id,title,text,label
10521,ACTING FBI DIRECTOR With Ties To Hillary Campaign Under Federal Investigation [VIDEO],"Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act according to a new report by Circa News.The Hatch Act prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Photos of McCabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races.The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government s main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s activities supporting his wife Jill s Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act s prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races. I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,  McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe s plea to  help me win  by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint.Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe s minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station.Here is another social media photo of our acting #FBI director, #AndrewMcCabe breaking the rules by campaigning on social media. #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/hBCH29yErY  Senator Dick Black (@SenRichardBlack) May 9, 2017The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging  in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group. It defines prohibited political activity as  any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election. An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe s office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat. This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal,  the briefing memo for McAuliffe read.Watch Sean Hannity discuss McCabe s involvement in his wife s campaign as well as his ties to Hillary s campaign:Included in the governor s briefing package was a copy of McCabe s FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI s Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia.At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor s close friend, Hillary Clinton s and her private email account.h/t Gateway Pundit",0
10522,“KILL YOUR A$$”: Florida Lefty Threatens GOP Congressman…Gets A Dose Of Karma!,"Only two weeks after U.S. congressman Steve Scalise and four others were shot during a baseball practice in a Washington suburb by a man with a history of lashing out at Republicans, a Florida lawmaker decided he wasn t taking any chances. After someone threatened his life on a Facebook page, state Rep. Jose Felix Diaz, R-Miami, told police. HADN T TAKEN HIS MEDS And on Monday, Northwest Miami-Dade resident Steve St. Felix, 34, was arrested and charged with written threats with intent to do bodily injury. Police said St. Felix was  fed up  with the Republican Party   and that he hadn t taken his meds when he posted the threat. It s unclear what condition the medications were treating.The threat    I ll kill your ass and you better not show up to the next REC meeting    was quickly removed from the Facebook page, police said. It appeared to refer to the Republican Executive Committee, the name of the local Miami-Dade County GOP.RECENT THREATS AND THE SHOOTING OF SCALISE CALL ATTENTION TO THREATS:On June 14, Steve Scalise, the U.S. House Republican whip, was badly injured during an early morning shootout in Alexandria, Virginia, as a group of Republicans practiced for their annual baseball game against Democrats.Two members of Scalise s Capitol Police security detail, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were also shot and injured. The shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old from a Belleville, Ill., a suburb outside St. Louis, was shot and killed.Two members of Scalise s baseball squad said they spoke with Hodgkinson before the practice and that he asked them what party they were affiliated with.Read more: Miami HeraldThe interesting thing is that Facebook just hired thousands to delete hate speech  Facebook hires thousands to launch crackdown on  hate speech Facebook s statement: Our current definition of hate speech is anything that directly attacks people based on what are known as their  protected characteristics    race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, or serious disability or disease,  said Richard Allan, Facebook vice president of public policy for Europe, the Middle East and Africa said in the blog post.  There is no universally accepted answer for when something crosses the line. Although a number of countries have laws against hate speech, their definitions of it vary significantly. This could get really interesting with Facebook being called out for NOT catching things like the incident above but deleting a harmless conservative post. Censorship is getting even worse at Facebook. ",0
10523,OOPS! TRUMP-HATING DEM SENATOR Caught In Huge LIE: Claimed She Never Met Or Spoke With Russian Ambassador…Forgot About Time She Had Dinner At His Home,"Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill, in a bid to demonize Jeff Sessions as Russian agent, said back in March she had never met nor spoke on the phone with a Russian ambassador  ever. A simple look at her old tweets showed almost immediately that was a lie.I've been on the Armed Services Com for 10 years.No call or meeting w/Russian ambassador. Ever. Ambassadors call members of Foreign Rel Com.  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) March 2, 2017Off to meeting w/Russian Ambassador. Upset about the arbitrary/cruel decision to end all US adoptions,even those in process.  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) January 30, 2013On Monday, CNN reported McCaskill not only met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, but she attended a private dinner at his house in 2015.   Information LiberationCNN -In March, Sen. Claire McCaskill was unambiguous. The Missouri Democrat said she never once met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in her 10 years serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee.This is NOT winning. Ford Chooses China, Not Mexico, to Build Its New Focus, via @nytimes https://t.co/18SiV5abkD  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 21, 2017",0
10524,"NEWT GINGRICH: Why Obama, NOT TRUMP, Should Testify Under Oath Before Congress in Russia Probe [VIDEO]","Former Speaker Newt Gingrich discusses the Russia investigation with Hannity He drops a bomb when he says that Obama should testify under oath before Congress in the Russia probe. We totally agree!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc_t7IOfonUNewt Gingrich: There s no question that Congress should call the former president in to testify under oath to explain what he was doing and why he was doing it,  Gingrich said. There s no question that they should build the case from the ground up.Who was doing the investigating? Who was reporting to the president? Who did it go through? What were the meetings like when they decided not to pursue it? I mean, talk about an extraordinary failure of national security. Guess what s about to happen, the Congress is about to have to call Barack Obama in to testify under oath about when he knew about Russia meddling. Who told him? Why did he do nothing? Who was in the meetings when he decided to do nothing? It s going to turn out, yes, there s a big Russian story. It s Barack Obama, not Donald Trump. And you cannot make this stuff up. ",0
10525,SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS Calls Out Fake News…Reporter Yells…She Shoots Back Cool As A Cucumber [Video],"A screaming White House reporter stood up and ranted at Sarah Huckabee Sanders after she called out  fake news  in the media.  The reporter raised his voice and told the deputy press secretary that she was making  inflammatory  comments about the press Can you believe that? He s got nerve!Earlier in the press conference, Sanders had called out the press for a  constant barrage of fake news directed at this president .Sanders called out CNN for being  repeatedly wrong  and referenced a Project Veritas video where a CNN producer was recorded calling the Russia investigation story  mostly bullshit.  If true, Sanders said, it was a disgrace to journalism. If the media can t be trusted to report the news, then that s a dangerous place for America,  she said.Read more: WFB",0
10526,AS TRUMP’S POPULARITY SOARS ABROAD…Village In India Renames Itself “Trump” [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump welcomed India s Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the White House Monday for their first meeting, as the U.S. branded a top militant from neighboring Pakistan as a  global terrorist. The leaders of the world s two largest democracies are looking to expand ties on defense and fighting terrorism, but strains are likely on trade. Their personal chemistry could prove as important as policy in setting the tone for relations.During brief Oval Office remarks, Trump heaped praise on Modi as a  great prime minister  who had brought economic growth to India. Modi recalled Trump s visits to India long before he was president and said he was looking forward to collaborating with him now that he is president. The relationship between the United States and India is very, very strong and very, very powerful,  Trump said.  We agree on most things. And I would say, by the end of the day we ll agree on everything. I have a feeling,  he joked.Meanwhile back in India, a village is so enamored with President Trump that they ve renamed their village after him: #News: As @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's popularity soars abroad, a village in #India renames itself ""Trump"" to honour their American hero.   pic.twitter.com/3ogNWWcwMA   l g s  (@Maximus_4EVR) June 27, 2017Hours before Modi s arrival, the State Department imposed sanctions on Syed Salahuddin, the Pakistan-based leader of Hizbul Mujahideen, the main rebel group that fights against Indian control in the divided Himalayan region of Kashmir. India s foreign ministry hailed the move.Trump s press conference with India s Prime Minister:Trump has so far focused on outreach to China, India s strategic rival, as he looks to Beijing to rein in nuclear-armed North Korea. But Washington and New Delhi share concerns about China s rise as a military power that has underpinned increasingly close relations in the past decade.  PBS",0
10527,SARAH HUCKABEE-SANDERS Destroys Room Full Of Fake News Reporters…Encourages Every American To Watch Video Exposing #VeryFakeNews CNN [VIDEO],"White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee-Sanders was the perfect choice to take on the media today following the release of a bombshell video by Project Veritas showing an undercover reporter capturing CNN s Supervising Producer admitting that most of the  news  they put out about the Trump-Russia collusion is  bullish*t! Early this morning, James O Keefe released the Project Veritas video where reporters went undercover at CNN to investigate the #VeryFakeNews network. O Keefe said their intent in making the video was to determine the motivation behind CNN s Trump-Russia collusion obsession. Since the inauguration, CNN has mentioned  Russian story  nearly 16,000 times.During her press conference today, Sarah Huckabee-Sanders encouraged the room full of  reporters  to watch the Project Veritas video that exposes CNN as fake news for ratings. She even took it a step further and noted that while she couldn t confirm the accuracy of the tape, that every American should watch the video. Sanders appeared to be disgusted as she remarked that if the tape is accurate,  then it is a disgrace to all of media to all of journalism.   And furthermore,  If the media can t be trusted to report the news, then that is a danger to all of America. BOOOM Sarah Huckabee Sanders advises ALL to watch Veritas Video where CNN producer admits they realize Trump/Russia is a hoax but dont care! pic.twitter.com/tng5DUmKq3   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) June 27, 2017Although panicked fake network hosts like MSNBC s Joy Reid were praising reporter Brian Karem for attempting to stand up to  Huckabee-Sanders, in reality, he was no match for the sharp-witted Huckabee-Sanders who claimed that media has gone into a dark place. One of the Democrat Party s top cheerleaders  Joy Reid is no exception. Here s her tweet:Now following @BrianKarem   who was every political reporter today. https://t.co/yJC2IXDKi4  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) June 27, 2017The video below shows Karem s attempt to defend his fellow journalist s use of  unnamed sources  and fake news for ratings. Karem argued that Huckabee-Sanders was  inflaming  the CNN undercover video story, saying:  Everybody in this room is only trying to do their job.  Sarah Huckabee-Sanders blasted Karem as she shot back: I disagree completely. First of all, I think if anything has been inflamed, it s the dishonesty that often takes place by the news media. And I think it s outrageous for you to accuse me of inflaming a story when I was simply trying to respond to his question. :Here s the exchange between Brian Karem and Sarah Huckabee-Sanders:MUST WATCH: White House reporter @BrianKarem pushing back against Sarah Huckabee Sanders and saying what many people have been thinking. pic.twitter.com/hW49e0tdWY  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) June 27, 2017 ",0
10528,NBC’s TRUMP-BASHING Chief White House Reporter Gets a Big Dose Of Karma When EMBARRASSING Thing Happens As Cameras Are Rolling [VIDEO],"The obnoxious anti-Trump Hallie Jackson of NBC is constantly trying to play  gotcha  with Sean Spicer on policy issues related to President Trump. Normally, we wouldn t post a video of a reporter in such an embarrassing situation while on camera, but NBC s Hallie Jackson is a special case, so we ll make an exception. Here s a little dose of karma for the anti-Trump Chief White House correspondent for NBC Hallie Jackson.*Thinking to myself#MSNBC #HallieJackson is a HACK & always unfair to @POTUSso should I tweet this?OF COURSE #MAGA #MondayMotivation pic.twitter.com/3qyqPA4Ma3    USA OVER PARTY (@michaelbeatty3) June 26, 2017Watch NBC s Hallie Jackson get  Spiced  after she attempted to mock Republicans for working to keep the seat former US Rep Tom Price vacated in Georgia after joining the Trump administration in DC. Jackson tries, but fails to make the case that the GOP is in trouble because Price s seat in what is traditionally a Republican leaning district is in jeopardy. As we all know, NBC s Hallie Jackson wasted a lot of time manufacturing a story about Georgia s over-rated special election. After over $50 million was spent in the special election to promote the Democrat candidate (most of which came from out-of-state donors), the so-called  rising star  Democrat John Ossoff ended up losing the seat to Republican Karen Handel.Here s the obnoxious Hallie Jackson attempting to trip up Sean Spicer over tweets by President Trump:*The embarrassing video of Jackson happened several months ago, but since it s being recirculated on Twitter, we thought we d share it for our followers who love Hallie Jackson as much as we do. ",0
10529,WATCH: AMAZING THING HAPPENED When H.S. Valedictorian Stepped Up To Podium After ATHEIST Group Told Grads They Could No Longer Recite The Lord’s Prayer,"A 70-year tradition at East Liverpool High School was removed from the graduation ceremony, but students weren t letting it go easily.The Wisconsin-based Freedom from Religion Foundation, which advocates for separation of church and state, got wind of the school s prayer tradition. They told East Liverpool administrators they needed to stop their choir from singing the Lord s Prayer at graduation.Rather than fighting legal battles, the school removed the song from Sunday s program. But instead of losing part of the ceremony, students decided to lead their own prayer.Graduation at East Liverpool is filled with tradition, and this year students rejected change. I know a lot of my student body was uncomfortable with it, just because it is tradition to have prayer at our school,  said Cami Post, class of 2016 vice president. The idea of one person or 2 or 3 standing up and saying they don t want prayer back in school or even singing or reciting is sad,  said Pastor Rodney Ohler, Salineville Assembly of God.Ohler and members of his church stood outside to support keeping the prayer in school.   WTOV9The students appeared to be going along with the order until the valedictorian of the East Liverpool graduating class signaled the class from the podium Watch video below to see the graduating students pull a fast one on the atheist group who felt compelled to deprive them of their 70-year old tradition: ",0
10530,#VeryFakeNews CNN BRAGS ABOUT RATINGS To President Trump On Twitter After CNN Producer Is Caught On Video Admitting Trump-Russia Stories Are Fake News…Only About The RATINGS!,"James O Keefe s Project Veritas reporters went undercover at CNN to investigate the #VeryFakeNews network to determine the motivation behind CNN s Trump-Russia collusion obsession. Since the inauguration, CNN has mentioned  Russian story  nearly 16,000 times.Project Veritas  reporters can be seen in the video below having a conversation with CNN s supervising producer John Bonifield. The reporter talked to Bonifield first about the constant barrage of Trump-Russia stories on CNN. Bonifield admitted that although CNN has no evidence or proof of Trump involvement with Russia, they continue to make it their top story on CNN simply for  ratings  and to  make money. Bonifield actually confessed to the undercover Project Veritas journalist that President Trump is correct when he says the media is on a  witch hunt  to take him down. Bonifield told the reporter:  I think the President is right to say, like, look you are  witch hunting me  You have no real smoking gun, you have no proof. Bonifield told the undercover reporter for Project Veritas that CNN is biased and is playing to their audience by attacking President Trump, and actually admitted that  Trump is good for business right now.  The Project Veritas reporter asked Bonifield,  But honestly, you think the whole Russia shit is bullshit?  to which Bonifield replied:  Could be bullshit. I mean, it s mostly bullshit right now. Like, we don t have any big, giant proof. The way these leaks happen, they d leak it. It d leak. If it was something really good, it would leak. President Trump took to Twitter this morning to call out CNN. In his tweet, Trump hinted that Fake News CNN would likely be replacing the top brass at the dishonest and discredited network. Trump also mentioned CNN s failing ratings, to which CNN Communications boasted that after months of reporting lies about a phony Trump-Russia collusion story, their ratings have actually increased. In other words, because we dragged your name through the mud and falsely accused you of collusion with the Russians without a shred of evidence, our ratings have actually gone up with our liberal viewers who are desperate for any negative Trump news. CNN just posted it's most-watched second quarter in history. Those are the facts.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) June 27, 2017President Trump didn t stop at calling out the OBVIOUS Very Fake News network CNN, he also asked when the other fake news networks would be exposed, specifically NBC, CBS, ABC, the New York Times and the Washington Post:So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS & ABC? What about the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2017",0
10531,HILARIOUS! TENNESSEE RESPONDS To California’s ‘Foolish’ Travel Ban: Keep Your ‘Unfounded Moral Judgment’ To Yourself,"Tennessee lawmakers have something to say to their counterparts in California and it s perfect! We could love this more Tennessee hits back at the loony state that banned all state travel to places that they think don t have the right policy in place. The response is epic: Whereas, California has passed legislation banning state sponsored travel to Tennessee and certain other states; andWhereas, the ban stems from legislation enacted by Tennessee that allows counselors to refer patients to other counselors who can better meet their goals, which the California State Legislature has judged to be morally reprehensible; andWhereas, California s attempt to influence public policy in our state is akin to Tennessee expressing its disapproval of California s exorbitant taxes, spiraling budget deficits, runaway social welfare programs, and rampant illegal immigration; andWhereas, Tennessee is pleasantly surprised that California will not be sending its economic development teams to Tennessee to recruit our businesses, but we can still send our teams to recruit their businesses; andWhereas, Tennessee is puzzled why California thinks it is a good idea to prohibit its state colleges and universities from participating in athletic competition in Tennessee (March Madness comes to Memphis this year via the South Regional), Kansas, Mississippi, and North Carolina; andWhereas, this type of ban, the result of legitimate disagreements about government policy, is neither persuasive nor productive for either party and will lead to economic warfare among states, as one sovereign entity attempts to tell an equally sovereign entity how to conduct its affairs by restricting travel thereto; andWhereas, the United States Constitution provides for a strong federal government for the common defense, but the Tenth Amendment grants the several states sovereignty in addressing issues solely within their jurisdiction, and all states should respect this most basic precept of American government; andWhereas, if states such as California persist in banning travel to Tennessee as a punitive action for this body conducting its constitutionally mandated duties as its members see fit, our state leaders should consider strong reciprocal action in banning state sponsored travel to those misguided states; now, therefore,BE IT RESOLVED BY THE SENATE OF THE ONE HUNDRED TENTH GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES CONCURRING, that we urge and encourage the Governor, the Speaker of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives to ban state -sponsored and state funded travel within their respective jurisdictions to any state of the Union that has banned state   sponsored travel to Tennessee in a selective way, so that the other states feel the pain and not TennesseeBE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that we urge the other forty-eight states to refrain from imposing their unfounded moral judgment on their sister states as California has done in order to prevent escalating foolishness.Oh boy! Isn t that great!",0
10532,WHOA! BREAKING NEWS: CNN Producer Caught On Undercover Tape Admitting Trump-Russia Coverage Is BULLSH*T…”President Is Right To Say You Are ‘Witch Hunting’ Me” (VIDEO),"James O Keefe s Project Veritas reporters went undercover at CNN to investigate the #VeryFakeNews network to determine the motivation behind CNN s Trump-Russia collusion obsession. Since the inauguration, CNN has mentioned  Russian story  nearly 16,000 times.Project Veritas  reporters can be seen in the video below having a conversation with CNN s supervising producer John Bonifield. The reporter talked to Bonifield first about the constant barrage of Trump-Russia stories on CNN. Bonifield admitted that although CNN has no evidence or proof of Trump involvement with Russia, they continue to make it their top story on CNN simply for  ratings  and to  make money.  Bonifield has worked as a journalist and as a producer for nearly 15 years at CNN, making him a pretty reliable source when it comes to how things work at CNN.Bonifield actually confessed to the undercover Project Veritas journalist that President Trump is correct when he says the media is on a  witch hunt  to take him down. Bonifield told the reporter:  I think the President is right to say, like, look you are  witch hunting me  You have no real smoking gun, you have no proof. Bonifield told the undercover reporter for Project Veritas that CNN is biased and is playing to their audience by attacking President Trump, and actually admitted that  Trump is good for business right now.  The Project Veritas reporter asked Bonifield,  But honestly, you think the whole Russia shit is bullshit?  to which Bonifield replied:  Could be bullshit. I mean, it s mostly bullshit right now. Like, we don t have any big, giant proof. The way these leaks happen, they d leak it. It d leak. If it was something really good, it would leak. Watch the unbelievable video here:Did the three resignations that took place at CNN today have anything to do with the impending release of O Keefe s explosive video proving that CNN manufactures Trump-Russia collusion stories for ratings, or for money?The story about the three CNN employees resigning for publishing fake news broke yesterday. Is ti a coincidence that today, O Keefe released this explosive bombshell video?Here s the story that broke yesterday: CNN employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the Trump-Russia story that claimed a member of the Trump transition team was under investigation.Reporter Thomas Frank, editor Eric Lichtblau and executive editor Lex Haris all resigned from their positions following a company-wide investigation into the single-sourced story that was quickly debunked, The Washington Post first reported. CNN quickly followed up with a story of their own on the resignations. Lichtblau reportedly oversaw the false story, while Haris headed up CNN s investigative unit. In the aftermath of the retraction of a story published on CNN.com, CNN has accepted the resignations of the employees involved in the story s publication,  CNN s coverage quotes a company spokesman as saying.Philly.com   On Thursday evening, CNN investigative reporter Thomas Frank published a potentially explosive report involving an investigation of a Russian investment fund with potential ties to several associates of President Donald Trump.But by Friday night, the story was removed from CNN s website and all links were scrubbed from the network s social media accounts. That story did not meet CNN s editorial standards and has been retracted,  CNN said in an editors note posted in place of the story.  Links to the story have been disabled. ",0
10533,“MEATHEAD” ROB REINER Calls For ‘ALL OUT WAR’ Against Trump…Twitter User Warns “Hollywood Folks” To Be Careful…They Might Just Get A War,"Writing on Twitter Sunday, the All in the Family star mentioned a Fox News report about the Trump campaign s alleged collusion with Russia during the 2016 election. When Fox says that DT colluding with the enemy is not a crime, the fight to save Democracy is now an all out war. US-Stay strong. #Treason,  he wrote.When Fox says that DT colluding with the enemy is not a crime, the fight to save Democracy is now an all out war. US-Stay strong. #Treason  Rob Reiner (@robreiner) June 25, 2017One of our favorite conservatives on Twitter, Nick Short of politicallyshort.com warned Hollywood crybaby Rob Reiner to be careful what he wishes for: There was no collusion, but keep up your propaganda. You hollywood folks need to watch your mouths calling for ""war"". You might get it. https://t.co/KK8Eqh2Mq8  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) June 25, 2017Hollywood conservatives hammered Reiner on Twitter over his reckless remarks calling for action against President Trump:Hollywood actress and comedian Rosanne Barr called Rob Reiner s comments,  fake news .FAKE NEWS  Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) June 26, 2017Hollywood actor Nick Searcy blasts Reiner:https://twitter.com/yesnicksearcy/status/879471613867155460Comedian Mark Dice asks Reiner if he s trying to incite another Democrat terror incident?Is this a dog-whistle to incite another radical liberal terrorist to shoot more people?  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) June 27, 2017Hey Meathead here s the real collusion with Russia:Ever hear of #UraniumOne meathead?They are all involved with #Russia Even #Podesta pic.twitter.com/8Xa3bzDu2Y   covfefeand   (@DJTsavesAmerica) June 26, 2017These responses to Reiner s tweet are just plain hilarious:Due us a Favor! pic.twitter.com/Lei8JiMSMq  Joey Brooklyn (@Joe_America1776) June 26, 2017Archie was so correct when he named you meathead   Vince (@seriousserb) June 25, 2017",0
10534,THREE RESIGNATIONS AT CNN After Botched Trump-Russia Story…More To Come?,"CNN employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the Trump-Russia story that claimed a member of the Trump transition team was under investigation.Reporter Thomas Frank, editor Eric Lichtblau and executive editor Lex Haris all resigned from their positions following a company-wide investigation into the single-sourced story that was quickly debunked, The Washington Post first reported. CNN quickly followed up with a story of their own on the resignations. Lichtblau reportedly oversaw the false story, while Haris headed up CNN s investigative unit. In the aftermath of the retraction of a story published on CNN.com, CNN has accepted the resignations of the employees involved in the story s publication,  CNN s coverage quotes a company spokesman as saying.The retracted story, which relied upon a single unnamed congressional source, claimed that Senate investigators were probing Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci and whether or not he discussed lifting sanctions during a meeting with a Russia banker just days before Trump s inauguration. CNN later retracted the story and apologized to Scaramucci",0
10535,"LIBS ON SOCIAL MEDIA Make Disgusting Comparison Of Eric Trump’s New Haircut To Nazis, While Party Girl Malia Obama’s Escapades Were “Off-Limits”","Liberals on Twitter accused President Donald Trump s son Eric of sporting a  Nazi haircut  when he debuted a new hairdo Sunday.Eric Trump sported a new hairstyle with the side of his head shaved in an interview with Fox News. Trump s trendy new style is far from unusual: celebrities like Macklemore, David Beckham, Brad Pitt, and Adam Levine have all sported the same look.But in recent years, members of the alt-right, including white supremacist Richard Spencer, have also started wearing their hair the same way. Some have even begun to call the style  fashy,  short for fascist.When a screenshot of Trump s hairstyle first hit the Internet, reporters and liberals assumed the worst.   WFBEric Trump has a fascist haircut.This cannot possibly be unintentional. pic.twitter.com/9mqUbwENqQ  Ali Gharib (@Ali_Gharib) June 25, 2017Political reporter for  The Guardian  asks if Eric Trump is wearing a  fashy  or in other words, if he s sporting a fascist haircut.Wait, does he have a fashy?  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) June 25, 2017This Twitter user is suggesting Eric Trump looks like white supremacist Richard Spencer.Looks like the Richard Spencer alt right special  Chris (@bigtrix36) June 25, 2017This Twitter users profile says he s a  mental health counselor ! It looks like someone could use a little mental health counseling themselves:It's not so new. pic.twitter.com/qdq8RpKyW5  David Slack (@slack2thefuture) June 25, 2017This dingbat Twitter user attempts to suggest that Trump s new haircut is some sort of  dog whistle The officially call this haircut the Dog Whistle. pic.twitter.com/TeSkCQLRYh  Maris Kreizman (@mariskreizman) June 26, 2017Meanwhile, Malia Obama s twerking and public weed smoking antics were virtually ignored by leftist social media users and most especially by the rabid leftist media who considered them  off limits , like this picture of Malia hanging out with friends in a room with a huge bong in front of her.Or this video showing Malia standing on a stage and twerking in front of thousands of Lalapalooza fans in Chicago: ",0
10536,PELOSI GIGGLES NERVOUSLY: “After I Met President Trump I Prayed For America” [Video],"Nancy Pelosi said in an interview with Joy Reid that after she met President Trump she  prayed for America She giggled nervously. This is the usual Pelosi act where she giggles and then says something so bitter and mean that you just can t believe it.We have quite a collection of Pelosi-isms   Keep it up Nancy!NANCY CAN T CALL TRUMP HER PRESIDENT GIGGLE, GIGGLE  Nancy Pelosi couldn t sink any lower than this. She was doing a question and answer when she giggled and said she can t call Donald Trump president Trump. The oddest behavior comes after the giggles. She goes on to brag about her position in the Democrat Party and how she was so looking forward to Hillary s win. It s quite a delusional rant.How can the Democrats be taken seriously when they behave this way? Pelosi isn t the only one. Maxine Waters is a very close second in the wacky category. See the video below this one where she goes ballistic on a woman who said  I love my president .PELOSI GIGGLES LIKE A CHILD:",0
10537,"DEM REP, WIFE OF FELON CAUGHT On Tape Bragging About Inciting Violence At Trump Rallies, Makes Hilarious Claim About Number Of Seats Democrats Will Take In 2018 [VIDEO]","Democratic Rep. Jan Schakowsky (Ill.) is married to Robert Creamer, one of the key figures in O Keefe s undercover video that showed him organizing Democrat operatives to incite Trump supporters, hoping to get them to commit acts of violence that could be caught on film, thereby helping Hillary to win the election.Creamer was a convicted felon who oversaw a check-kiting scheme so elaborate that his employees followed a written manual   complete with detailed instructions on when and where to float checks totaling millions of dollars.Go to the 3:35 mark to see Robert Creamer in action:It s only natural that the wife of a disgraced Democrat operative and convicted felon would be asked by CNN to offer hope about the future of the floundering Democrat Party.Democratic Rep. Jan Schakowsky (Ill.) said Monday that she believes Democrats can win the 25 seats they need to retake the House of Representatives in 2018.Schakowsky s comments on CNN came days after the Democratic Party lost its fourth straight special congressional election, with Jon Ossoff losing to Republican Karen Handel in last Tuesday s House race in Georgia s sixth district.CNN host Poppy Harlow asked Schakowsky about the loss in Georgia, as well as others in Montana, Kansas, and South Carolina. Schakowsky dismissed the losses, arguing they are not indicative of Democrats  electoral chances in 2018. The reason that those Republicans were appointed to the [Trump] administration is because they were considered safe Republican districts. The Ossoff district, the sixth district in Georgia, is the 71st most likely district that Democrats can win,  she said.  In other words, there are 70 districts that will be easier than that. Schakowsky was referring to the fact that the Georgia race and special elections in other states were replacing seats vacated by lawmakers who were nominated to serve in President Donald Trump s administration.  WFB",0
10538,BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Has Advice For “Able-Bodied Americans” On Medicaid Worried About Losing Health Care: GET A JOB! [VIDEO],"Make America work again! White House counselor Kellyanne Conway says people on Medicaid who will lose coverage under the Republican plan to repeal Obamacare could find jobs that provide health insurance.When the Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid coverage, Conway said, that  opened it up  to healthy people who could theoretically work, Conway told ABC s  This Week  on Sunday. Obamacare took Medicaid, which was designed to help the poor, the needy, the sick, disabled, also children and pregnant women, it took it and went way above the poverty line to many able-bodied Americans,  she said. They  should probably find other   at least see if there are other options for them. Conway went on:  If they are able-bodied and they want to work, then they ll have employer-sponsored benefits like you and I do. .@KellyannePolls: Obamacare opened up Medicaid to ""many able-bodied Americans who should at least see if there are others options for them."" pic.twitter.com/fzqvuwXrXB  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) June 25, 2017Via: CNBC",0
10539,TRUMP WINS! Supreme Court Rules On Travel Ban In Unanimous Decision [VIDEO],"This is gonna be a tough pill for the left to swallow after working so hard to stack the courts In a victory for the Trump administration, the Supreme Court on Monday lifted key components of an injunction against President Trump s proposed ban on travel from six majority-Muslim nations, reinstating much of the policy and promising to hear full arguments as early as this fall.The court s decision means the justices will now wade into the biggest legal controversy of the Trump administration   the president s order temporarily restricting travel, which even Trump has termed a  travel ban. Today s unanimous Supreme Court decision is a clear victory for our national security,  Trump said in a statement.  As President, I cannot allow people into our country who want to do us harm. I want people who can love the United States and all of its citizens, and who will be hardworking and productive. He added:  My number one responsibility as Commander in Chief is to keep the American people safe. Today s ruling allows me to use an important tool for protecting our Nation s homeland. The court made clear that a limited version of the policy can be enforced immediately with a full hearing to come in the Fall. An American individual or entity that has a bona fide relationship with a particular person seeking to enter the country as a refugee can legitimately claim concrete hardship if that person is excluded,  the court wrote.  As to these individuals and entities, we do not disturb the injunction. But when it comes to refugees who lack any such connection to the United States, for the reasons we have set out, the balance tips in favor of the Government s compelling need to provide for the Nation s security. The justices decided to review the broader constitutional issues over executive authority on immigration with oral arguments to be held in the fall.  FOX News",0
10540,TRUMP BREAKS TRADITION Started By Bill Clinton…Doesn’t Host White House Ramadan Dinner…Had Other Plans [VIDEO],"Never mind that the Trump s had a previous engagement it s just a great excuse for the left to justify their false claims that our President is an  Islamaphobe President Trump broke with 20 years of White House tradition by opting not to host a dinner to mark the end of Ramadan, the Islamic holy month of fasting and reflection.Instead of a dinner commemorating the religious holiday Eid al-Fitr, the president and first lady Melania Trump released a statement on Saturday offering  warm greetings. Muslims in the United States joined those around the world during the holy month of Ramadan to focus on acts of faith and charity,  they said.  Now, as they commemorate Eid with family and friends, they carry on the tradition of helping neighbors and breaking bread with people from all walks of life. The past three administrations   Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama   have held traditional iftar dinners that often included members of Congress and prominent members of the Muslim community.  NYPPresident Trump and First Lady Melania Trump instead attended Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin s third wedding to actress Louise Linton.First lady fashion: Melania Trump wears pink to Washington wedding https://t.co/mT7c0gZpeH pic.twitter.com/Y0IgJlQQRk  Newsco Inc. (@newscoinc) June 25, 2017",0
10541,BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Goes Ballistic On Maxine Waters: “People are tired with your hate and your racism!” [Video],"A woman let it all hang out when she ranted like crazy at Congresswoman Maxine Waters during a protest. Everything this wonderful woman said is so true! The black community has been hurt by illegal immigration and Waters is a hateful racist. All true! We reported on this protest in Congresswoman Water s district in California (see videos below)Black Trump supporter goes absolutely nuclear on Maxine Waters, accusing the Congresswoman of destroying black communities across the U.S. pic.twitter.com/gLqRm5kMOg  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 25, 2017 This woman is awesome! She screamed out:  People are tired with your hate and your racism! All the jobs went to illegals! You have destroyed the black community! You are a black racist! You hate blacks! All the jobs went to illegals! You gave our jobs to illegals! We want you out! Maxine Waters destroyed the black community. She s gotta go! She s paid taxpayer money to discriminate against American citizens, and we re not going to have it! She s been in office too long doing NOTHING! She lied to the black community saying she was going to bring us jobs. She gave those jobs to illegal criminals! We want her out! She s been in office for too long! She s already showing signs of dementia! She s a hater! The video of the woman above is all part of the protest at the Maxine Waters town hall:This is great! Trump supporters did everything right but ironically were turned away at a Maxine Waters Town Hall because they don t live in her district Well, SHE doesn t live in her district!These Americans are awesome! They re showing up and protesting   Bravo!We know that Waters keeps close tabs on who is in attendance at the town halls A previous report on one of the town halls showed people getting tossed:The video below begins with a Hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to Europe . He continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term PILGRIM! . This is California and this is the attitude of many hispanics. Notice how the t-shirts some of the Hispanics are wearing say, stolen lands . Maxine Waters  represents Inglewood, California where free speech is apparently just for those against President Trump. Anyone in the audience who is even perceived to be against Waters is yelled at and tossed out.Free speech? Notice how Maxine Waters claims that those who oppose her must not realize where they are INGLEWOOD! Isn t she doing exactly what Martin Luther King, Jr. fought against? She s refusing to allow anyone who disagrees with her to even be in the same room! The people who were tossed out for absolutely no reason!Watch Maxine lie through her teeth to the people of Inglewood about Trump s tax plan and healthcare bill. She pulls the class warfare card when describing the tax bill. Fear mongering is her forte as you ll see in the video below:THE STREET ARTIST SABO plastered these awesome posters all over Inglewood:Impeach Maxine Waters & Impeach Trump signs side by side. Only one is taken seriously.  pic.twitter.com/B1FJkmIFX2  Corryn Mobley  (@Corrynmb) May 14, 2017",0
10542,TRUMP SUPPORTERS STORM MAXINE WATERS TOWN HALL…Demand Entry After Being Denied…”Let us in!” [Video],"This is great! Trump supporters did everything right but ironically were turned away at a Maxine Waters Town Hall because they don t live in her district Well, SHE doesn t live in her district!These Americans are awesome! They re showing up and protesting   Bravo!We know that Waters keeps close tabs on who is in attendance at the town halls A previous report on one of the town halls showed people getting tossed:The video below begins with a Hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to Europe . He continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term PILGRIM! . This is California and this is the attitude of many hispanics. Notice how the t-shirts some of the Hispanics are wearing say, stolen lands . Maxine Waters  represents Inglewood, California where free speech is apparently just for those against President Trump. Anyone in the audience who is even perceived to be against Waters is yelled at and tossed out.Free speech? Notice how Maxine Waters claims that those who oppose her must not realize where they are INGLEWOOD! Isn t she doing exactly what Martin Luther King, Jr. fought against? She s refusing to allow anyone who disagrees with her to even be in the same room! The people who were tossed out for absolutely no reason!Watch Maxine lie through her teeth to the people of Inglewood about Trump s tax plan and healthcare bill. She pulls the class warfare card when describing the tax bill. Fear mongering is her forte as you ll see in the video below:THE STREET ARTIST SABO plastered these awesome posters all over Inglewood:Impeach Maxine Waters & Impeach Trump signs side by side. Only one is taken seriously.  pic.twitter.com/B1FJkmIFX2  Corryn Mobley  (@Corrynmb) May 14, 2017",0
10543,JUDGE JEANINE NAILS THE UNHINGED LEFT: “The left’s hate is a danger to us all’ [VIDEO],"Judge Jeanine nailed it tonight describing the unhinged left. She is so right to say the left is a danger to us all. She is especially worried for our President and other leaders in DC. She s so right!PIRRO SAID:  We are now in a danger zone of complete hatred and chaos unlike anything we ve witnessed in American history. The normalization of calling for the assassination, decapitation or the beating of any president is simply shocking. And it is the extension of this hatred that trickles down and motivates people like the shooter of Congressman Scalise. That shooter wasn t crazy. That s too easy. He hated Republicans and thought they should die. I worry, though, and you should all worry for our president and all elected officials  The trickling down of hate is a danger to us all  What s not helping is that the former President and Hillary Clinton are fueling this rhetoric. The bitter Democrats waisted no time in continuing the violent rhetoric almost immediately after Steve Scalise was shot! The ironic thing is that this only damages the Democrats!The Chair of the DNC Tom Perez has been going out giving obscenity laden speeches. He s the leader of the party and he sets the tone. How in the world is this negative rhetoric helping anyone? The big loser in all of this is the American people. DC is in gridlock on getting things done when the Democrats don t even try to be civil.",0
10544,STEVIE WONDER SLAMS Black Lives Matter At MN Peace Conference: “You Cannot Say ‘Black Lives Matter’ and Then Kill Yourselves” [VIDEO],"The music icon spoke at the North Minneapolis Conference on Peace on Saturday.Stevie Wonder spoke out about Black Lives Matter and youth gun violence at the North Minneapolis Conference on Peace on Saturday. It is in your hands to stop all of the killing and the shooting wherever it might be,  Wonder said.  You cannot say,  Black lives matter,  and then kill yourselves. Because you know we ve mattered long before it was said, but the way we show that we matter, the way that we show all the various people of color matter is by loving each other and doing something about it. Not just talking about it, not just waiting to see the media and press come when there s a horrible thing. Watch:Wonder s statement came after he highlighted the fatal shooting of Philando Castile during a traffic stop by former Minnesota police officer Jeronimo Yanez. On Friday, Yanez was acquitted of all charges by a jury.   BillboardThe amazing website heyjackass.com provides up-to-date information on the current gun-crime situation in the  gun-free city of Chicago. Why are there no protests in the city of Chicago from Black Lives Matter?Every 2:30 minutes a person is shot in the city of Chicago. Where is the outrage from the black community over the killing of their own in their communities?",0
10545,OOPS! BOTH Bernie Sanders And His Wife Are Under FBI Investigation For Bank Fraud,"Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and his wife, Jane Sanders have hired prominent defense attorneys, amid an FBI investigation into a loan Jane Sanders obtained to expand Burlington College while she was its president, CBS News confirms.Politico Magazine first reported the Sanders had hired lawyers to defend them in the probe. Sanders top adviser Jeff Weaver told CBS News the couple has sought legal protection over federal agents  allegations from a January 2016 complaint accusing then-President of Burlington College, Ms. Sanders, of distorting donor levels in a 2010 loan application for $10 million from People s United Bank to purchase 33 acres of land for the institution.According to Politico, prosecutors might also be looking into allegations that Sen. Sanders  office inappropriately urged the bank to approve the loan.Heat Street  When Jane O Meara Sanders served as president of Burlington College between 2004 and 2011, she oversaw an aggressive effort to enroll more students and expand the campus to accommodate a bigger student body. Part of that plan: Taking out hefty loans to finance the $10 million purchase of 32 acres of prime property from the Roman Catholic diocese at the end of 2010.But Burlington College soon found itself unable to make its loan payments. The Roman Catholic diocese, which had sold off the land to help pay for a $17 million sexual-abuse settlement, ultimately lost between $1.5 million and $2 million, according to the letter calling for investigation, as well as several Vermont media outlets. The diocese did not respond to a request for an interview. But a source with direct knowledge of the diocese s involvement in the land acquisition says Burlington College almost immediately struggled to meet its obligations. It was within a relatively short time after closing [the deal], they were experiencing financial problems that made it impossible to pay the diocese,  the source says, adding that Burlington soon went into default mode on its loan.Parishioners now say that to secure loans to buy the land, Ms. Sanders misrepresented the amount that had been pledged to the college in its fundraising push.The request for investigation notes that defrauding a bank is a federal crime; it s punishable by up to 30 years in prison and $1 million in fines, according to federal code. Watch Sanders rail against inequality and corruption at his commencement speech to the 2017 graduating class at Brooklyn College: Ms. Sanders  push for the liberal arts college s costly land acquisition was cited in a press release by the college when it shut down in 2016. And as for the claim that Ms. Sanders manipulated the loan application, Weaver  said,  The loan was approved by the financial board at the college. Sen. Sanders, formerly mayor of Burlington, Vermont s largest city, regards the claims as a political game levied against him after his run for president in the 2016 primary election, a platform which has transformed the small-state senator into an influential voice in American liberal politics.   CBS News ",0
10546,"ZING! KELLYANNE CONWAY Mocks CNN’s Obsession With ‘Russia, Russia’ [Video]","Kellyanne Conway was trying to discuss the accomplishments of President Trump with Alison Camerota of CNN but Camerota was having none of that. She kept referring to Russia. Conway finally let it rip: Alisyn, I know that we just like to say the word  Russia, Russia  to try to mislead the voters. And I know that CNN is aiding and abetting this nonsense as well. ALISYN CAMEROTA: But my question for you is, what is the White House, what is President Trump now doing to prevent Russia from doing this again?KELLYANNE CONWAY: This report is new, and we ll discuss it with him later. But he s been very clear, on the record, that he believes in any type of numbers of measures to make sure that democracy flourishes and that voter integrity is intact.CAMEROTA: Such as?CONWAY:   he has an entire commission on that.CAMEROTA: I mean, against Russia. What is he doing specifically to try to stop this?CONWAY: Alisyn, I know that we just like to say the word  Russia, Russia  to mislead the voters. And I know that CNN is aiding and abetting this nonsense as well. But you ve asked me the same question three times now  CAMEROTA: Kellyanne!CONWAY:   and I ve answered it.CAMEROTA: But you re not answering it, Kellyanne.CONWAY: Yes I am.",0
10547,"UPDATE: DEM OFFICIAL CAUGHT ON TAPE: “I’m Glad He (Scalise) Got Shot, I Wish He Was F*cking Dead…” [Audio]","THE UPDATE TO THIS NEBRASKA DEMOCRATIC PARTY OFFICIAL S DISGUSTING COMMENTS: PHIL MONTAG HAS BEEN FIRED!The Democrats just aren t getting the message that America is leaving their Party in droves because of violent rhetoric! Who wants to be associated with anyone who is happy that someone got shot?A Nebraska Democratic Party official is now in hot water. An audio recording was posted on YouTube Thursday with Phil Montag, a technology chairman, voicing how glad he was that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., got shot last week at a GOP baseball practice. Nebraska Democratic Party Chairwoman Jane Kleeb confirmed to FOX 42 News Thursday it was really his voice:Nebraska Democrat Party official caught on tape saying  I m glad that motherfucker [Scalise] got fucking shot, I wish he was fucking dead!  pic.twitter.com/yFJ32PqT77  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 23, 2017 His whole job is to get people, convince Republicans to (expletive) kick people off (expletive) health care. I m glad he got shot,  said Montag in the audio recording.Montag is now looking for a new job; Kleeb let him go after the recording became public. I wish he was (expletive) dead,  said Montag in the recording. We obviously condemn any kind of violence, whether it s comments on Facebook or comments in a meeting,  said Kleeb when reached by phone Thursday.",0
10548,WOW! SENATOR GRASSLEY OUTS Schumer And Schiff…LIED To Media Even Though They KNEW Trump Wasn’t Under Investigation For Collusion With Russians [VIDEO],"A top Republican took to the Senate floor Thursday to blame fired FBI Director James B. Comey for fanning  conspiracy theories  about the U.S. election that  played right into Russia s hands. Sen. Chuck Grassley, an Iowa Republican who, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has oversight of the FBI, also accused Mr. Comey of working to  shade the truth  by agreeing to the Obama administration s attempt to soft-pedal the criminal probe of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Despite rampant public speculation, Mr. Comey kept hidden the fact that the president wasn t under investigation   allowing conspiracy theories and speculation to run wild, Mr. Grassley said.But Mr. Comey refused, saying later that he had feared saying something he d later have to correct. None of this fiasco had to happen if Mr. Comey had just been transparent with the public, as I urged him to,  Mr. Grassley said. They played right into Russia s hands,  he added.The senator s remarks were striking. A fiercely independent lawmaker, Mr. Grassley has used his office to probe both Democrats and Republicans.He s now in charge of one of the probes on Capitol Hill looking into Mr. Comey s firing and other aspects of the 2016 election brouhaha. We re going to go where the facts take us,  Mr. Grassley said.He said Democrats ended up fostering the very Russian meddling in American democracy that they decried   and he specifically fingered Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer, saying the New York Democrat knew from Mr. Comey that Mr. Trump wasn t under investigation but told the public differently.Mr. Grassley said that as a member of the  Gang of Eight    the four high-ranking lawmakers in each party who get the most thorough intelligence briefing   Mr. Schumer knew Mr. Trump wasn t being probed. But Mr. Schumer  told the media that the president was under investigation. And, of course, that further helped feed media hysteria,  Mr. Grassley said. The minority leader even tried to say the Senate shouldn t vote on the Supreme Court nomination because the president was under investigation. And the whole time he knew it wasn t true,  Mr. Grassley said.He said Mr. Comey told him and Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, the ranking Democrat on his committee, about Mr. Trump being in the clear in March.Watch Grassley expose Democrat lawmakers and their lies to the American public:That s the same time Mr. Schumer was demanding a vote on Supreme Court Justice Neil M. Gorsuch be delayed, saying the president was under investigation.  Washington Times",0
10549,LORETTA LYNCH’S “Behavior” in 2016 Election To Be Investigated By Judiciary Committee [Video],"It s about time the Senate Judiciary Committee opened a probe into former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s efforts to shape the FBI s investigation into the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton! The committee s chairman announced the bipartisan probe on Friday:The committee sent a letter to Lynch asking her to tell in detail everything about her involvement in the FBI s investigation. They want to know whether she ever assured Clinton confidantes that the probe wouldn t  push too deeply into the matter.  This could get really good if they can get Lynch to squeal.THIS IS A BIPARTISAN EFFORT:SENATOR FEINSTEIN CALLED FOR AN INVESTIGATION IN EARLY JUNE: How shocking is it that liberal Senator Diane Feinstein is calling for a closer look at the possible collusion between Lynch and Comey:Dianne Feinstein calls on Congress to investigate whether Loretta Lynch pressured Comey to cover for Hillary Clinton s campaign.#ComeyGate pic.twitter.com/AMwQoQsMe0  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 11, 2017 Sen. Diane Feinstein (D-Calif.) said Sunday that Congress should investigate whether former Attorney General Loretta Lynch pressured former FBI Director James Comey to cover for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign. I think we need to know more about that,  Feinstein told host Brianna Keilar on CNN s  State of the Union. And there s only way to know about it, and that s to have the Judiciary Committee take a look at that,  Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said.Comey testified last Thursday that he felt  queasy  after Lynch asked him to characterize his probe into Clinton s emails as a  matter,  rather than an investigation. He told the Senate Intelligence Committee that such a request would match the wording of Clinton s campaign.Feinstein, who is a member of the Senate Intelligence panel, said she would ve also felt queasy. I would have a queasy feeling, too, though, to be candid with you,  the longtime Senate Democrat said.She added that an investigation separate from the ongoing probe into Russian interference in the election is needed. Read more: The Hill Former FBI Director Jim Comey said publicly that Ms. Lynch tried to change the way the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s emails was described. He also hinted at other behavior  which I cannot talk about yet . He was concerned about Lynch s ability to do her job without impartiality. Mr. Comey said that was one reason why he took it upon himself to buck Justice Department tradition and reveal his findings about Mrs. Clinton last year.If anyone had really looked into Lynch s background, they would know she s a big political hack. We were shocked that she was confirmed by the Senate. We felt like she was Eric Holder in a dress. Well, it turned out that we were correct in our assumptions.Read more: WT",0
10550,“TRIGGERED!” Black Woman Goes Berserk After Spotting Confederate Flag On ‘General Lee’ Car At Event: “This RACIST Car!” [Video],"A black woman went into a fit of rage after she spotted a Confederate Battle Flag on a car at a local festival. Ybia Anderson posted a video of herself confronting a man who brought his  Dukes of Hazzard  inspired  General Lee  car to the Highland Creek Heritage Festival. Here s what she said on her Facebook page:  At this racist-ass Highland Creek Heritage Festival where a car featuring two Confederate flags is being celebrated. This wannabe hillbilly is trying to  educate  me on the Civil War!!! Guess he doesn t realize his side lost!!!  The video is sideways but you ll get the point: Anderson shrieked:  This racist car has not one, but two Confederate flags on it.  The astonished owner of the car attempted to explain but Anderson was just interested in getting the car removed ASAP:  People who look exactly like me and my sons died, were murdered, because of that flag. It has no place here and it is the very first car people see when they walk in.  THE KICKER IN ALL THIS IS THAT IF YOU GO TO MS. ANDERSON S FACEBOOK PAGE, HERE S HER DEPLORABLE PROFILE PHOTO: How heartless is this? The woman who claimed to be so upset at a  racist  car thinks it s ok to make fun of a young white man who was murdered by the North Koreans Really?EVERYONE CAVED TO THIS SHRIEKING BULLY:Of course, the officials of the event caved immediately and gave an apology for having the  racist  car at the festival: Festival Chair Paul Maguire said,  We are very sorry that someone is hurt, it s a family event and there are hundred, thousands who came and had a lot of fun and nobody should be subjected to those triggering moments that just  bring back moments of the worst of human history. If there were a swastika here I would have known right away, that can t be here. Now I know the Confederate flag has the same status. Toronto Mayor John Tory had this pitiful statement to make:  The Confederate flag and what it was represented historically, and represents of a lot of people today, has no place in Toronto. ",0
10551,SHOULD SECRET SERVICE ARREST JOHNNY DEPP For Trump Assassination Comment After Court Docs Show Managers Say He ABUSED HIS WIFE?,"Apparently actor Johnny Depp didn t learn anything from the not-funny  comedian  Kathy Griffin s career-ending attempt at  humor  when she made a gruesome video using a decapitated and bloodied head of  President Trump.  Introducing his 2004 film The Libertine, about a 17th-century poet who notoriously drank himself to an early death, the 54-year-old chose to discuss American politics. I think [Donald] Trump needs help,  he said.  There are a lot of dark places he could go. Here s the video showing Depp s disgusting remarks about assassinating our President:Given Depp s documented history of a violent past and his most recent comments about  an actor  assassinating  a President ; perhaps a visit from the secret service is in order?The Daily Mail is now reporting that Depp s managers knew that the Hollywood actor had allegedly assaulted his ex-wife Amber Heard, court documents reveal.The documents allege that Depp s staff and security were aware he was  extremely volatile  and had  sometimes gotten physical  with his then-wife.His team also claim to have had direct knowledge of an incident where Depp allegedly violently kicked the actress in 2014.The revelations were included in court documents filed this week by Depp s former management group TMG.The Pirates of the Caribbean star is suing TMG for mismanaging his money.In the recent court documents, Depp s former management team claim the allegations of abuse at the hands of the actor are accurate, according to the Hollywood Gossip.The domestic violence allegations first surfaced when Depp and Heard were going through their messy divorce last year.During the high-profile divorce, Heard released a series of text messages   published by ET   that she had exchanged with Depp s assistant that referred to the alleged abuse.At the time, Depp publicly denied that the messages   which mentioned the 2014 kicking encounter   were real.In the recent court filing, TMG appears to confirm the authenticity of the messages. Depp and his long-time assistant publicly denied the messages and outrageously accused Heard of manufacturing them,  one filing states. TMG is informed and believes that Depp knew full well that the text messages were genuine, but pressured and berated his assistant to falsely challenge the texts publicly.  ",0
10552,“I’LL BE DAMNED”: Trey Gowdy Outraged That Someone Leaked Intel Chief’s Testimony [Video],"Trey Gowdy is ticked!  About eight hours ago, Adam Schiff and I looked Dan Coats in the eyes and we assured him that there would be no selective leaking of his testimony to us,  Gowdy told  Outfront  host Erin Burnett.  And I ll be damned if eight hours later, there aren t three different leaks with what he told us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvLM77MP2wgSeveral stories have emerged with reported details of the testimony given by Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats in a closed-door session before House investigators.Here s one from NBC:Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats tells House investigators Pres. Trump seemed obsessed with Russia probe https://t.co/v39fPksqlb pic.twitter.com/5pRPvRRYJQ  NBC News (@NBCNews) June 23, 2017Trey Gowdy   who sits on the House Intelligence Committee   sounded irate about the leaked testimony so soon after he and his Democratic counterpart on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) promised Coats that what he said in the session would not be made public.About eight hours ago, Adam Schiff and I looked Dan Coats in the eyes and we assured him that there would be no selective leaking of his testimony to us. And I ll be damned if eight hours later, there aren t three different leaks with what he told us.So if anyone is questioning why Congressional investigations aren t taken seriously, and are viewed as political exercises, you need to look no further than the fact that we looked one of our intelligence officials in the eyes and promised him there would be no selective leaking. And here I am being asked about it not even eight hours later.Gowdy believes the leaks could keep other witnesses from being forthcoming in closed-door sessions. You re going to have a chilling effect on other witnesses who want to share classified, sensitive information when it makes its way to the headlines before the transcript s even dry,  Gowdy said.The South Carolina Congressman was asked about whether President Donald Trump s firing of FBI Director James Comey constitutes obstruction of justice. Gowdy replied that he d leave that up to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Congress does not investigate crime,  Gowdy said.  We re not equipped to do it. We re not very good at it. ",0
10553,WOW! TEXAS MAN Pays For AWESOME Billboard Slamming ABC Over Fake Russia-Trump News Coverage,"Americans are sick and tired of being lied to by the media. This awesome patriot and business owner is making sure ABC gets the message!SAN ANTONIO   A Boerne man is making his voice heard loud and clear by renouncing ABC News and recent news coverage of President Donald Trump with a large billboard at I-10 and Buckskin Drive.It reads: ABC News: I grew up with you. We are through. The Russians didn t elect Donald Trump. I did. The billboard was paid for by Kyle Courtney, according to a spokesman with his company Wellstar Groundwater Technologies. Here s what the billboard looks like:Courtney released the following statement to SBG San Antonio. ABC News was the only channel I watched as a child growing up in Texas but I think they have lost touch with America and forgotten the working man. They don t represent our voice anymore. Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign was funded by the Clinton Foundation in close coordination with the media, and now we re seeing them try to fix what they couldn t fix during the election. They are doing everything they can, night after night, to create narratives and sway people s direction to impeach Donald Trump. Our democracy is at stake when a major political party and the media are in bed together. I m not asking anyone to boycott the Democratic party. I m not in the brainwashing business, but the liberal media is. The spokesman said the billboard went up today and will remain up for about two months. He also said Courtney is contemplating whether to keep it up longer and may change the message if it does stay up.According to PR Newswire, Courtney has been in the water well drilling business for more than 30 years and has drilled more than 600 wells in the San Antonio area.   New4SA",0
10554,WATCH: DID JOHNNY DEPP Just Make A Career-Ending Joke About Assassinating President Trump?,"Introducing his 2004 film The Libertine, about a 17th-century poet who notoriously drank himself to an early death, the 54-year-old chose to discuss American politics. I think [Donald] Trump needs help,  he said.  There are a lot of dark places he could go. I just woke up and you were so sweet and nice, were not even fighting this morning. All I did was say sorry. However, things go from bad to worse with Johnny appearing to threaten the 30-year-old star. You wanna see crazy?  he says. I ll give you f***ing crazy. Daily Star   In the wake of shocking leaked footage and pictures, Eric Schiffer, CEO of ReputationManagementConsultants.com, explained that Johnny would have to play his cards carefully if he wanted to emerge with any semblance of a career. When you look at Johnny s audience, the damage to credibility is catastrophic. This is a legendary movie star who has fallen into complete madness   and everyone can see it,  he told Daily Star Online, exclusively. As for the videos   this is insane asylum behaviour, he is clearly extremely ill and needs help. Did Johnny Depp really think making a  joke  about assassinating our President would help his lackluster career? ",0
10555,NERVOUS NANCY: Pelosi Gives Incoherent Response To Trump’s Saying Her Being Dem Leader Helps GOP,"A nervous Nancy Pelosi responded Thursday to criticism from Democratic colleagues asking her to step down from her leadership post and President Donald Trump s subsequent tweet mocking her for helping Republicans politically.Some Republican members have said that it would be good for their party if Pelosi remains the top Democrat in the House. These remarks followed heavy criticism from Democratic lawmakers of Pelosi s leadership following Tuesday s special election losses in Georgia and South Carolina.Many within the Democratic party are calling for new leadership In other words, Nancy needs to go ASAP!President Trump went on Twitter to mockingly signal his support for the Pelosi:Conservatives like former speaker Newt Gingrich have been saying they hope Nancy Pelosi stays on as Minority Leader of the House She s good for the Republican Party. She s definitely on the hot seat right now but in true Pelosi fashion, she s oblivious to the reality that it s time to go. She even said she s a  master legislator Um, no Check out the transcript of her comments at the press conference: So, you want me to sing my praises? Is that what you re saying? Why should I? Well, I m a   uh   um   master legislator, I am a, uh, strategic, politically astute leader, I am a   uh, uh, my, uh, uh   my leadership is recognized by many around the country and that is why I m able to attract the support that I do, which is essential to our elections, sad to say. I m very pleased at the cooperation we re doing working with all the, um, social media and small donor community to change how we communicate but also how we attract resources, intellectual and financial, uh, to the party. I have experience in winning the congress. When people said to us in  05,  you don t have a chance, be ready for a, uh, permanent Republican majority , I said, Harry Reid and I said,  we don t accept that , so we proceeded, we took the president from 58 to 38, president Bush won the election. But the fact is, they will always make a target. Senator Reid was a target, Senator Daschle was a target, Tip O Neill was a target, I am a target, and they always want to choose our leaders, and usually they go after the most effective leaders because they want to take us   diminish us   uh   the opportunity that we have. We have a Democratic caucus where members participate in the decisions and right now, the members are putting together our messaging as we go forward. I could have written something down on the page and said,  this is what I think , but we don t do things that way, we listen to members, we re very proud of our, uh, policy and communications committee. Yikes!!!!",0
10556,TUCKER CARLSON: How The Left Ruined My Alma Mater [Video],"Tucker Carlson and Jesse Waters both went to Trinity College Who knew! Carlson discussed the downfall of his college from a good college to a leftist indoctrination center Unreal! Please see our latest report on the professor who said  let them f*cking die THE PROFESSOR WHO S BEEN A TRINITY FOR 20 YEARS SPEWING HATE SPEECH  A Connecticut college professor has created a firestorm for calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  following last week s shooting attack on congressional Republicans. Professor Johnny Eric Williams is a sociology professor! Who wants to send their child to Trinity College at $61,000 a year to have this jackwagon teach them? This is exactly how college kids are indoctrinated into hating their own race. This is sick and twisted!Trinity College s Johnny Eric Williams  social media feed (his twitter feed is now set on private) after the June 14 shooting of Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise included racial tirades and commentary calling on minorities to  confront  white people and  end this now,  a reference to an alleged system of  white supremacy. It is past time for the racially oppressed to do what people who believe themselves to be  white  will not do, put end to the vectors of their destructive mythology of whiteness and their white supremacy system. #LetThemF ingDie,  the associate professor of sociology said June 18 in a series of Facebook posts. The time is now to confront these inhuman assholes and end this now. The educational watchdog Campus Reform and The Blaze both reached out to the professor for comment Tuesday to no avail. Trinity College offered no statement regarding the professor s action. Instead, the Hartford institution reiterated its right on Facebook to  remove comments that are deemed inappropriate, profane, defamatory, or disrespectful to users of the page and/or members of the greater Trinity College community.  Mr. Williams  Facebook page also featured an anonymous article on Medium accusing Mr. Scalise of being a racist and  one of the most anti-LGBTQ politicians in Washington. If you see [white people] drowning. If you see them in a burning building. If they are bleeding out in an emergency room. If the ground is crumbling beneath them. If they are in a park and they turn their weapons on each other: do nothing,  a June 16 article by  Son of Baldwin  says.  Let. Them. F-ing. Die. And smile a bit when you do. We included the link to Mr. Willians  Facebook page but it appears as though he s set his page on private. He is in groups like Black Lives Matter on Facebook we re not surprised by that!Read more: Campus Reform",0
10557,DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ Accuses Obama’s DHS Director Jeh Johnson of Lying Under Oath [Video],"Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz dropped a big bomb during an interview on CNN today. She claimed that Jeh Johnson s  testimony about the DNC computer hack is  wrong in every respect  and  utterly misinformed.  Whoa! Who s telling the truth?Schultz told the CNN anchor  He s wrong in every respect. Let me be very clear. At no point during my tenure at the DNC was I contacted by the FBI, DHS, or any government agency, or alerted or made aware that they believed that the Russians, an enemy state, was intruding on our network. In case you missed it, former DHS Director Jeh Johnson testified to lawmakers this week that the DNC rejected his agency s offer to protect its network despite receiving warnings about a computer hack. Instead, the DNC chose an outside cyber security firm to help solve the computer hacks that led to WikiLeaks publishing thousands of its emails.CNN s Bolduan asked Schultz how both accounts could be true:  Secretary Johnson says DNC rebuffed the help offered. You are saying no one contacted you? Schultz replied with a shocking statement:  Secretary Johnson is utterly misinformed. That is simply not accurate. Schultz went further and blamed the FBI for not helping: They left the Russians on our network for more than for almost a year before we discovered that they were there. ",0
10558,PRICELESS! SEN CHUCK SCHUMER’S Childish Stunt To Bash Senate Healthcare Bill Backfires [Video],"This is hysterical! Senator Chuck Schumer can t even get a stunt right! He held a press conference to bash the Senate s healthcare bill and tried to pull a childish stunt. He had someone place a sign with the word  mean  on it and then took out a sharpie and added the letters  E-R . The only problem is that you couldn t see the added letters AT ALL! He had to go back and try to fill it in STILL COULDN T SEE IT! Priceless! .@SenSchumer adds letters ""E-R"" to poster board next to him. ""The Senate version of #TrumpCare is even meaner than the House bill."" pic.twitter.com/u7r7l1sKyR  CSPAN (@cspan) June 22, 2017 How childish that Schumer is fear mongering by calling the Senate healthcare bill  meaner  than the House bill. If being fiscally responsible with taxpayer dollars while trying to fix the disaster that is Obamacare is meaner then so be it. Someone needs to be the adult in the room and stop the madness and government waste that was happening during the Obama years. The Democrats just don t understand that the American people GET IT and are sick of the fear mongering from Democrats. We can also do without the class warfare from the Dems! People from all walks of life have figured out what the Democrats are all about. Schumer needs to get a clue!",0
10559,MSNBC HOST Compares Getting Close to Trump to ‘Hugging a Suicide Bomber’ [Video],"President Trump came out today and said he doesn t have tapes of former FBI Director James Comey but that the possibility of someone else taping the conversation is there. The lefty media went nuts and claimed that Trump lied. The political analyst on MSNBC even compared President Trump to a suicide bomber. Oh, the drama from these liberal news analysts!Elise Jordan CALLS HERSELF A POLITICAL ANALYST BUT WE THINK SHE S MORE LIKE A POLITICAL HACK!MSNBC s Craig Melvin and Jordan were discussing Trump s tweet on Thursday saying he has no recordings of his private conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. Trump had previously suggested such tapes may exist.MELVIN COMMENTED:  Earlier in the broadcast I said bluff. I said the president was bluffing. I may have been perhaps too fair. It would seem as if the president may have been lying all along about the existence of these tapes. JORDAN REPLIED:  He wasted the country s collective time speculating over whether these tapes existed or not. It s a sad day when you cannot depend on the president s word. My advice would just be to Republicans who do cozy up to him it s just like hugging a suicide bomber. He blows you up in the process with him. MELVIN REPLIED:  That s a little strong ",0
10560,TREY GOWDY ON CROOKED DNC: ‘There May Be Something The DNC Didn’t Want Law Enforcement to See In Hacked Server [Video],"Rep. Trey Gowdy was full of sarcasm (rightfully so) during comments about why the DNC didn t turn over its hacked computer server to authorities. The puzzling thing that raised red flags is that the organization said it never received federal assistance causing people to question whether the DNC had something it  didn t want law enforcement to see. Congressman Gowdy spoke with FOX News  Martha MacCallum about why the DNC did not turn over its server to the DHS or FBI officials who could have helped to prevent future hackings:The DNC was hacked during the 2016 election and  emails were published by WikiLeaks. JKeh Johnson, former DHS Secretary, testified yesterday that the DNC didn t need help after the hacks.Then this shocker after Johnson s testimony,  Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that while she was chair of the DNC, she was never contacted by any federal agency, including DHS and the FBI, about the hack.Gowdy goes on to refer to his career as a prosecutor by implying that it appeared as though the DNC had something to hide: Let me hazard a wild guess: that there may be something else on that server they didn t want law enforcement to see?    Trey Gowdy",0
10561,CUOMO OUTRAGED That Iowans Cheered When Trump Said He Doesn’t Want A Poor Person As Commerce Secretary,"CNN s Chris Cuomo freaked out at President Donald Trump s comment during a speech in Iowa that he didn t want  a poor person  in economic Cabinet positions. He said he couldn t believe Trump supporters would applaud this comment. Chris Cuomo s faux outrage is hysterical!Cuomo called the audience  apparently blue collar How does he know this audience isn t full of people from all backgrounds?Cuomo commented:  I guess, if you are not rich, you can t understand economics. You can t be smart enough to make a difference if you re poor, because that s probably why you re poor, right? Isn t that the point he s making? Note the lingo used by the panel clearly disturbed by what Trump said tribalism, populism Apparently, Chris Cuomo failed common sense 101 Wouldn t it be better to hire a Cabinet full of successful people? President Trump filled his Cabinet positions with the MOST qualified people without regard for politics. The CNN panel must be confused when they refer to  the swamp  because President Trump overwhelmingly chose people for positions from outside of politics.  The swamp  is the DC elite!Way to go CNN! You re still stupid!",0
10562,CHRIS MATTHEWS CONFUSED About Georgia Election Loss: “I don’t know what the h*ll he was selling” [Video],"MSNBC s Chris Matthews definitely didn t get a tingle up his leg when it came to Democrat Jon Ossoff. Turns out he s confused over what Ossoff was  selling  Matthews said about Ossoff: I don t know what the hell he was selling. He wasn t selling much. Ossoff lost a race that was the most expensive House election ever to Republican Karen Handel on Tuesday night in a race Democrats hoped to turn blue as a sign of national discontent with President Donald Trump. Outside donors from liberal states like California, spent big bucks to win this seat. Donations totaled a whopping $50 million1Ossoff s loss has prompted much soul searching from Democrats, including the left-leaning Matthews.Introducing his panel, Matthews discussed the race, saying that he wasn t even really sure what Ossoff was running on. It seems to me that there was a lot of progressive hype about a guy who wasn t running as a progressive, which is another interesting twist to this,  Matthews said.  He was running on basically, let s get together and be normal or something. I don t know what the hell he was selling. He wasn t selling much,  he said.Further on in the discussion, Matthews made fun of his panelists for the rapidly changing narrative pushed by Democrats in the wake of yet another Democratic defeat. If it went for Ossoff, you would be jumping up and down, saying how great a victory it was, right? Come on, you re smiling. I know you re smiling. I know how people play politics. If you lose,  oh, no, big thing.  if you win,  yay!  I mean, which is it?  Matthews asked.Wow! What an ASS! He s treating his guests with such a condescending tone.",0
10563,COLLEGE PROF Creates Firestorm: Calls White People “Inhuman a-holes”…”Let Them F*cking Die”,"A Connecticut college professor has created a firestorm for calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  following last week s shooting attack on congressional Republicans. Professor Johnny Eric Williams is a sociology professor! Who wants to send their child to Trinity College at $61,000 a year to have this jackwagon teach them? This is exactly how college kids are indoctrinated into hating their own race. This is sick and twisted!Trinity College s Johnny Eric Williams  social media feed (his twitter feed is now set on private) after the June 14 shooting of Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise included racial tirades and commentary calling on minorities to  confront  white people and  end this now,  a reference to an alleged system of  white supremacy. It is past time for the racially oppressed to do what people who believe themselves to be  white  will not do, put end to the vectors of their destructive mythology of whiteness and their white supremacy system. #LetThemF ingDie,  the associate professor of sociology said June 18 in a series of Facebook posts. The time is now to confront these inhuman assholes and end this now. The educational watchdog Campus Reform and The Blaze both reached out to the professor for comment Tuesday to no avail. Trinity College offered no statement regarding the professor s action. Instead, the Hartford institution reiterated its right on Facebook to  remove comments that are deemed inappropriate, profane, defamatory, or disrespectful to users of the page and/or members of the greater Trinity College community.  Mr. Williams  Facebook page also featured an anonymous article on Medium accusing Mr. Scalise of being a racist and  one of the most anti-LGBTQ politicians in Washington. If you see [white people] drowning. If you see them in a burning building. If they are bleeding out in an emergency room. If the ground is crumbling beneath them. If they are in a park and they turn their weapons on each other: do nothing,  a June 16 article by  Son of Baldwin  says.  Let. Them. F-ing. Die. And smile a bit when you do. We included the link to Mr. Willians  Facebook page but it appears as though he s set his page on private. He is in groups like Black Lives Matter on Facebook we re not surprised by that!Read more: Campus Reform",0
10564,SOCIAL MEDIA ERUPTS Over Awkward Photo Of Marco Rubio Attempting To Hug Ivanka Trump…Rubio’s Responses Are HILARIOUS!,"Sometimes all you can do is surrender to Twitter.Florida Sen. Marco Rubio probably started out his day Tuesday thinking about paid family leave, child care tax credits and other deep issues. But when Twitter went wild over an awkward photo of him leaning in for a hug with Ivanka Trump when she arrived for a Capitol Hill meeting, Rubio was smart enough to play along.The photo, taken by an Associated Press congressional reporter with an iPhone, appears to show Trump declining to hug Rubio back as the two greet one another just outside the Capitol.Twitter users dissected the seemingly awkward moment endlessly. They compared Rubio to Ralph Wiggum from  The Simpsons  when he doesn t get a Valentine s Day card, and to Dr. Evil from  Austin Powers  asking his son for a hug.  NYPMarco Rubio responded to critics on Twitter by mocking the  awkward hug  in a series of hilarious tweets. Enjoy!Just left Intel comm & informed meeting 2day with @IvankaTrump blowing up twitter over alleged failed hug! Investigating. Will respond soon  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017We believe we have our own unclassified photographic evidence that will shed greater details on this incident.  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017We are also attempting to acquire multi-angle video which we believe will provide greater insight into this important matter.  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017If you were filming at the Senate carriage entrance today between 11:20-11:25 am we are seeking your assistance with an active investigation  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017Based on review of evidence & my own recollection, have concluded no hug was even attempted & press covfefe of alleged failed hug is false  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017BREAKING NEWS: Additional photo from moments right after today's alleged failed hug provide new details to this developing story. pic.twitter.com/TFyhB2cQuM  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017New photo emerges providing more insight into alleged failed hug. (Faces blurred for security purposes) pic.twitter.com/GzSLe3JD3I  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 20, 2017Even Ivanka joined in on the fun on Twitter telling followers that  Marco is an excellent hugger  and that the story that he s an awkward hugger that was making the rounds on social media was  Fake news! Fake news! Marco is an excellent hugger  https://t.co/Dk7XXRQlX8  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 20, 2017Ivanka took it a step further with her next tweet where she used phrases like  anonymous sources  and talked about the  planned  and  alleged  hug to which she had  no comment . Ivanka was clearly taking a swipe at the media who regularly uses words like  anonymous sources  and  alleged  in their  fake news  hit pieces on her father.Anonymous sources say @marcorubio planned the alleged failed hug. I have no comment (but I would have hugged him anyway!  ) https://t.co/TChrqWsL4D  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 20, 2017",0
10565,HYSTERICAL! RACHEL MADDOW Claims Rain Kept Only Democrats From Voting In Georgia Election,"Rachel Maddow is hysterical in the video below   She claims that Democrats didn t vote because it rained. So does it just rain on Democrats and NOT Republicans?Maddow has a history of idiocy!KAREN HANDEL WON A HARD FOUGHT RACE IN GEORGIA S 6TH DISTRICT:Karen Handel won a hard fought Congressional seat in Georgia s 6th district. The Democrats poured 50 Million dollars into Jon Ossoff s campaign making it the most expensive Congressional race ever! Handel spoke and thanked President Trump the crowd went nuts and chanted Trump, Trump, Trump!Congratulations Karen Handel. Love the #GA06 chant! pic.twitter.com/VaH3RvmiM0  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) June 21, 2017LONG FACES AT CNN AFTER KAREN HANDEL WINS!PRICELESS  .. Liberal Tears  CNN IS ISIS  #GA06 #Handel   #Ossoff   pic.twitter.com/cGQdKK0TqS   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) June 21, 2017ONE OF THE BIGGEST ISSUES WAS THAT OSSOFF DIDN T LIVE IN THE DISTRICT: Democrat Jon Ossoff said Tuesday that he believes voters in Georgia s sixth congressional district do not care that he does not live in the district he is running to represent, dismissing questions on his residency. Well, he did work for Georgia Rep. Hank Johnson for 5 years Johnson famously said the island of Guam would tip over but was reelected anyway. Details, meh Ossoff s residency has been a persistent problem for him during his special election campaign to fill Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price s vacant House seat.",0
10566,CNN ANCHOR DON LEMON: A Republican Winning in Georgia ‘Shouldn’t Be Breaking News’ [Video],"CNN anchor Don Lemon got snarky during reporting on Republican Karen Handel s win in Georgia s 6th District. He made a claim that this is pretty much no big deal. That s funny The Democrats spent 50 million dollars and went all in on this election but are now downplaying or making excuses for the loss. Lemon should do his homework: Donald Trump won the 6th District by slim margins in the 2016 election. This was a HUGE win for Republicans!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hRJS0QWecILemon said,  What s interesting is that, breaking news, a Republican wins in Georgia, it shouldn t be breaking news. This is the way it should happen. But the fact, David, that it was so close, at least it appeared in the polling and in the results, as well. The results are actually really close. He then asked,  What does this say about the state of affairs, especially the Trump   is there a mandate for Donald Trump? Will he keep his support? Will it stay the same? Are Democrats looking at this as necessarily a loss, or they got close and maybe there s hope for them in the midterms? THE DEMOCRAT DELUSION CONTINUES ",0
10567,"IT’S A WIN! Karen #Handel Beats Democrat…Crowd Chants “Trump, Trump, Trump!” [Video]","Karen Handel won a hard fought Congressional seat in Georgia s 6th district. The Democrats poured 50 Million dollars into Jon Ossoff s campaign making it the most expensive Congressional race ever! Handel spoke and thanked President Trump the crowd went nuts and chanted Trump, Trump, Trump!Congratulations Karen Handel. Love the #GA06 chant! pic.twitter.com/VaH3RvmiM0  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) June 21, 2017 LONG FACES AT CNN AFTER KAREN HANDEL WINS!PRICELESS  .. Liberal Tears  CNN IS ISIS  #GA06 #Handel   #Ossoff   pic.twitter.com/cGQdKK0TqS   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) June 21, 2017 ONE OF THE BIGGEST ISSUES WAS THAT OSSOFF DIDN T LIVE IN THE DISTRICT: Democrat Jon Ossoff said Tuesday that he believes voters in Georgia s sixth congressional district do not care that he does not live in the district he is running to represent, dismissing questions on his residency. Well, he did work for Georgia Rep. Hank Johnson for 5 years Johnson famously said the island of Guam would tip over but was reelected anyway. Details, meh Ossoff s residency has been a persistent problem for him during his special election campaign to fill Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price s vacant House seat.OSSOFF SAID HE  LIVES DOWN THE STREET  BUT IT TOOK A WASHINGTON FREE BEACON REPORTER OVER 2 HOURS TO WALK FROM OSSOFF S HOUSE TO THE 6TH DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS!The Georgia Democrat lives a two-hour walk away from the sixth district, so that his fianc e can walk to her medical school classes.The question of where he lives came up again when Ossoff appeared on MSNBC. Host Stephanie Ruhle asked why, in such a close race, Ossoff has not made a greater effort to address his residency outside of the district. Voters just aren t asking me this question,  Ossoff responded. Folks here in Georgia s sixth district care about how their representation is going to impact their daily lives,  he added.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9M5h99tq9c I grew up in this community. As you mentioned, I live a couple of miles down the road to support my fianc e while she finishes medical school,  Ossoff said.  I m running to serve my home town in Congress, and I want to make them proud. Ruhle pushed Ossoff on why he would not address the issue in such a tight race. Since the special election, where you were at 48.1 [percent], things have only moved to 48.8, with 50 million bucks under your belt. Voters care about a lot. If you look back on this and things are that tight, wouldn t you say to yourself, just get an apartment in the district?  Ruhle asked. If voters were raising that as a serious concern, Steph, maybe I would,  Ossoff said. But voters care about how policy and about how representation is going to impact their daily lives,  he continued.  They know I grew up in this community. They know I grew up in the sixth district. They know why I m a couple of miles south of the line. It s just not a major issue in the race. Because he lives outside of the district, Ossoff cannot vote for himself on Tuesday in his congressional bid against Republican Karen Handel.Via: WFB",0
10568,"OBAMA’S GUN-RUNNING, Lying, Race-Baiting AG Is BACK…And You’ll Never Guess Whose Job He’s Reportedly Hoping To Take In 2020 [VIDEO]","Please please please let it be a 3-way race between Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren and Eric Holder!Former Attorney General Eric Holder spoke in Los Angeles on Monday to promote a bill that some observers say would make California a  sanctuary state,  an appearance that he says is the start of a new phase of his career in which he plans to reenter the world of politics. Up to now, I have been more behind-the-scenes,  Holder told Yahoo News in a new interview published Tuesday, describing his plans.  But that s about to change. Holder, who served as former President Barack Obama s first attorney general, indicated that his goal is to head the legal resistance to President Donald Trump s agenda. But that may just be the tip of the iceberg.Three sources who have spoken to Holder and are familiar with his thinking told Yahoo that he may consider challenging Trump in 2020 for the White House. Now is the time to be more visible,  Holder said.  Now is the time to be heard. I have a certain status as the former attorney general. A certain familiarity as the first African-American attorney general. There s a justified perception that I m close to President Obama,  Holder added.  So I want to use whatever skills I have, whatever notoriety I have, to be effective in opposing things that are, at the end of the day, just bad for the country. Holder was getting paid $25,000 per month to serve as outside counsel to the heavily-Democratic California state legislature to counter the Trump administration. The legislation he supported Monday would prevent state police from helping to enforce immigration law, and Holder traveled across the country to promote it.  WFBEric Holder was one of the most controversial AG s in the history of the United States. He spent most of his first term under investigation while serving as Obama s Attorney General. He was the key figure in the Fast and Furious gun-running scandal with Mexico, and in 2012 Congress voted to hold him in contempt for not turning over documents on the Fast and Furious  gun-walking  scandal. He was also involved in the IRS scandal that targeted conservatives and conservative leaning organizations.Holder also was instrumental in fanning the flames of the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, Florida. While he was acting as our nation s Attorney General, he was caught by Judicial Watch spending our taxpayer dollars to deploy a little-known unit of the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Community Relations Service (CRS)  to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman. Holder was also present in Ferguson where he did absolutely nothing to stop the rioting and chaos.Watch FOX News  Sean Hannity expose Obama s lying AG when asked about Fast n  Furious while under oath:Here s proof that Eric Holder was lying:",0
10569,WHOA! HEATHER NAUERT Gets Into Testy Exchange With Snarky Media At State Department Over Otto Warmbier’s Death [Video],"What in the world is wrong with these press people at the State Department! Is the guy asking the question really serious when he asks the most idiotic question about the timing of the announcements over the release and then death of Otto Warmbier. We wish we knew the name of the jackhole reporter who asked the question! Listen to this condescending jerk:THE STATE DEPARTMENT did release a statement when Warmbier was released and when he passed away. So the question is just the nasty press being nasty.UPON HIS RELEASE   PRESS STATEMENT:Press Statement Rex W. Tillerson Secretary of State Washington, DC June 13, 2017At the direction of the President, the Department of State has secured the release of Otto Warmbier from North Korea. Mr. Warmbier is en route to the United States, where he will be reunited with his family. The Department of State continues to have discussions with the DPRK regarding three other U.S. citizens reported detained.Out of respect for the privacy of Mr. Warmbier and his family, we have no further comment on Mr. Warmbier.UPON HIS PASSING   PRESS STATEMENT:Press Statement Rex W. Tillerson Secretary of State Washington, DC June 19, 2017Today we received with deep sadness the news that Otto Warmbier has passed away.On behalf of the entire State Department and the United States government, I extend my condolences to the Warmbier family, and offer my prayers as they enter a time of grief no parent should ever know.We hold North Korea accountable for Otto Warmbier s unjust imprisonment, and demand the release of three other Americans who have been illegally detained.WOULDN Y A BETTER QUESTION HAVE BEEN WHY OBAMA DID NOTHING TO HELP WITH THE RELEASE OF WARMBIER?",0
10570,REPORT: “TOXIC” MEGYN KELLY Just Got Bad News From FOX News After Disastrous Start At NBC,"Hello Megyn Kelly! Time for a little karma! Word on the street is that Megyn Kelly will not be  welcomed back  at FOX News even if she comes crawling back from NBC.She s had a rocky start at NBC with her Putin interview and now with the much-hyped Alex Jones interview. You d think the controversy surrounding her contentious interview with Jones would pump up the ratings but it didn t. Perhaps it s because she s become so unlikeable on camera with her snarky questioning and cold as ice demeanor.Even if she comes calling at FOX, it s a no go according to Breitbart news: After Kelly s controversial and much-hyped interview with Alex Jones tanked by again failing to beat out reruns of 60 Minutes and America s Funniest Home Videos, New York radio host Mark Simone tweeted on Monday that NBC is trying to unload Kelly and convince Fox News to take her back.But a high-ranking Fox News source told Breitbart News that there is  no way  Kelly could come back to the network. Quite simply, the source told Breitbart News, Kelly  would not be welcomed back.  Simone also suggested that if Kelly becomes more toxic and her ratings tank even more,  NBC will have to take her off the network,  and  if they are stuck with her, they ll give her an MSNBC show.  Before she bolted to NBC, Kelly anchored The Kelly File on Fox News. During the 2016 election cycle, Kelly won praise from mainstream media journalists when she tried to undercut Donald Trump during the first Republican presidential debate in August of 2015 in Cleveland, Ohio. She also gave  Never Trumpers  a forum on her primetime show to constantly slam Trump throughout the election cycle.And as the Daily Beast s Lloyd Grove noted, Kelly also  hastened Roger Ailes  forced resignation last July with her fateful decision to recount his misconduct to a team of lawyers hired by 21st Century Fox to investigate allegations made in the sexual harassment and retaliation lawsuit filed by Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson.  New York magazine s Gabriel Sherman reported that Kelly  told investigators that Ailes made unwanted sexual advances toward her about ten years ago when she was a young correspondent at Fox. As Grove pointed out, Kelly, in her book, said there was some  poetic justice  in the role she played in helping boot Ailes out of Fox News. I worked my tail off  I established myself as a serious person,  Kelly wrote.  I built my own power. And when the allegations against Roger hit, I used it. Perhaps there is some poetic justice in that. NBC reportedly invested nearly $20 million a year to bring Kelly to the network, and NBC s investment has not paid any dividends at all. After her interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Kelly was mocked for being way out of her league. And when HuffPost obtained the full unedited interview in which a  nervous  Kelly lobbed Putin  softballs,  Kelly was subjected to another round of criticism.Her interview with Jones did not have any news value and may have damaged NBC s and her reputation more than it helped.You know what they say about KARMA it s a B*tch!Read more: Breitbart News",0
10571,WOW! TRUMP UNDERESTIMATED ILLEGAL VOTE: New Study Shows Up to 5.7 Million NON-CITIZENS Voted ILLEGALLY In 2008 Obama Election [VIDEO],"President Trump was lambasted by Democrats and their allies in the media when he suggested that up to 3 million illegal aliens likely voted in the 2016 elections.FAKE fact checker SNOPES was quick to discredit his claim without any evidence. They even went as far as to say that cases of voter fraud were extremely rare:FAKE fact checker Politifact gave President Trump s claim of voter fraud a  pants on fire  rating:Fox and Friends host Ainsley Earhardt delivered the disturbing news to viewers this morning that an independent group has claimed up to 5.7 million illegal aliens voted in the 2008 election that gave us President Barack Hussein Obama:As many as 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election, report finds pic.twitter.com/aPfq8MYuSA  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 20, 2017A research group in New Jersey has taken a fresh look at postelection polling data and concluded that the number of noncitizens voting illegally in U.S. elections is likely far greater than previous estimates.Watch:Just Facts  conclusions confront both sides in the illegal voting debate: those who say it happens a lot and those who say the problem nonexistent.In one camp, there are groundbreaking studies by professors at Old Dominion University in Virginia who attempted to compile scientifically derived illegal voting numbers using the Harvard data, called the Cooperative Congressional Election Study.On the other side are the professors who conducted the study and contended that  zero  noncitizens of about 18 million adults in the U.S. voted. The liberal mainstream media adopted this position and proclaimed the Old Dominion work was  debunked. The ODU professors, who stand by their work in the face of attacks from the left, concluded that in 2008 as few as 38,000 and as many as 2.8 million noncitizens voted.Mr. Agresti s analysis of the same polling data settled on much higher numbers. He estimated that as many as 7.9 million noncitizens were illegally registered that year and 594,000 to 5.7 million voted.These numbers are more in line with the unverified estimates given by President Trump, who said the number of ballots cast by noncitizens was the reason he lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton.Last month, the president signed an executive order setting up a commission to try to find on-the-ground truth in illegal voting. Headed by Vice President Mike Pence, the panel also will look at outdated voter lists across the nation with names of dead people and multiple registrants.For 2012, Just Facts said, 3.2 million to 5.6 million noncitizens were registered to vote and 1.2 million to 3.6 million of them voted.Mr. Agresti lays out his reasoning in a series of complicated calculations, which he compares to U.S. Census Bureau figures for noncitizen residents. Polls show noncitizens vote overwhelmingly Democratic.For entire story: Washington Times",0
10572,DEM CANDIDATE #JonOssoff CAN’T EVEN VOTE In District He’s Running In…Lies About Where He Lives [Video],"Democrat Jon Ossoff said Tuesday that he believes voters in Georgia s sixth congressional district do not care that he does not live in the district he is running to represent, dismissing questions on his residency. Well, he did work for Georgia Rep. Hank Johnson for 5 years Johnson famously said the island of Guam would tip over but was reelected anyway. Details, meh Ossoff s residency has been a persistent problem for him during his special election campaign to fill Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price s vacant House seat.OSSOFF SAID HE  LIVES DOWN THE STREET  BUT IT TOOK A WASHINGTON FREE BEACON REPORTER OVER 2 HOURS TO WALK FROM OSSOFF S HOUSE TO THE 6TH DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS!The Georgia Democrat lives a two-hour walk away from the sixth district, so that his fianc e can walk to her medical school classes.The question of where he lives came up again when Ossoff appeared on MSNBC. Host Stephanie Ruhle asked why, in such a close race, Ossoff has not made a greater effort to address his residency outside of the district. Voters just aren t asking me this question,  Ossoff responded. Folks here in Georgia s sixth district care about how their representation is going to impact their daily lives,  he added.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9M5h99tq9c I grew up in this community. As you mentioned, I live a couple of miles down the road to support my fianc e while she finishes medical school,  Ossoff said.  I m running to serve my home town in Congress, and I want to make them proud. Ruhle pushed Ossoff on why he would not address the issue in such a tight race. Since the special election, where you were at 48.1 [percent], things have only moved to 48.8, with 50 million bucks under your belt. Voters care about a lot. If you look back on this and things are that tight, wouldn t you say to yourself, just get an apartment in the district?  Ruhle asked. If voters were raising that as a serious concern, Steph, maybe I would,  Ossoff said. But voters care about how policy and about how representation is going to impact their daily lives,  he continued.  They know I grew up in this community. They know I grew up in the sixth district. They know why I m a couple of miles south of the line. It s just not a major issue in the race. Because he lives outside of the district, Ossoff cannot vote for himself on Tuesday in his congressional bid against Republican Karen Handel.Via: WFB",0
10573,FORD’S NEW CEO SNUBS President Trump…Will Build Focus In China…Export To U.S.,"Ford will export the next-generation Focus compact car from China to North America in 2019, rather than from Mexico as earlier planned, saving the company $500 million, a top executive said on Tuesday.It is the first major manufacturing investment decision made by new Chief Executive Officer Jim Hackett, who succeeded Mark Fields in late May.Discussion about the small-car production shift from Mexico to China began  a couple months ago  under Fields, said Joe Hinrichs, president of global operations.In January, after U.S. President Donald Trump criticized Ford for shipping small-car manufacturing to Mexico, Ford said it would kill plans to build a $1.8-billion Focus plant in San Luis Potosi and instead produce the new Focus at an existing plant in Hermosillo.Although it is cheaper to build and ship cars to the United States from Mexico than China,  this was not a variable cost decision,  Hinrichs said in a Tuesday morning briefing. It allows us to free up a lot of capital  because Ford now has to retool only one plant   the existing Focus factory in Chongqing   rather than two to supply North America.Given dwindling overall U.S. demand for small cars such as the Focus,  we thought this was the best balance of that cost/capital tradeoff,  Hinrichs said.He said Ford planned to inform the White House Tuesday.Asked if Ford was concerned about having to pay a border tax, as Trump has threatened on vehicle imports from Mexico, Hinrichs said  the capital saving outweighs the risk  of a potential tax on the Chinese-built Focus.Ford stock fell 0.8 percent at $11.15.  Daily MailHow do you feel about Ford s decision to move manufacturing over to China? Let us know in the comment section below. ",0
10574,NSC WILL NOT Fulfill Subpoena Request For Susan Rice Unmasking Documents…Records Moved To Obama Library…Presidential Records Act Keeps Them Hidden From Public For 5 Years [VIDEO],"Judicial Watch today announced that the National Security Council (NSC) on May 23, 2017, informed it by letter that the materials regarding the unmasking by Obama National Security Advisor Susan Rice of  the identities of any U.S. citizens associated with the Trump presidential campaign or transition team  have been removed to the Obama Library.The NSC will not fulfill an April 4 Judicial Watch request for records regarding information relating to people  who were identified pursuant to intelligence collection activities. The agency also informed Judicial Watch that it would not turn over communications with any Intelligence Community member or agency concerning the alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election; the hacking of DNC computers; or the suspected communications between Russia and Trump campaign/transition officials. Specifically, the NSC told JudicialWatch: ",0
10575,TUCKER CARLSON UNLOADS On Dem Strategist Who Posted #HuntRepublicanCongressmen Day After Republicans Shot By Bernie Sanders Supporter: “You’re an unbalanced person” [VIDEO],"Tucker Carlson debated a New Jersey Democratic operative who tweeted an insensitive message after the shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.). We are in a war with selfish, foolish, foolish & narcissistic rich people. Why is it a shock when things turn violent? #HuntRepublicanCongressmen,  James Devine tweeted on June 14.Here s the actual tweet:We are in a war with selfish, foolish & narcissistic rich people. Why is it a shock when things turn violent? #HuntRepublicanCongressmen  James Devine (@James_J_Devine) June 14, 2017Devine, a previous candidate for mayor of Rahway, N.J., said he does not condone violence but is instead pointing out what he considered hypocrisy.Devine said the left has to stand up after years of violent Republican rhetoric, saying  you have to fight fire with fire. A guy just went and tried to assassinate Republican members of Congress,  Carlson said.  You re an unbalanced person. Watch the heated exchange here:For entire story: FOX Insider",0
10576,RATINGS FOR NBC’S Backstabbing Megyn Kelly Are In…The Anti-Trump Left May Love Her…But Do Viewers?,"Last week, Alex Jones scooped NBC and Megyn Kelly with a secretly recorded conversation he had with Kelly, where she begged him to agree to allow her interview him. Kelly can be heard offering her assurances that she would never disparage him.The controversial Infowars host released the contents of their conversation   which he claims to have recorded   on his website Thursday night. Jones even released a teaser of what appears to be a secretly recorded conversation with Kelly (below).NBC s Megyn Kelly may be getting kudos for the hit job she did on Father s Day for InfoWars host Alex Jones. But the ratings are weak. Even America s Funniest Home Videos and a CBS  60 Minutes  rerun beat her out Sunday night. Lefty Think Progress called it a  ratings catastrophe. Her number: 3.5 million viewers. It s her lowest since her new show Megyn Kelly Tonight began three weeks ago.CNN s Brian Stelter called Jones a  virus. What s different about this, about this hate-monger, this conspiracy theorist?  Stelter asked on Sunday s Reliable Sources.  I wonder if what is different, Charlie, is that the country feels very anxious right now, obviously very divided, as we have been talking about, and Alex Jones is a virus.  There s maybe a fear of spreading that virus more fully on a big network like the National Broadcasting Company. What Kelly shouldn t be praised for are the lies she told Jones in her persuasive ass-kissy story pitch.Before Sunday s program, Jones called her  Medusa  and venomously ranwhat Kelly had to think were private phone calls in which she repeatedly claimed her story would not be a  gotcha  piece.  I don t double-cross,  she insisted. She wanted to get to know HIM. She told him in the end he d be fine with what she did. She wanted people to come away thinking how  interesting  he is, just another  father and not the boogeyman they d imagined him to be.   Daily CallerWatch Megyn Kelly s hatchet job on Alex Jones here:",0
10577,CNN’s Jim Acosta Goes Bonkers Waving His Hands On Camera Over Sean Spicer: “He’s Useless” [Video],"Watch Jim Acosta wave his hands around and have a temper tantrum on air:  The White House press secretary is getting to a point, Brooke, where he s just kind of useless. You know, if he can t come out and answer the questions and they re not going to do this on camera or audio why are we having these briefings or gaggles in the first place? Acosta expressed dissatisfaction with Spicer s method of answering questions with a promise to find out answers but not providing them later.Acosta turned around to point at the White House and express his frustration with the White House communications team:  That s the White House, behind me. The White House. And it s just bizarre. I don t know what world we are living in right now, Brooke.Acosta continued:  They bring us into the briefing room here in the White House, and they won t answer these questions on camera or let us record the audio. I don t know why everybody is going along with this. It just feels like we are sort of slowly but surely being dragged into what is a new normal in this country, where the president of the United States is allowed to insulate himself from answering hard questions. He finished his comments with a slam to conservatives: Maybe he ll take a question from a conservative news media reporter and then somebody from the mainstream media,  he said. This is not how we do things in this country, but for whatever reasons we are all going along with it. ",0
10578,OBAMA HAS BLOOD ON HIS HANDS: Otto Warmbier Has Died Days After Release From North Korean Captivity {Video],"We are so sad to report that Otto Warmbier has died. The University of Cincinnati Medical Center announced Monday that Warmbier, 22, died at 2:20 p.m. just days after he was released from captivity in North Korea. He was surrounded by family members at the time of his death, hospital officials said.PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD THIS TO SAY ABOUT FINALLY BRINGING OTTO HOME:Trump now on Warmbier:  We got him home to be with his parents They were so happy to see him, even though he was in pretty tough condition.  pic.twitter.com/QfveCt1i1r  Michael C. Bender (@MichaelCBender) June 19, 2017THE FAMILY STATEMENT:#BREAKING: Otto Warmbier, held in N. Korea until last week, has died at UCMC. His family s statement: @WCPO pic.twitter.com/5TNp25zw9F  Evan Millward (@EvanMillward) June 19, 2017THE NORTH KOREANS LIED ABOUT THE CAUSE OF THE BRAIN INJURY: Earlier, doctors treating Warmbier had said he suffered  severe neurological injury  and that he was in a state of  unresponsive wakefulness.  North Korean officials had claimed Warmbier contracted botulism and never woke up after taking a sleeping pill. Doctors in Cincinnati said he showed no signs of botulism when he arrived here last week, though they couldn t say exactly what caused the cardiac or respiratory arrest that led to his unresponsive condition.OBAMA DID NOTHING!Father of North Korea prisoner Otto Warmbier: The Obama admin told us to keep quiet, Trump got our son home.pic.twitter.com/wpM7U25VKG  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 19, 2017Warmbier had been sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea after officials there said he took a propaganda banner from a hotel in early 2016. His tour group was leaving when authorities detained Warmbier.TUCKER CARLSON INTERVIEWED OTTO S FATHER WHO DISCUSSED HOW NOTHING WAS DONE UNTIL TWO MONTHS AGO!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZsI0xpI5FYREX TILLERSON HAS COME OUT TO DEMAND THE RELEASE OF THE OTHER 3 AMERICANS BEING HELD IN NORTH KOREA.",0
10579,BOOM! JOHN SUNUNU: “Bothers Me That Mueller Is Hiring “Blatantly Biased Lawyers” [Video],"Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
10580,LONDON MOSQUE With Links to Terrorists Is Terrorized By Vengeful Londoner [Video],"The mosque in Finsbury Park, London where this morning s tragedy unfolded has been the centre of media attention before. It opened back in the late 80s, as the Muslim population in the area began to grow. Since then it s been one of the biggest prayer halls in Britain. However in the 90s the Mosque was accused of radicalism and its preachers linked to Al-Qaeda.Why was this Mosque allowed to go on with radical teachings after people like the shoe bomber were connected to it. It s time for the politically correct residents of towns like this to call out these Mosques. Notice that Muslims just moved to another Mosque instead of making an effort to oust the radicals within the Mosque.According to BBC,  Finsbury Park Mosque has long been synonymous with the worst fears about Islamist extremism in Britain. The mosque s new leadership have been struggling to reclaim it for the local community   but that struggle raises questions about who runs mosques in Britain. The Finsbury Park Mosque opened in 1988. And with one of the then biggest prayer halls in Britain, many Muslims regarded it as a major milestone,  BBC wrote.  But by the late 1990s, amid the growth of radical Islamism, it had become a meeting place for extreme voices, including that of Abu Hamza. The mosque was visited by  Kamel Bourgass, an Algerian man jailed for the murder of a policeman and an alleged ricin poison plot,  BBC reported.According to the Telegraph,  The Finsbury Park mosque was long known to have served as a clearing house for radical Muslims after Hamza arrived as imam in 1997. His hate-filled rants inspired attendees such as Richard Reid (SEE BELOW), the failed  shoe bomber , Zacarias Moussaoui, one of the 9/11 terror plotters, and Mohammed Sidique Khan, one of the four suicide bombers who blew themselves up on public transport in London on July 7, 2005. Remember this guy?He came from this Mosque!",0
10581,WHEEL OF FORTUNE’S “Southern Charm” Week Sparks Protest Claim of “Slave” Photo That’s Something Entirely Different,"Wheel of Fortune caved to the left and apologized for using what appeared to be  slaves  in a photo on the show on Thursday:  We regret the use of this background image, and we will be replacing it moving forward on any rebroadcast.  But wait! The people in the photo are tour guides and NOT slaves! This didn t stop the goofballs on the left from freaking out on social media:Someone please tell me why @WheelofFortune has slaves in their  Southern Charm Week  images? pic.twitter.com/IPCFo9wh1b  Joshua Itiola (@joshitiola) June 16, 2017The eternally butt hurt left was abuzz over a photo taken in 2005 at Oak Valley Plantation. The left claimed it was a photo of slaves! As it turns out, the two women were in period costumes and happen to be tour guides at the historic plantation: A spokesperson for the plantation said,  The plantation employs a diverse range of people of all skin colors for tour guide roles. Even though they wear clothing indicative of the period, the actors who work at the plantation do not try to portray slaves. Get that?  The actors who work at the plantation DO NOT try to portray slaves Can we move forward already? It s like the left wants to keep us stuck in the past.",0
10582,MAJOR OUTDOOR CLOTHING COMPANY With Ties To Human Trafficking Wages War On President Trump Over Outrageous Obama Land Grab,"The CEO of outdoor clothing giant Patagonia is burnishing her anti-Republican bona fides again, this time saying she intends to pledge her entire company to the  resistance  of President Donald Trump.Patagonia CEO Rose Marcario recently attacked President Trump for his statements about rolling back President Obama s unusually aggressive campaign of confiscating millions of acres of state lands and claiming them as  national monuments. We have to fight like hell to keep every inch of public land,  Marcario said in a May article at Huffpost.  I don t have a lot of faith in politics and politicians right now. In an effort to prevent citizens from retaking possession of their state lands, one of her immediate actions will be to sue the Trump administration for its efforts to scale back Obama s unprecedented land grab. A president does not have the authority to rescind a national monument,  Marcario said in an April 26 statement after Trump announced his national monuments order.  An attempt to change the boundaries ignores the review process of cultural and historical characteristics and the public input. In particular, the Trump administration is preparing to revisit Obama s order to create the Bears Ears National Monument. In April, Trump issued an executive order requiring the Department of the Interior to review Obama s actions on national monuments. Ordering Interior Secretary Ray Zinke to review Obama s policies in April, President Trump called Obama s move an  egregious abuse of federal power. Many state governments fully agree with Trump s assessment and were furious when Obama swooped in from Washington and stole away millions of acres of land from state control to create new national monuments and parks.A poll of residents of Utah, for instance, showed that 60 percent opposed Obama s land grab, while only 33 percent supported it.This is far from the first time the sportswear company pledged its profits to political matters. Last year, the California-based company spent over $1 million for a get-out-the-vote campaign to defeat Donald Trump and Republicans.  BreitbartPatagonia is an accredited and founding member of the Fair Labor Association; its website is as much an educational tool about environmental and social responsibility filled with information on issues such as preservation of land in Chile, labeling GMO products, and responsible sourcing as it is an online store. In a note launching the company s food division, Patagonia Provisions, company founder Yvon Chouinard restated the brand s central ethos:  We aim to make the best product, cause no unnecessary harm, and perhaps most important, inspire solutions to the environmental crisis. And yet, despite these aspirations, four years ago internal audits turned up multiple instances of human trafficking, forced labor, and exploitation in Patagonia s supply chain, according to Cara Chacon, the company s director of social and environmental responsibility, and Thuy Nguyen, the manager of supply chain social responsibility and special programs.",0
10583,MSNBC ANCHOR Makes Sexist Comment That Men Can’t “Stand Up” to Trump [Video],"Liberal hack Mika Brzezinski made a ridiculous claim today that there are no  real men  in the White House who can stand up to President Donald Trump. Yes, this is the same woman who said it s the media s job to tell people what to think.Scarborough began by playing a clip from  Fox News Sunday  in which one of President Donald Trump s new lawyers, Jay Sekulow, said that Trump is not under investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.Scarborough had the nerve to mock Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow s  by waving a stack of papers and shouting loudly.Joe Scarborough started it off by saying,  I have all of this evidence right here, and it is right here that I ve got all of this evidence. I m holding this paper. That means what I am saying is official and I got it from a certified letter. Brzezinski then emasculated men in the White House: Think about it. There are no men in the White House. Literally, no real men. I ve said it before. Nobody can get him to stop tweeting. Maybe bring in a woman. Maybe just one who can get this guy to stop tweeting and shooting himself in the foot. ",0
10584,BIKERS FOR TRUMP Bring Important Message and Help to Republican Candidate #KarenHandel in HUGE Political Battle,"Millions and millions of dollars from outside the state of Georgia have made their way to the campaign of Democrat challenger Jon Ossoff. The Georgia election has become a referendum on President Trump and could mean a symbolic gotcha moment for Democrats. This is a big deal for both parties! This is kind of like a crown jewel of the Republican Party right now   holding on to this thing.    Chris Cox, Founder of Bikers for TrumpWhile the Dems throw money at their candidate, the Republicans are bringing in the Bikers for Trump to go door to door in Georgia for Republican candidate Karen Handel.This race has gotten pretty ugly with vulgar letters containing white powder sent to Handel s neighbors. The left is really counting on this win but the vitriol only wins votes for Handel.Here s the note put in mailboxes in Handel s neighborhood   LANGUAGE ALERT!Much has been made of the fact that Handel s challenger doesn t even live in the district he s running in!FEAR MONGERING TO GET VOTES:Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) stood in front of 50 Jon Ossoff volunteers at a campaign barbecue and fear mongered to get the message out: The vote is precious and sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have,  he said.  There are some in this country who still seek to deny some of us our right to vote. We can fight back by exercising that right. NOTE TO JOHN LEWIS: NO ONE IS TRYING TO DENY ANYONE S VOTE! MARIETTA, Ga.   This neighborhood might have gotten quite a jolt when Bikers for Trump   sporting tattoos galore, black vests and a massive flag with the group s insignia   showed up in this Atlanta suburb to politely ask people to vote for the Republican candidate in this week s special congressional election.At one stop, Chris Hummel and his wife, Karen, assured Chris Cox, founder of Bikers for Trump, and the six other men and women who were going door to door that they had voted early for the Republican, Karen Handel, over Democrat Jon Ossoff. Mrs. Hummel even shed some tears after learning that three of the bikers had served in the military. Her father served as a battalion leader in the Vietnam War and returned a different man. Years later, when Mrs. Hummel was a baby, he took his own life. We have heard about them,  Mrs. Hummel said about the group.  I just think it is cool that it is just kind of grass-roots door-to-door, just common folks. Because that is really what America is.  Mr. Cox and his crew of volunteers had visited this well-groomed neighborhood before and returned Tuesday to make certain that its heavily Republican voters planned to   or already had   voted for Mrs. Handel. The bikers are hoping to punch a hole in the Democrat-driven storyline that President Trump s supporters are turning their backs on him. For us, it is more about  Support Donald Trump,  and by supporting Karen Handel we are supporting Donald Trump,  said Mr. Cox, standing in a cul-de-sac next to his Harley-Davidson motorcycle and steps away from a miniature soccer goal.  This is kind of like a crown jewel of the Republican Party right now   holding on to this thing. Via: WT",0
10585,BREAKING: WATCH TWO PROTESTERS Crash ‘Trump Assassination’ Play in NYC: “Liberal Hate Kills!” [Video],"Awesome! Two protesters crashed the  Trump Assassination  play tonight yelling  Goebbels would be proud!  and  Liberal Hate Kills!  This is the second night protesters have jumped on stage at the Shakespeare in the Park production of Julius Caesar where a modern twist shows a President Trump look-a-like assassinated. Lovely, huh?A second protester jumped on stage and yelled but a videographer capturing the moment was tackled by liberal thugs.The videographer was eventually released by the police with the assurance that the police are on their side.In case you missed the first protest on Friday night: Laura Loomer of Rebel Media rushed the stage at the controversial NYC Shakespeare in the Park performance that takes a modern twist on Julius Caesar by playing out an assassination of a President Trump look-alike. Loomer yelled  stop leftist violence  before she was escorted off stage.We re huge fans and hope more people will follow her lead. Can you imagine if the tables were turned and they performed the same play using Obama as the one to be assassinated? The double standard here is unbelievable! You have the blood of Steve Scalise on your hands! The interesting irony is that the liberal crowd screamed and yelled at her. The left loves civil disobedience -except when it spoils their enjoyment of highbrow assassination porn. Do they advocate for violence against our president?They literally have Antifa chants during Julius Caesar before Trump gets assassinated pic.twitter.com/6AbHOChSnC  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) June 17, 2017Ms. Loomer was arrested by the the NYPD and was released within hours. Laura s press conference: Jack Posobiec also got up and bravely yelled at the crowd. He yelled  You re all Goebbels In case you don t know:GOEBBELS WAS THE NAZI PROPAGANDA MINISTER:German Nazi Party member Joseph Goebbels became Adolf Hitler s propaganda minister in 1933, which gave him power over all German radio, press, cinema, and theater.In 1925 Goebbels met the party leader Adolf Hitler. In 1926 he was made Gauleiter, or party leader, for the region of Berlin, and in 1927 he founded and became editor of the official National Socialist periodical Der Angriff (The Attack). He was elected to the Reichstag, the German parliament, in 1928. By exploiting mob emotions and by employing all modern methods of propaganda Goebbels helped Hitler into power. His work as a propagandist materially aided Hitler s rise to power in 1933. When Hitler seized power in 1933, Goebbels was appointed Reichsminister for propaganda and national enlightenment. From then until his death, Goebbels used all media of education and communications to further Nazi propagandistic aims, instilling in the Germans the concept of their leader as a veritable god and of their destiny as the rulers of the world. In 1938 he became a member of the Hitler cabinet council. Late in World War II, in 1944, Hitler placed him in charge of total mobilization. As Reichsminister for Propaganda and National Enlightenment, Goebbels was given complete control over radio, press, cinema, and theater; later he also regimented all German culture. Goebbels placed his undeniable intelligence and his brilliant insight into mass psychology entirely at the service of his party. His most virulent propaganda was against the Jews. As a hypnotic orator he was second only to Hitler, and in his staging of mass meetings and parades he was unsurpassed. Utterly cynical, he seems to have believed only in the self-justification of power. He remained loyal to Hitler until the end. On May 1, 1945, as Soviet troops were storming Berlin, Goebbels committed suicide.Via: whale",0
10586,REVENGE ATTACK ON MUSLIMS: VAN PLOWS INTO CROWD…Many Injured Leaving Mosque…SUSPECT Tackled And Arrested [Video],"A REVENGE ATTACK in London is the scene again of terror but this time it took place in the Muslim community. At 12:15 am at Seven Sister Road in Finsbury Park, London, a van plowed into a crowd of worshippers leaving a mosque. Muslims were coming out from midnight prayers at the mosque when the van hit and injured about 10 people. The suspect was pinned down by a crowd and kept on the ground until the police could arrive. The video below shows the suspect against a police van being handcuffed while angry onlookers yelled at him:The attack is now being reported as terrorism. A 48-year old man is in custody for killing one and injuring 9 others.It s being reported that he said,  I ve done my bit  and  I want to kill Muslims ",0
10587,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S HEARTFELT FATHER’S DAY PROCLAMATION: “Thank the men in our lives who have taken on the responsibility of raising children.”,"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims June 18, 2017, as Father s DayFATHER S DAY, 2017             BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAA PROCLAMATIONFather s Day is a special occasion that reminds us to pause and thank the men in our lives who have taken on the responsibility of raising children. As sons and daughters, we recognize the love they have given and the sacrifices they have made, and we celebrate the indispensable role fathers play in our lives and communities.Fathers have the ability and responsibility to instill in us core values we carry into adulthood. The examples they set and the lessons they impart about hard work, dedication to family, faith in God, and believing in ourselves establish the moral foundation for success that allows us to live up to our full potential. We remember those fatherly moments big and small throwing a baseball, writing an essay, driving a car, walking down the aisle that have shaped us, and we thank our dads for being there with a helping hand and an open heart.Day in and day out, fathers put their children first, creating loving and supportive environments. Whether by birth, adoption, or foster care, today we honor the incredible fathers in our lives for all they have done and continue to do for us. Fathers inspire us to better ourselves and to be men and women of outstanding character. We recommit ourselves as individuals, families, and communities to promoting and supporting fatherhood, and take this day to express our love and appreciation for fathers across our country.NOW, THEREFORE, I, DONALD J. TRUMP, President of the United States of America, in accordance with a joint resolution of the Congress approved April 24, 1972, as amended (36 U.S.C. 109), do hereby proclaim June 18, 2017, as Father s Day. I call on United States Government officials to display the flag of the United States on all Government buildings on Father s Day and invite State and local governments and the people of the United States to observe Father s Day with appropriate ceremonies.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this sixteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord two thousand seventeen, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and forty-first.DONALD J. TRUMP",0
10588,"TRUMP’S LAWYER DESTROYS #ChrisWallace In Heated Exchange: “No Chris, I deal with fact and law” [Video]","Let s just get this out of the way Chris Wallace is a flaming liberal and a total a**! He blatantly goes after conservatives with a vengeance but gives liberals a pass. Today was no exception with Wallace trying to grill Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow. Sekulow hammered Wallace in a heated exchange over whether President Trump is being investigated:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_g__BK9Jx0TRANSCRIPT OF THE HEATED EXCHANGE: WALLACE: A look outside the beltway at Erin Hills in Wisconsin, where the world s top golfers are competing in today s final round of the U.S. Open.The investigation into possible links between Russia and Trump associates and whether the president has tried to shut down that probe took some dramatic new turns this week.Joining me now is Jay Sekulow, a member of the president s legal team.Jay, I want to start with the president s tweet Friday that I discussed with Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar. Here it is again: I am being investigated for firing the FBI director by the man who told me to fire the FBI director. Witch hunt.Has the special counsel, Robert Mueller, formally notified the president that he is under investigation?JAY SEKULOW, TRUMP LEGAL TEAM: The president has not been notified by anyone that he s under investigation. That tweet, Chris, was in response to The Washington Post story that alleged that five unnamed sources, anonymous sources, leaked to The Washington Post that the president was, in fact, under investigation. So that tweet was in response to that. There s been no notification of an investigation. Nothing s changed since James Comey said the president was not a target or subject of investigation. Nothing s changed.WALLACE: Well, but you don t know that he isn t under investigation now, do you?SEKULOW: Well, no one s notified us that he is. So I   I can t read people s minds, but I can tell you this, we have not been notified that there s an investigation to the president of the United States. So that   nothing has changed in that regard since James Comey s testimony.WALLACE: I   I want to go after another part of this tweet. Why is he going after Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. First of all, he seems to imply that Rosenstein is investigating, and that s not true. It Mueller. And, secondly, he made it clear in an interview with NBC that   that he decided to fire Comey well before he ever met with Rod Rosenstein. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP[)TRUMP: I was going to fire regardless of recommendation.TRUMP: He made a recommendation. He s highly respected. A very good guy. Avery smart guy. The Democrats like him. The Republicans like him. he made a recommendation. But regardless of recommendation, I was going to fire Comey.(END VIDEO CLIP)WALLACE: I want to ask you a direct question, does the president think that Rod Rosenstein has done anything wrong?SEKULOW: The president has never said anything about Rod Rosenstein doing anything wrong. Here s what   what is the legal situation here. There is a constitutional issue when you have this scenario. The president made a determination based on consult of advice. He decided ultimately. He s the commander in chief. He gets to make that decision that James Comey had a go. That was coming, by the way, from groups right, left, and center over the last year. You   you and I know that. So there had been concern about James Comey.It was put forward in a memorandum   that s what the president s referencing   from the deputy attorney general and the attorney general requesting the removal of James Comey as the FBI director. And, ultimately, that s the president s determination.So here s the constitutional threshold question, Chris. The president takes action based on numerous events, including recommendations from his attorney general and the deputy attorney general s office. He takes the action that they also, by the way, recommended. And now he s being investigated by the Department of Justice because the special counsel under the special counsel relations reports still to the Department of Justice. Not an independent counsel. So he s being investigated for taking the action that the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended him to take by the agency who recommended the termination. So that s the constitutional threshold question here. That s why, as I said, no investigation  WALLACE: Well, I   what   what   what s the question (INAUDIBLE). I mean you   you stated   you stated some facts. First of all, you ve now said that he is getting investigated after saying that you didn t.SEKULOW: No.WALLACE: You   you just, sir, that he s being  SEKULOW: No, he s not being investigated!WALLACE: You just said that he s being investigated.SEKULOW: No, Chris, I said that the   any   let me be crystal clear so you   you completely understand. We have not received nor are we aware of any investigation of the president of the United States, period.WALLACE: Sir, you just said two times that he s being investigated.SEKULOW: No. The context of the tweet, I just gave you the legal theory, Chris, of how the Constitution works. If, in fact, it was correct that the president was being investigated, he would be investigating for taking action that an agency told him to take. So that is protected under the Constitution as his article one power. That s all I said. So I appreciate you trying to rephrase it, but I m just being really direct with you, Chris. This is   let me be  WALLACE: No, I   I   sir, I didn t rephrase it. The tape will speak   Jay, the tape will speak for itself. You said he is being investigated. And it s not that big  SEKULOW: Chris, he is   just   no, Chris   that s (INAUDIBLE) unfair, Chris.WALLACE: Wait a minute   wait a minute. Jay, and it s not   Jay, it s not just being investigated for firing Comey. There s also the question of what he said to Comey when Comey was still the FBI director. So there s more than just the fact that he fired Comey.SEKULOW: He   Chirrs, let me be clear, you asked me a question about what the president s tweet was regarding the deputy attorney general of the United States. That s what you asked me. And I responded to what that legal theory would be. So I do not appreciate you putting words in my mouth when I ve been crystal clear that the president is not and has not been under investigation. I don t think I can be any clearer than that.WALLACE: Well, you don t know that he s not under investigation again, sir. I mean you might  SEKULOW: You know, I can t read the mind   you re right, Chris, I can t read the minds of the special prosecutor.WALLACE: Well, then, good, OK, so we re in agreement, you don t know whether he s under   you don t know whether he s under investigation.SEKULOW: But I have not been notified. No one has been notified that he is.WALLACE: You don t know whether he s under investigation or not.SEKULOW: Chris, I  WALLACE: The question I m asking you is, does he think that Rod Rosenstein   it s a very simple question   does he think that Rod Rosenstein did anything wrong?SEKULOW: The president has not expressed any opinion about Rod Rosenstein.WALLACE: Does he think that Robert Mueller has done anything wrong?SEKULOW: First of all, he has not said anything about Robert Mueller. And, Chris, let me say something here. You re asking me if I had a conversation, which I have not had, about Robert Mueller with the president of the United States on   or anyone else for that matter. I can t discuss that and would that with you. Unlike James Comey, who leaks information to the press, I actually respect the attorney-client privilege. Apparently he did not.WALLACE: Does the president believe   well, you re speaking for his legal team, so you re out here to represent him and tell us what the president s belief is, is that correct?SEKULOW: No, I m out here to tell you what the facts are and the legal issues are. I m not to tell you what the beliefs are. I m not the client s conscience, I m his lawyer.WALLACE: I understand that and the   and the client   have you spoken the   have you spoken to the president at all?SEKULOW: Yes, but I m not going to discuss those conversations with you. Those are privileged under the attorney-client privilege.WALLACE: Well, I assume that if he asked you to say something, for instance, Marc Kasowitz said all kinds of things about   after Comey s testimony. I assumed he was speaking for the presidentSEKULOW: Marc Kasowitz made a general statement to the press after the testimony of James Comey. That s what that was about. This   you re asking me now questions about what people are thinking in their minds, which I don t read minds, and you re asking me also what I may or may not have had a conversation with the president about and you understand this. I respect the attorney-client privilege, unlike James Comey.WALLACE: Does  SEKULOW: I want to be real clear on that too. I m not going to give you conversations I ve had with   have or have not had with the president of the United States. So when I ve had conversations with the president of the United States  WALLACE: Well, I   your  SEKULOW: As his lawyer, it s privileged, period.WALLACE: Does the president think that Rosenstein, because you talked about this constitutional theory that he took action, that s on the advice  SEKULOW: Yes.WALLACE: Although he says he didn t take it on the advice of Rosenstein, does he think that Rosenstein should recuse himself, and is healing the groundwork to fire Rosenstein and Mueller?SEKULOW: I ve had no conversations and I ve heard nothing without that at all. Nothing. I think this   Chris, this points out   let me tell you one thing quickly about the constitutional theory, as you called it. It s actually called the Constitution. You know, the president has certain (INAUDIBLE) authority under the Constitution. It s  WALLACE: Well, you called it the constitutional theory, sir.SEKULOW: Yes, it is a constitutional theory based on the Constitution.WALLACE: I understand that.SEKULOW: Not so-called. It s the constitutional theory. It s part of the Constitution. The president has inherent authority.Here s what you re trying to   here s what you re trying to do, Chris, and I appreciate that you re   you re trying to push back.WALLACE: Well, now you re reading minds again. Now you re reading minds again.SEKULOW: No, Chris, I deal with fact and law. You were asking me to read people s minds. That I don t do.WALLACE: Well, don t tell me what I m trying to   well, don t tell me what I m trying to do because you don t know what I m trying to do. Actually, what I m trying to get is a straight answer out of you. Let me ask you this  SEKULOW: Yes, well   sure.WALLACE: As a matter of law, does the president think that he can be indicted under the Constitution?SEKULOW: The president   I haven t had that conversation with the president, but the president can t be indicted under the Constitution of the activity alleged in something like this. Of course not.WALLACE: Why is that?SEKULOW: Because there s not an investigation. And there s   there s no (INAUDIBLE) against the president.WALLACE: Well, you don t know whether there s an investigation. Oh, boy, this is weird. You   you don t know that there s   whether there s an investigation. You just told us that.SEKULOW: Chris, you re asking me to speculate   so then what you re asking me to do is to speculate on  WALLACE: And it would matter. I m asking you as a matter of law, not whether there s an investigation. Does the president think he can be indicted as president?SEKULOW: For   for  WALLACE: That s a constitutional issue, isn t it?SEKULOW: For obstruction of justice? No, the Constitution s  WALLACE: No, for any of it.SEKULOW: Now, Chris, you know, let s   let s be realistic here. You know what the   the answer is. Can president be indicted for obstruction? You know what the position has been at the Department of Justice since the 1970s and again stated in 2000. That s not what president   that s now how you engage a president. There s a political process if somebody did something wrong. You re talking about   you re conflating a constitutional process, criminal law, with an issue of political consequence. So I am his lawyer. I m not his political advisor.WALLACE: Senator Dianne Feinstein, a top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, responded to the president s tweet this week with this statement.  The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law doesn t apply to him and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired.  Is she wrong, sir?SEKULOW: Yes, she s wrong. First of all, Dianne Feinstein also called for an investigation of James Comey and Loretta Lynch for that whole episode regarding her engagement and calling it a, quote,  matter,  not an  investigation.  But with regard to this particular issue, I mean the tweet   there s nothing illegal or inappropriate about the tweet. If the tweet came on the heels of a Washington Post story that had five anonymous sources and didn t even identify the agency from which those sources came from, and that s what he tweet in response to. It s that simple, period.WALLACE: Final question, the president just   just added John Dowd, a high-powered Washington lawyer, to his legal team. Should we expect him to hire other criminal lawyers? And, in a sense, is he preparing for a potential legal battle here?SEKULOW: Look, I mean John Dowd is   is a legal legend, you know that, in   in   in the   in Washington, D.C., and the president is doing the appropriate thing by hiring lawyers necessary, if there was to be an investigation, if there were to be an investigation, you have the lawyers in place. We ve got a great legal team led by Marc Kasowitz. We ve got John Dowd on the team. This is a solid team. Contrary to some of the press reports, a deep team, if necessary.WALLACE: Do you think   I   I   I misspoke. I m going to ask one more question. Because I m not allowed to ask you what the president thinks, do you think that he should stop  SEKULOW: Of course.WALLACE: Do you think he should stop tweeting about this case?SEKULOW: Look, I   here s the thing on that. You know, people have been asking me that. Look, the president has changed the way in which engagement goes in   I mean you ve got great ratings, no doubt about it, Chris. But let s face it, the president speaks to 107 million people through his social media platforms. He revolutionized the election process by utilizing media in a different way. So I   I think, look, the president knows the effectiveness of social media. He s been very effective at it. Again, I m his lawyer, I deal with the issues. Nothing that he s tweeted is causing me any issues whatsoever at this point. Nothing.WALLACE: Jay, thank you. Thanks for coming in.SEKULOW: Thanks, Chris.WALLACE: It s always   it s always interesting to talk to you. Please, come back, and we ll  SEKULOW: Thanks, Chris.WALLACE: We ll continue it and maybe this time we ll get on this   you know what, be here in studio and we can stay on the same wavelength.SEKULOW: There we go.WALLACE: All right, sir  SEKULOW: Happy Father s Day.WALLACE: Happy Father s Day to you too, sir.",0
10589,HUH? NYT EDITOR Blames “Republican Rage Machine” for Current Political Climate [Video],"Talk about projecting! On Fareed Zakaria s CNN show, former New York Times editor Jill Abramson decries  false equivalency  between Democrats and Republicans, saying Republicans are disproportionately responsible for the divisive political climate. HUH? This angry shrew is showing just how much she is blinded by hate!ED LUCE: It s very hard to imagine how civility can ensue when people don t even meet each other or live near each other who hold different positions or let their children marry or wish their children to marry people of different views. So that s my concern, there is no public square.FAREED ZAKARIA: Jill, you ve written that you think that while all this is true, this is not a situation where both sides are equally at fault.JILL ABRAMSON: I do think that both sides are not equally at fault, and that there s been a bit of a false equivalency at work, especially in the discussion over the past couple of days. I think that in terms of political leadership right now that both President Trump and the congressional leadership on the Republican side are extremely divisive and that they are really benefiting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country.This woman must have been in a coma for the past couple of years!Does she NOT remember the horrible attacks on conservatives during the 2016 campaign? Does she not remember the 2016 Inauguration? Oh, how about Berkeley?There are just way too many examples of the left s unhinged violence and rhetoric. From the leaders of the Democrat Party to the George Soros sponsored Antifa thugs, we can say without any hesitation that this woman and all others who refuse to see the problem are seriously delusional and blinded by their hate.",0
10590,"JUDGE JEANINE IS FURIOUS! RINO’s Are Plotting To Take Down President Trump…Cowardly GOP Sitting Back, Watching Democrats ‘Railroad Their President’…Only ONE Republican Is Defending Trump [VIDEO]","Fox News Channel s Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment Saturday on  Justice. Pirro accused the establishment Republicans leaders of watching the Democrats  railroad their president, and then urged them to prove their loyalty by convincing everyone that they are not in on the  effort to take down  President Donald Trump. The Republican establishment not fighting for the commander-in-chief as day after day they watch him being savaged, forcing him to defend himself and run the country. Think about it. If he s knocked out, the succession is clear and things go back to the way they were,  Pirro said. You re in power, damn it!  she later exclaimed.  Do something, pass something, cut this kumbaya crap, put on your big boy pants and act like you re in power, act like you give a damn! And more importantly, convince us that you are not in on the effort to take down the president of the United States.   Breitbart",0
10591,FIRST FAMILY FATHER’S DAY: “Rustic” Camp David with the In-Laws [Video],"Did President Trump visit Camp David this Father s Day weekend to give his Secret Service detail the weekend off? Former President George Bush was known to do the same at Christmas. We know President Trump isn t a huge fan of Camp David calling it  rustic  earlier this year. The First Family waved  to photographers as they left the White House. President Trump looked dapper in a navy suit while Melania wore a $1,795 belted white shirt dress that was belted at the waist.THIS IS A SHOCKER: VOGUE MAGAZINE gave Melania a thumbs up review on her casual style for the trip to Camp David. They described the Gabriella Hearst dress she wore as a softly tailored silhouette  paired with  comfortable shoes.Barron Trump showed off Arsenal Football Club shorts. Barron was seen earlier kicking a soccer ball around on the White House grounds.The First Family joined Melania Trump s parents, Viktor and Amalija Knavs, for the overnight at Camp David after they accompanied Melania and Barron on their official move to the White House.This is not President Trump s usual getaway spot. He usually goes to his golf club in Bedminster, NJ or Mar a Lago in Palm Beach, Florida for a round of golf and a weekend stay.Camp David has been called  rustic  by the president who favors a more formal setting. His honesty about this government-owned retreat in Maryland s Catoctin Mountains is refreshing and funny. He told the foreign press earlier this year: You know how long you d like it? For about 30 minutes.   Can t you just see the wheels turning for an upgrade to  rustic  Camp David. ",0
10592,"GERMANY: 10,000 Muslims Allegedly Registered To “March Against Terror”…Actual Number Is Much Less, After Largest Taxpayer-Funded Muslim Group Says March Would Send Wrong Message [VIDEO]","After allegedly registering 10,000 Muslims to take place in Germany s  March Against Terror,  the largest Muslim group in Germany refused to show because it would send the wrong message. Say what???A peace march organized by German Muslim groups to condemn terrorism and violence in the name of Islam has been held in Cologne. Organizers had registered 10,000 participants, but actual turnout was much lower.The liberal  The Independent  published a story about the 10,000 Muslims marching for peace before the march ever took place:10,000 Muslims to march against terrorism https://t.co/OC64Es1fRR #NichtMitUns #NotWithUs  Arafatul Islam (@arafatul) June 16, 2017The march, organized by Islamic scholar Lamya Kaddor and peace activist Tarek Mohamad to condemn violence in the name of Islam across the world, was preceded by a heated debate when Germany s biggest Islamic association, the Turkish-Islamic Union (known by its acronym DITIB), refused to take part.  DWTo integration commissioner  zoguz the problem lies in the fact that decision-makers in associations like DITIB have never really settled in Germany,  although for the most part, the members have.In other words, the leaders of the most powerful Muslim group in Germany have no interest in assimilating with Germans, but do have an interest in accepting public funds from German taxpayers to keep their organization up and running.However, DITIB does not seem capable of surviving only off Ankara s support and without help from Germany. After payments to the association were temporarily suspended because of the espionage affair, the money has been flowing into its accounts again. According to the German Ministry of Family Affairs,  It was decided that funding for projects that have already been approved would resume under consideration of all relevant aspects.  DITIB has received around 6 million euros ($6.7 million) in funding from the German government since 2012.Number of participants at Muslim peace march in Cologne were far less than expected. Is it because DITIB's absence? #NichtMitUns #NotWithUs pic.twitter.com/93kyvYCll2  Arafatul Islam (@arafatul) June 17, 2017Under gray skies, demonstrators waved banners proclaiming  together against terror  and  terrorism has no religion  on Saturday in the western German city of Cologne.About 500 of the estimated 10,000 Muslims took part in the Cologne, Germany  March Against Terror . ",0
10593,NO SHAME! MSNBC ANCHOR Attacks Critically Injured Steve Scalise Who Can’t Defend Himself [Video],"Joy Reid is known for her racist slant on the news. She s one bitter and angry woman we ve reported on numerous times for her over-the-top rhetoric. This latest rant is surprising even for Reid. She goes after critically injured congressman Steve Scalise with the aide of a NAACP board member. Steve Scalise cannot defend himself right now The left has no shame!Reid:  There s a whole country out there and a lot of people, at least in my Twitter timeline, and it s a delicate thing, because everybody is wishing the congressman well and hoping that he recovers, but Steve Scalise has a history that we ve all been forced to sort of ignore on race. He did come to leadership after some controversy over attending a white nationalist event, which he says he didn t know what it was. He also co-sponsored a bill to amend the Constitution to define marriage as between a man and a woman. He co-sponsored the House healthcare bill, which as you said would gut healthcare for millions of people including three million children and he cosponsored a bill to repeal the ban on semiautomatic weapons. Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise is still hospitalized in critical condition but liberal MSNBC host Joy Ann Reid didn t let that stop her from portraying Scalise as an extremist just three days after an angry left-winger shot Scalise and tried to assassinate dozens of Republican congressmen in Alexandria, Virginia on Wednesday.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was in  imminent risk of death  when he was flown to a trauma center Wednesday after being shot during an ambush of a GOP congressional baseball team practicing on a Virginia field. He will be in the hospital for a considerable period of time, presumably weeks,  said Jack Sava, trauma director at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, who spoke Friday about the Louisiana Republican who remains in critical condition at the hospital in the District.Sava added that Scalise  was as critical as you can be when he came in  after a single rifle shot traversed his body from his left hip through internal organs to the other hip as witnesses said he was fielding ground balls.The shot fired at Scalise left perhaps hundreds of bullet fragments internally, many of which may never be removed because surgery might be more dangerous than leaving them in place, Sava said. That circumstance is not uncommon for that type of injury, known as a transpelvic gunshot wound, the trauma surgeon said.Sava said Scalise will require surgeries soon for abdominal and bone injuries, in addition to the two he has undergone to repair a bone in his leg broken by the bullet. The congressman sustained  substantial damage  to organs and blood vessels, Sava said, and remains in intensive care.How can these idiots keep arguing with a man who is critically injured in the hospital? It s horrible because he cannot defend himself! ",0
10594,AWESOME! PRO-TRUMP CROWD Protests Fake News at CNN Headquarters [Video],"Debbie Dooley and a crowd of great Patriots marched in front of the CNN headquarters in Atlanta today in a show of support for President Trump and in protest against CNN s fake news. Who isn t proud of these people literally walking the walk to voice their opposition to the constant drip, drip, drip of propaganda from CNN.Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots told Breitbart News why they were protesting CNN today:CNN threw objective journalism out the window once Donald Trump was elected President and have begun to report DNC talking points as news. CNN can no longer claim to be a news organization that reports facts without bias, because they report innuendo with no facts as news with the intent on bringing down a democratically-elected President. They have simply become an entertainment network not to be taken seriously.Time for Trump supporters to get active and show the Democrats that we are very passionate about our support of President Trump and we will fight hard to pass his agenda,  the notice of the event states on Main Street Patriots  website. Bring your signs and let s show CNN that we support President Trump and call them out for becoming an arm of the DNC intent on bringing down President Trump with biased coverage and false innuendos,  the invitation on Main Street Patriots  Facebook page states.A TRUMP SUPPORTER ON WHY SHE S JOINING THE PROTEST:  She is 100% spot on Trump supporter on why she's joining protest against Fake News CNN. She is 100% spot on. pic.twitter.com/IblSehMU52  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 17, 2017 We re so happy about this! It s the outward and visible signs of protest that make a HUGE difference.",0
10595,OOPS! MN: JUROR In Case Against Cop Who Killed Philando Castile Reveals How Only 2 Black Jurors On Case Voted…Liberal Heads Explode In 3…2…1,"The only two black jurors in the Philando Castile case were in favor of acquitting the cop responsible for his death, a juror explained Friday.Dennis Ploussard, one of the twelve jurors, said that the jury was broken down 10-2 for acquitting Officer Jeronimo Yanez of his manslaughter charges  10 jurors were in favor of clearing Officer Yanez and the other two were unconvinced.The two holdouts were not the only black members on the jury, Ploussard told the Associated Press. The jury discussed the  culpable negligence  for the manslaughter requirement, he said. Eventually, the two unconvinced came to agree to acquit Yanez.Yanez shot Castile seven times after he pulled him over for a broken tail light. Yanez claimed that Castile was reaching for his gun, although prosecution argued that Yanez acted too hastily in the exchange.  Daily CallerThe  white racists who let the cop go free  narrative that liberals in the media will attempt to put forth, won t be worth much now that the only 2 black jurors voted to acquit Officer Yanez ",0
10596,SOCIAL MEDIA EXPLODES After Melania’s Birthday Card To President Trump Leaves Everyone Guessing,"Do you see it? Right below the word  birthday  you ll see a tiny spot. People really need something to do because social media has been on fire with questions about what the small mark means as if it has any meaning at all!  pic.twitter.com/TKGtMA4YnN  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) June 15, 2017The tweets are hysterical though:  What is thaaat What is thaaat pic.twitter.com/rZePaM4X69    (@sarahjeong) June 15, 2017Some positive and some snarky comments:Is it a coffee stain or is it just a misprint on the card?Does anyone out there have a clue?Some people said it s a sign to the Russians and the snarky award of the day goes to the person who said  it s her husband s thumb print .Oy vey! The left does need to get a life!",0
10597,“UNITY” BASEBALL GAME Not So Unified: Democrat Staffers Mock Pre-Game Prayer…Show Vulgar Reactions To Trump’s Unity Speech [Video],"So much for putting a stop to the poisonous debate in Washington. The effort to try and mend fences came to a screeching halt when during President Trump s  Unity Speech  to the baseball crowd congressional staffers jeered and booed. The staffers even exhibited  vulgar gesticulations  at President Trump.The message of unity was lost on these clowns:Washington Times reported:Mr. Trump delivered a message of unity, but some fans in the stands weren t having any of it. One man shouted an expletive at the video screen as Mr. Trump was telling the fans:  We are showing the world we will not be intimidated by threats.  The episode marred what had been a night celebrating those wounded in Wednesday s murderous attack on GOP players practicing for the game. When both teams went to second base   the symbolic spot where Rep. Steve Scalise was wounded in the attack at the Alexandria practice field   to kneel and pray, some mocked the prayer, too. The fans appeared to be Democratic staffers, having booed the announcement of several members of the GOP lineup.Most fans were in the correct mood, however, chanting U-S-A and giving a loud standing ovation to Capitol Police Special Agent David Bailey (pictured below), who along with two other special agents at the field Wednesday were credited with saving the lives of dozens of lawmakers and staffers. Agent Bailey threw out the first pitch. In the wake of the attack Wednesday, leaders in both parties have pleaded for civility in the political conversation.",0
10598,"CONSERVATIVES Who Disrupted Trump Assassination Play Speak Out: “It was like a gang stabbing…I Watched everyone cheering his death, laughing, clapping along…Children in the audience. It made my blood run cold…No better than ISIS” [VIDEO]","Laura Loomer of Rebel Media and citizen journalist Jack Posobiac disrupted the Central Park performance of  Julius Caesar  or more accurately the  Trump Assassination  play last night. At the point where  Julius Caesar,  (who is intentionally made to look like President Trump) is about to be stabbed by a gang of minorities, Loomer rushed the stage and admonished the cast and audience for promoting violence against our current president and against Republicans in general.See video of Rebel Media s Loomer rushing the stage here:Only 3 days ago, an unhinged Democrat opened fire on Republican House members at a baseball practice for a charity game against Democrats Congressmen. Representative Steve Scalise (R-LA) remains in critical condition. Doctors who were in attendance when the married father of 2 arrived at the hospital have now revealed that Scalise was very near to death when he arrived. Democrats like George Soros continue to fund violence against opposing voices, Barack Obama, former AG Loretta Lynch, Hillary Clinton and her running mate Tim Kaine have all advocated for action and/or violence against Trump supporters.  Liberal professors promote hate and disrespect for anyone with opposing political views and have made their classrooms a hostile environment for students who dare to speak up or speak out against their radical views. Hollywood has come unhinged, and there doesn t appear to a line they won t cross when it comes to promoting violence against Americans who openly support President Trump. The left has shown themselves to be the largest collection of bullies and domestic terrorists this nation has ever seen.At about the 4:30 mark in the video, Laura Loomer, who is a fan of theater recites a Shakespeare line,  Violent delights have violent ends.  She then looks into the camera and calls out Hollywood and the left for the violence against Trump supporters and Republicans,  Just like Shakespeare said; If you re delighting in this violence, this normalized political violence against the right, it s going to have a violent end. Loomer goes on to point out how liberals like Kathy Griffin and the CNN network who glorify those who commit or threaten violence are responsible for this violent atmosphere, and that they re no better than ISIS. Loomer points out the comparisons between the actors on the Central Park stage who are  gang stabbing  President Trump:  I just couldn t help but think to myself:  Wow! When you re holding a knife to someone s throat in the play, and joking about chopping someone s throats off, what makes you any better than ISIS?  Jack Posobiac makes a very interesting point at about the gang stabbing of President Trump:  It was like a gang stabbing. All the people stabbing him were minorities.  Loomer agrees and goes a step further by suggesting the producers were  racists  because they chose all black actors to stab President Trump.Watch:Citizen journalist and author of Gorilla Mindset, Mike Chernovich called on Americans to join him in disrupting the Trump Assassination play 2 days ago:New York!Who wants to go watch the Trump assassination play maybe use some ""free speech"" during the play?https://t.co/64WAPvQjBT pic.twitter.com/7zDQcjNX7y  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) June 15, 2017Twitter followers of Chernovich responded by suggesting they skip the ticket process and instead use the same techniques as leftist agitators, like whistles and drums or bongos and cowbells to disrupt the production. Chernovich is all about using the tactics of the left against them. There has never been a better time to shut down the violent left in a non-violent way. To stand back and allow a performance of our president being  gang stabbed  is about as horrible as it gets:If it's in a park can't we just go to the park and bring our whistles and drums  Ralph Butler (@secure1man) June 15, 2017bongos and cowbells for everyone  Deplorable Snuzzlez (@SnuzzleBabiez) June 15, 2017",0
10599,PROTESTER Rushes Stage at NYC Play Showing Assassination of President Trump: “You have the blood of Steve Scalise on your hands!”[Video],"Laura Loomer of Rebel Media rushed the stage at the controversial NYC Shakespeare in the Park performance that takes a modern twist on Julius Caesar by playing out an assassination of a President Trump look-alike. Loomer yelled  stop leftist violence  before she was escorted off stage.We re huge fans and hope more people will follow her lead. Can you imagine if the tables were turned and they performed the same play using Obama as the one to be assassinated? The double standard here is unbelievable! You have the blood of Steve Scalise on your hands! The interesting irony is that the liberal crowd screamed and yelled at her. The left loves civil disobedience -except when it spoils their enjoyment of highbrow assassination porn. Do they advocate for violence against our president?They literally have Antifa chants during Julius Caesar before Trump gets assassinated pic.twitter.com/6AbHOChSnC  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) June 17, 2017Ms. Loomer was arrested by the the NYPD and was released within hours. Laura s press conference: Jack Posobiec also got up and bravely yelled at the crowd. He yelled  You re all Goebbels In case you don t know:GOEBBELS WAS THE NAZI PROPAGANDA MINISTER:German Nazi Party member Joseph Goebbels became Adolf Hitler s propaganda minister in 1933, which gave him power over all German radio, press, cinema, and theater.In 1925 Goebbels met the party leader Adolf Hitler. In 1926 he was made Gauleiter, or party leader, for the region of Berlin, and in 1927 he founded and became editor of the official National Socialist periodical Der Angriff (The Attack). He was elected to the Reichstag, the German parliament, in 1928. By exploiting mob emotions and by employing all modern methods of propaganda Goebbels helped Hitler into power. His work as a propagandist materially aided Hitler s rise to power in 1933. When Hitler seized power in 1933, Goebbels was appointed Reichsminister for propaganda and national enlightenment. From then until his death, Goebbels used all media of education and communications to further Nazi propagandistic aims, instilling in the Germans the concept of their leader as a veritable god and of their destiny as the rulers of the world. In 1938 he became a member of the Hitler cabinet council. Late in World War II, in 1944, Hitler placed him in charge of total mobilization. As Reichsminister for Propaganda and National Enlightenment, Goebbels was given complete control over radio, press, cinema, and theater; later he also regimented all German culture. Goebbels placed his undeniable intelligence and his brilliant insight into mass psychology entirely at the service of his party. His most virulent propaganda was against the Jews. As a hypnotic orator he was second only to Hitler, and in his staging of mass meetings and parades he was unsurpassed. Utterly cynical, he seems to have believed only in the self-justification of power. He remained loyal to Hitler until the end. On May 1, 1945, as Soviet troops were storming Berlin, Goebbels committed suicide.Via: whale",0
10600,PRESIDENT TRUMP TO CUBA: Send Back Escaped COP KILLER…Poster Child For Black Lives Matter Movement [VIDEO],"The inspiration behind the  Black Lives Matter  movement   the individual cited by its founder and regularly quoted by its supporters   is a convicted cop killer who is on the FBI s  Most Wanted Terrorists  list.In an article which details the philosophical foundation of  Black Lives Matter , BLM co-founder Garza cites,  Assata s powerful demand in my organizing work. Assata is a reference to Assata Shakur, otherwise known as Joanne Deborah Chesimard, a radical feminist and Marxist revolutionary who escaped from prison in 1979 while serving a life sentence for the murder of New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster.On the night of May 2, 1973, Shakur, along with two other accomplices, killed Foerster execution-style at point-blank range during a routine traffic stop on the New Jersey Turnpike in East Brunswick.For Shakur, the shooting was the culmination of years of militant radicalism during which she joined and left the Black Panther Party because it was not violent enough, before subsequently joining the Black Liberation Army, a domestic terror outfit responsible for bombings and assassinations throughout the 1970 s which claimed the lives of 13 police officers.  InfowarsShe escaped from prison in 1979 and fled to Cuba, where she was granted political asylum, and she s been there ever since.President Trump on Friday demanded that Cuba return notorious New Jersey cop killer Joanne Chesimard to the United States to face justice.During a speech in Miami to announce changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba, Trump said the return of Chesimard and other fugitives was one of several steps the Cuban government needed to take before the longstanding embargo could be lifted. To the Cuban government, I say, put an end to the abuse of dissidents, release the political prisoners, stop jailing innocent people, open yourselves to political and economic freedoms, return the fugitives from American justice, including the return of the cop killer Joanne Chesimard,  aka Assata Shakur Trump said.Following the passing of brutal dictator Fidel Castro, BLM wrote a love note of sorts on Medium, expressing their gratitude for harboring their hero, cop-killer Assata Shakur: A final lesson is that to be a revolutionary, you must strive to live in integrity. As a Black network committed to transformation, we are particularly grateful to Fidel for holding Mama Assata Shakur, who continues to inspire us. We are thankful that he provided a home for Brother Michael Finney Ralph Goodwin, and Charles Hill, asylum to Brother Huey P. Newton, and sanctuary for so many other Black revolutionaries who were being persecuted by the American government during the Black Power era.",0
10601,LEFTY MEDIA DESPERATELY Tries To Bury Trump But The Brilliant Ken Starr Won’t Buy It [Video],"CNN political hack Alison Camarota wants to nail President Trump but Former Independent Counsel Ken Starr says he sees  no obstruction . Starr goes on to say that it s a very hard case to make. Camarota comes back and tries to make the  HOPE  comment by Trump to be an admission of guilt Starr isn t buying it:She really, really wants this but Starr says she s  going to intent . It s very hard to prove and to know someone s intent BINGO! Starr hit the nail on the head with the last comment!Starr also goes through the same thing with George Stephanopolous: Notice how Stephanopoulos tries desperately to get Ken Starr to claim Trump is guilty It s a full-on deep state press with the constant media bashing of President Trump. It s become a surreal experience to just attempt to listen to the blathering liberals on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, MSNBC and other local liberal hack stations. All credibility is lost ",0
10602,KILL LIST OF REPUBLICANS Found On Body Of James Hodgkinson…The Dem Hate-Speech Is Working,"The deranged shooter who tried to kill Republican Congressmen practicing at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia was carrying a  kill list  of  Republicans including Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks. If the Democrats aren t convinced their vitriolic speech is motivating people to violence, this is yet another example of the targeting of conservatives and Republican lawmakers that s been going on since Trump announced his candidacy.Who can forget the egg in the face of a trump supporter or the assaults of numerous people at rallies in support of candidate Trump. Since Trump won, the hate and violence has continued from the inauguration to the Berkeley Antifa riots.Note to Democrat leaders: You own this!Hodgkinson spewed left-wing talking points on Facebook, consistently railing against Republicans and the wealthy: We all know that the rich don t pay enough taxes. The Daily Caller reports:The list was written out on notepad paper and found in the shooter s pocket, according to multiple sources with intimate knowledge of the situation, who spoke on condition of anonymity, citing the sensitivity of the investigation. The list of names included Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks, South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan and Arizona Rep. Trent Franks, The DC has confirmed.The FBI has contacted at least one of the three congressmen to inform them of their inclusion on the list.None of the three offices would offer comments on the record when asked about the names on the list. Brooks and Franks  office further directed all inquiries to the Capitol police, who declined to comment. The FBI s Washington field office, which is handling the investigation, also provided no comment, citing the ongoing investigation.All three representatives are members of the House Freedom Caucus, which contains the lower chamber s most conservative members. Both Duncan and Brooks attended Wednesday s baseball practice.Duncan is a Trump supporter Check out the socks!",0
10603,"CONSERVATIVE ACTIVIST, Author Mike Chernovich Calls On Americans To Join Him In Disrupting TRUMP ASSASSINATION Play In Central Park","The Washington Post [Compost] reports: So far, three major corporate sponsors and the NEA have felt it necessary to distance themselves from the show,  Eustis said in an interview Thursday.  And I feel just heartsick for the NEA. That they re forced to distance themselves from a work of art   oh, my God. Eustis was referring to the statement the National Endowment for the Arts issued Monday, after the Public s production of Shakespeare s storied play came under attack from ultraconservative websites and even from one of the sons of President Trump, who questioned whether it was taxpayer-supported. They targeted the production because of the obvious references it draws to the current president and the depiction in the play of the assassination of its Caesar-as-Trump figure, played by Gregg Henry.Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a message asking if the assassination of his father should be funded by taxpayers: No NEA funds have been awarded to support this summer s Shakespeare in the Park production of  Julius Caesar  and there are no NEA funds supporting the New York State Council on the Arts s grant to Public Theater or its performances,  the NEA declared, in what struck many in the arts world as an extraordinary act of disavowal. It came as two high-profile corporate supporters of Shakespeare in the Park, Delta Air Lines and Bank of America, withdrew financial backing, and a third, American Express, said that its contributions go exclusively to the Public s main theater in downtown Manhattan and it did not condone the interpretation staged in Central Park.Instead of recognizing that the theater group had crossed a line that should not have been crossed, Eustis is willing to take a loss at the box office in order to keep the assassination of President Trump on stage in front of thousands of families in Central Park: As for the Public s future in this climate, Eustis said,  This is damaging for us and we definitely lost money, and nobody likes losing money. But we will survive it. Here is the link to get FREE tickets to the performance. Click HERE to see a video about how to get FREE tickets.New York!Who wants to go watch the Trump assassination play maybe use some ""free speech"" during the play?https://t.co/64WAPvQjBT pic.twitter.com/7zDQcjNX7y  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) June 15, 2017These Twitter users suggest skipping the ticket process and instead use the same techniques as leftist agitators, like whistles and drums or bongos and cowbells to disrupt the production:If it's in a park can't we just go to the park and bring our whistles and drums  Ralph Butler (@secure1man) June 15, 2017bongos and cowbells for everyone  Deplorable Snuzzlez (@SnuzzleBabiez) June 15, 2017",0
10604,PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes Huge Announcement on Obama’s Cuba Policy: “We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP S REMARKS TODAY IN MIAMI INCLUDE A TOTAL CHANGE FROM THE OBAMA POLICY another campaign promise fulfilled:  I am canceling the last administration s completely one-sided deal with Cuba. We will not lift sanctions on the Cuban regime until all political prisoners are free We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uLN_ByJia4The president held a rally with a cheering crowd in Miami s Cuban-American enclave of Little Havana. He included Senator Marco Rubio, who helped with the new restrictions on Cuba.THE CROWD IN LITTLE HAVANA CLEARLY LOVES THE POTUS:The crowd in Miami yells  We love you  & @potus answers  I love you, too  standing ovation & chants of  USA!  pic.twitter.com/zKUtv76Jll  Jennifer S. Korn (@jennifersks) June 16, 2017THE CROWD BEGAN TO SING  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE PRESIDENT:Crowd starts singing  Happy Birthday  to President Trump during his #Cuba speech. What a beautiful moment  pic.twitter.com/eW3wEsbgcH  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 16, 2017THIS IS THE BEST TWEET OF THE DAY:President Trump ""Effective immediately, I am cancelling the Obama Administration's deal with Cuba""Thank U Trump No More Leading From Behind pic.twitter.com/qAhgho8P3c  Immigrants 4 Trump (@immigrant4trump) June 16, 2017 ",0
10605,"DEM PARTY OFFICIAL, Chair Of Black Caucus, Bernie Sanders Supporter Calls Reactions To Shooting Of Republican Steve Scalise, “So Funny”…REFUSES To Resign","A Nebraska Democratic Party official has refused calls to resign her volunteer position after calling reactions to this week s shooting of a high-ranking Republican member of Congress  so funny  on social media.NOT FUNNY: Representative Steve Scalise (R-LA) a married father of two young children, is listed in critical condition after a 66 yr. old Democrat and Bernie Sanders supporter opened fire on Republicans who were practicing for their annual Democrat-Republican charity baseball game in Alexandria, VA.Chelsey Gentry-Tipton of Omaha said in statement that she will not resign as chairwoman of the party s Black Caucus, saying her post was taken out of context by party officials.Screen shot below is taken from Gentry-Tipton s Facebook page:The Nebraska party s leadership asked Gentry-Tipton to step down Wednesday, several hours after she wrote, in a Facebook thread about the shooting at in Alexandria, Virginia,  Watching the congressman crying on live tv abt the trauma they experienced. Y is this so funny tho? House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., was shot in the early morning incident at a Washington, D.C., area baseball field. Four others were shot or injured. The gunman was shot and later died.Messages left Thursday with Gentry-Tipton seeking an interview were not immediately returned.Jane Kleeb, chairwoman of the Nebraska Democrats, said the news media s interest in what amounts to an internal party dispute was troubling and distracted from the more important issue of gun violence. Nonetheless, she confirmed that she and the party s central committee were  deeply disappointed  in the comments. Anyone who commits violence against anyone is wrong,  Kleeb said Thursday.  Anyone who makes insensitive comments about gun violence is wrong. For me that s the end of the story. In a separate Facebook post, Gentry-Tipton refused  at this point  to resign. Via: Omaha World-Herald",0
10606,"TENNESSEE: ARMED FUGITIVES Wanted For Murder Of 2 Prison Guards, One Who Was Working Overtime To Care For Sick Wife, Get Big SURPRISE When BRAVE Armed Citizen Nabs Them [VIDEO]","Feel good story of the day Two escaped inmates sought in the killings of two guards on a Georgia prison bus were captured after a chase and being held at gunpoint by a rural Tennessee homeowner whose vehicle they were trying to steal, authorities said.Donnie Rowe, 43, and Ricky Dubose, 24, were apprehended Thursday in the rural community of Christiana, Tennessee, ending a multi-state manhunt that began Tuesday morning. True bravery is what s caused us to stand before you tonight to talk about a successful capture instead of a tragic incident,  Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said at a news conference.  So I m totally grateful to everyone involved. Earlier in the day, police in nearby Shelbyville had responded to a call about a home invasion, where a couple had been held captive, Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Nelly Miles said.The suspects fled in the couple s vehicle and fired on sheriff s deputies chasing them on Interstate 24 about 50 miles southeast of Nashville, Tennessee, Highway Patrol spokesman Lt. Bill Miller said. Rutherford County Sheriff Michael Fitzhugh said his deputies did not return fire and none of them was injured.Rowe and Dubose crashed the car and bailed out, running into the woods, Miller said. They then came across a home set back on a long driveway.The trooper said the homeowner looked outside and saw the two allegedly trying to steal his car. The man held the two at gunpoint with a neighbor he called for help until the sheriff s department could get there to arrest the fugitives.The two were being held at the Rutherford County jail.Georgia Department of Corrections Commissioner Greg Dozier said in a news release that he was relieved the two inmates were captured and no longer a threat to the public.The two men had been on the run since early Tuesday, when they are accused of having killed Sgt. Christopher Monica and Sgt. Curtis Billue.Watch:The two inmates overpowered and disarmed the guards on a bus about 6:45 a.m. Tuesday as 33 inmates were being driven between prisons, authorities have said. One of them fatally shot both guards, and then they jumped out of the bus and carjacked a driver who happened to pull up behind them on state Highway 16 in Putnam County, southeast of Atlanta, authorities said.The two inmates then fled in the stolen Honda Civic and drove about 25 miles north to Madison, where they ransacked a home, stealing food and clothes and leaving their prison uniforms behind around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday.Late Tuesday night, about 12 hours after the home burglary, the pair stole a Ford pickup truck from a rock quarry about 9 miles from the burglarized home when the trail had gone cold. Daily Mail",0
10607,GEORGIA REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE’S Neighborhood Blocked Off After Threatening Discovery in Mailboxes: “Your neighbor Karen Handel is a dirty fascist”,"We just reported on the Virginia shooter s message to Karen Handel (see below) and now this. Is anyone going to want to be a candidate for anything if this threatening behavior continues? The left has gotten so dangerous in their rhetoric and their violence. Whoever did this should be punished to the max to set an example for other leftists.Georgia Republican Karen Handel s neighborhood HAS BEEN BLOCKED OFF after reports that letters containing a white powdery substance and calling Handel a  dirty fascist  were left at homes of her neighbors.Police officers have been going from mailbox to mailbox after finding the  suspicious package,  according to local reports, which also indicate that Roswell police continue to flood to the area.The content of the threatening letter, posted below, contains graphic language. Your neighbor Karen Handel is a dirty fascist cunt but I m sure you already knew that,  the letter says, according to a picture.  Take a whiff of the powder and join her in the hospital you Bourgeoisie motherfuckers. RESIST THE FASCIST TAKEOVER!!!!,  it says.   STRING UP THE COLLABORATORS!  The situation is being monitored by local WSB-TV by a helicopter.Handel acknowledged the reports and said her campaign was coordinating with local law enforcement. This afternoon we had some suspicious packages delivered to our house and to our neighbors,  Handel said.  The packages contained threatening letters and a suspicious substance. The police were quickly notified and street is now being blocked off. We will continue to coordinate with law enforcement as necessary. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON HANDEL S RESPONSE TO THE VIRGINIA SHOOTER:Candidate Handel s Excellent Response to Alexandria Shooter Calling Her A  Republican B**ch PLEASE NOTE THAT HANDEL AND DEMOCRAT JOHN OSOFF ARE IN A BATTLE THAT WILL TAKE PLACE ON JUNE 20TH IN THE 6TH DISTRICT GEORGIA RUNOFF   GET OUT AND VOTE HANDEL!IF YOU WANT TO DONATE TO KAREN HANDEL: DONATE HEREKaren Handel, the Republican candidate for Congress in Georgia s sixth district, on Wednesday afternoon addressed that morning s shooting at a Republican congressional baseball team practice.A gunman who police identified as James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Va., wounding five people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R., La.). Hodgkinson had penned a Facebook rant against Handel last week. My thoughts are with the victims of this morning s despicable, unprovoked attack on the Republican congressional softball team,  wrote Handel, Georgia s former secretary of state.  Representative Scalise is a friend, and my heart goes out to him and his family. Steve and I wish him and the others wounded a speedy recovery. They remain in our thoughts and prayers. I also want to commend the heroic actions of the Capitol Police officers who clearly prevented today s attack from being a much bigger tragedy,  she wrote.Handel also addressed expletive comments that Hodgkinson made about her on social media.Hodgkinson posted an article about Handel to his Facebook, calling her a  Republican Bitch  who wants  People to Work for Slave Wages,  NBC affiliate WXIA reported. Republican Bitch Wants People to Work for Slave Wages, when a Livable Wage is the Only Way to Go! Vote Blue, It s Right for You!  Hodgkinson wrote on Facebook. I am aware that the suspect recently made vile comments about me on social media,  Handel said in her statement.  It also appears that the suspect targeted members of Congress specifically because he disagreed with their views. Hodgkinson s social media posts indicate he was a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) and loathed President Donald Trump and Republican policies.Handel echoed calls by others, including House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), for bipartisan unity following the attack. We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way,  she wrote.  Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree. READ MORE: WFB",0
10608,"WOW! ALEX JONES Releases Secretly Recorded Interview With Megyn Kelly: “I’ve never done this in 22 years, I’ve never recorded another journalist, but I knew it was a fraud, that it was lie” [VIDEO]","Alex Jones scooped NBC and Megyn Kelly with a secretly recorded conversation he had with Kelly, where she begged him to agree to allow her interview him. Kelly can be heard offering her assurances that she would never disparage him.The controversial Infowars host released the contents of their conversation   which he claims to have recorded   on his website Thursday night. Jones even released a teaser of what appears to be a secretly recorded conversation with Kelly (below). I ve never done this in 22 years, I ve never recorded another journalist, but I knew it was a fraud, that it was lie,  Jones said in a video posted on Twitter.  God, she was like,  I want to get steaks with you, I m obsessed with you, oh my god,  wiggling around in her seat. It was all crap. I knew it was all a lie. I said Sandy Hook happened, and she wouldn t even put it in the promo pieces. So we re going to release   oh yeah   the pre-interview. And then when they put the fraud out on Sunday   which I ve asked them not to air because they re misrepresenting who I am and say I m as bad as Saddam Hussein  we ve got the whole interviews here   You re going to hear what I actually said  it s all going to come out tonight.   Entertainment WeeklyThe tweet was accompanied by an audio recording of what sounds like Kelly assuring Jones her interview would be fair.How Alex Jones outsmarted Megyn Kelly:Alex Jones Megyn Kelly Full Interview Leaked   https://t.co/eUpED1XSoU   #NBCFakeNews #msmFail #infowars  Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) June 16, 2017",0
10609,"INDIANA: “BLACK MALE” FIRES Several SHOTS At Truck With Make America Great Again, USA Flags…HELP Police Find Him","Indiana State Police say shots were fired at a truck carrying a  Make America Great Again  flag and an American flag on eastbound I-465 Tuesday.Officers believe the shots were fired from a newer white 4-door Chevrolet Malibu with a Louisiana plate near Emerson Avenue around 4 p.m.The victim and a witness informed police that the Malibu pulled up next to the pickup truck, a passenger held a handgun out of the window and then a male fired several shots.Police say no one was in injured in the incident.The driver of the Malibu was described as a black male around the age of 23. The passenger was described as a light skinned black male with a sleeve tattoo on his right arm.Via: FOX 59",0
10610,JUST IN! SURPRISE GUEST Shows Up At Nationals Park To Watch GOP Congressional Baseball Game For Charity [VIDEO],"Shortly after 7 a.m. on Wednesday, the police say, James T. Hodgkinson, of Belleville, Ill., opened fire on a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., just steps from the Y.M.C.A., spraying bullets at members of the Republican congressional team practicing there.Four people were shot in the assault, including Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the majority whip and third-ranking Republican in the House. An ensuing firefight with the police took Mr. Hodgkinson s life.The suspect s brother said Mr. Hodgkinson was a critic of Mr. Trump, upset over last fall s election and intent on bringing his protest to Washington. But his more immediate motive for the attack remained unclear late Wednesday, even as investigators surrounded Mr. Hodgkinson s home on the outskirts of Belleville, a town of 40,000 across the Mississippi River from St. Louis. I know he wasn t happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,  his brother, Michael Hodgkinson, said in a phone interview after he received the news on Wednesday.  NYTRepresentative Steve Scalise (R-LA), a husband and father of 2 young children is still listed in critical condition, simply because his political views didn t align with those of the radical Democrat Party to which the shooter belonged.Brave members of the GOP were determined not to allow what happened to stop them from playing in tonight s game. They took a knee before the game and prayed for their friend and colleague Steve Scalise:The congressional players who witnessed the shootings by the liberal Democrat terrorist yesterday, got a surprise visit from Ivanka Trump at the game tonight. Watch MI Republican Rep. Mike Bishop (#8) who was on the field when Rep. Steve Scalise was shot, pose for a picture with Ivanka Trump:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/875493467471962112President Trump also took time to address the players and to send his love, thoughts and prayers to Steve Scalise and his family:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/875507877535993861President Trump and First Lady Melania visited Steve Scalise in the hospital last night:",0
10611,FATHER OF STUDENT Released From N. Korean Prison Slams Obama…Uses ONE WORD To Describe President Trump That Will Make Liberals Cringe [VIDEO],"Another consequence of weak leadership NYP The father of the American who was recently sent home from North Korea praised the Trump administration on Thursday after his son was released and said the Obama administration s  results speak for themselves. Fred Warmbier spoke to the media about his son Otto s comatose state and imprisonment by the North Korean regime.After thanking Sen. Rob Portman (R., Ohio) for his support and assistance, Warmbier recounted how his son was freed. When Otto was first taken, we were advised by the past administration to take a low profile while they worked to obtain his release,  Warmbier said.  We did so without result. Earlier this year, Cindy and I decided the time for strategic patience was over, and we made a few media appearances and traveled to Washington to meet with Ambassador Joe Yun at the State Department. He said it was his understanding that Ambassador Yun, at the direction of President Donald Trump,  aggressively pursued resolution of the situation. They have our thanks for bringing Otto home,  he said.He described his son s return as bittersweet. Relief that Otto is now home in arms of those who love him and anger that he was so brutally treated for so long,  he said.Warmbier also said he received a phone call from President Trump late Wednesday that he described as  kind. The last thing liberals want to hear the father of Otto Warbmier is that he was grateful for President Trump s help in bringing his son home or that he would describe him as being  kind. WFB   Warmbier had this to say about the North Korean regime at a news conference at Wyoming High School where Otto graduated in 2013 as class salutatorian: They are a pariah regime They re brutal and terroristic. The University of Virginia student returned to Ohio late Tuesday and hospitalized after being detained for 18 months in the Hermit Kingdom after being convicted of stealing a propaganda poster from a hotel.His father said he is stable,  but has suffered a severe neurological injury. Warmbier took questions from the media, including from one reporter who asked more about the Obama administration s handling of Otto s imprisonment. You thanked President Trump and then you also said that the past administration didn t do enough, so do you feel like then-President Obama should have been doing more to help?  the reporter asked.After restating the question for other reporters who could not hear it, Warmbier gave a quick answer. The question was, do I think the past administration could have done more? I think the results speak for themselves,  Warmbier said.Watch:",0
10612,"WATCH NANCY PELOSI Say She’s “Heartbroken Over Death” Of Rep. Steve Scalise, Who’s Still Alive In Hospital [VIDEO]","Nancy Pelosi attempted to offer her (incoherent) thoughts on the Democrat inspired shooting of US Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) that took place yesterday at the hands of 66 yr. old Bernie Sanders supporter and Trump hater in Alexandria, VA. In case anyone hasn t noticed, Nancy seems to be living in an alternate world lately. She s frequently confused and regularly makes nonsensical remarks, but referring to a fellow congressional member who s in critical condition in the hospital as deceased? Really Nancy?Watch:https://twitter.com/joshdcaplan/status/875413158600613889When will Nancy s voters begin to demand she take a competency test or step aside for the good of the nation?Here are just a few of Nancy s latest and best missteps. They would almost be humorous if she wasn t working as a public servant with a great deal of responsibility.On April 26, 2017, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi appeared on Meet the Press and gave a completely incoherent response to a question about the border wall. For the second time in a matter of weeks, progressive leftist Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi displayed what many believe can only be accredited to having a severe case of  Trump Derangement Syndrome.  While speaking to ABC s Jonathan Karl, Nancy confused the presidency of Donald Trump with George W. Bush for the second time since President Trump s inauguration.During two public appearances in March 2017, Nancy confused Iran with Iraq, pronounced words strangely, and claimed Republicans are offering a  Mini Me  or  Mickey Mouse  budget. Ends her very strange press conference by saying,  I don t know. But there s no  there there .  We re beginning to wonder if Nancy is still  there ?Is Nancy so flustered and panicked by Trump s presidency and her diminished role in Congress that she is no longer able to speak in public? Or, is it possible (all kidding aside) that she needs to be examined by a medical professional?You be the judge ",0
10613,UNHINGED PELOSI: It’s “Outrageous” That Republicans Blame Dems for Shooting: “Somewhere in the 90’s the Republicans went on the politics of personal destruction” [Video],"Well, that didn t take long Nancy Pelosi went on a unhinged angry rant at Republicans for blaming yesterday s shooting on left-wing rhetoric. While she doesn t say it s appropriate to talk about she goes on to rant at Republicans for any comment blaming Democrats: Somewhere in the 90 s the Republicans went on the politics of personal destruction Here s the second part of Pelosi s ridiculous response:The gunman who shot Steve Scalise was a strong political supporter of Bernie Sanders. He had a Facebook page and twitter account full of hate for Republicans and President Trump. Anyone with half a brain would know this man committed this heinous crime for political reasons. Nancy Pelosi acts innocent in all this hate and political terrorism when she was just recorded laughing at the California DNC Chair flipping off President Trump and saying,  F*ck Trump! : A reporter asked:  Can you comment on the possibility that this incident could be used against Democrats or the Democratic Party politically because the assailant was apparently motivated by some kind of anti-Republican sentiment and we have heard comments from Republicans, including Congress, about vitriol rhetoric from the left being in some way to blame? Pelosi responded with the most idiotic comment: The comments made by my Republican colleagues are outrageous. Beneath of the dignity of the job they hold, beneath the dignity of the respect we would like Congress to command. How dare they say such a thing. How dare they Pelosi went on to point out the past rhetoric that came from Republicans, including President Donald Trump. Probably as we sit here, they re running caricatures of me and Georgia once again of over $100 million, of vitriolic things they say that resulted in calls to my home constantly, threats in front of my grandchildren really predicated on their comments and their paid ads,  Pelosi said. So this sick individual does something despicable, and it was horrible what he did, hateful, but for them to all of a sudden be sanctimonious as if they ve never seen such a thing before  and I don t even want to go into the president of the United States. But in terms of some of the language that he has used  So, again, let s go there another day. This woman needs to retire PRONTO!",0
10614,A MUST WATCH! Mark Steyn Calls Out Political Violence On The Left: “They’ve got to own this!” [Video],"Mark Steyn was on fire last night! If you were lucky enough to hear his brilliant take on the left, you know he hit it out of the park with his commentary. Note that it gets really good in the last minute. He s awesome!STEYN DISCUSSED THE  DEHUMANIZING  OF YOUR OPPOSITION IN A SPECIAL OP-ED ABOUT THE POISONING OF ROBERT SPENCER: The Poisoning of Robert Spencer,  by Mark Steyn, May 18, 2017:For years now I ve said that anti-free-speech leftists and the men who slaughtered the staff of Charlie Hebdo, shot up Lars Vilks  event in Copenhagen, etc, are merely different points on the same continuum: They re both in the shut-up business: both groups find it quicker and easier and more satisfying to silence you than to debate you.There were those who found the comparison offensive   to whom I would on good-humored days grant that the two points on the same continuum were nevertheless some distance apart.Well, they got considerably closer in Reykjavik last week.Robert Spencer, the author of several bestselling books on Islam, a brave crusader against the dopier multiculti illusions and the proprietor of the indispensable Jihad Watch, gave a speech at the Grand Hotel, went to unwind at dinner afterwards, and was poisoned by a social-justice warrior. Here s Robert s account of what happened That s quite a sophisticated operation   a two-man team, the first a fake fan, the second a post-kiss-of-death gloater.Before the banking crash of  08, Iceland was flush, and celebs like Elton John were flown in for gala bashes. But it s all quietened down a bit since then, so the Spencer event was a big deal. He drew an audience of 500   which in a town of 125,000 and a nation of 300,000 is pretty impressive. There was lots of coverage of his visit   none of which actually quoted him or excerpted his speech or interviewed those who were interested in hearing what he had to say. Instead the media preferred to cover the few dozen protestors of his trip. In all the column inches devoted to Robert Spencer, no journalist thought to seek a comment from Robert Spencer. There are two sides to every story   except this guy s story: he doesn t deserve a side.This kind of dehumanization sends a message   and the man who poisoned Robert got it loud and clear:Those who paint the targets, and those who shoot at them, think they re doing something great. Not only does the Left fill those whom it brainwashes with hate, but it does so while portraying its enemies as the hatemongers, such that violent Leftists such as the young man who drugged me feel righteous as they victimize and brutalize for the crime of disagreement.I have no doubt whatsoever that whoever poisoned me in Iceland went away feeling happy over what he had done. If he told anyone what he did, I m sure he was hailed as a hero. I m also aware that many who read this will crow and exult in knowing that someone who hates my opposition to jihad terror and Sharia oppression made me seriously ill. This is how degenerate and evil the Left has become.I don t know how I d stand up to a cocktail of Ritalin and Ecstasy. I do know there s at least one person in my modest entourage it would kill. And I have no doubt that had the fellow in the restaurant switched on the radio the following morning and heard that Robert Spencer had died in hospital overnight he would have celebrated.Like the guns at Singapore, the social-justice mob s fingers are pointing in the wrong direction: They accuse their opponents endlessly of  otherization ; yet they are the ones who so deny the humanity of  the other  that it seems cool and heroic to attempt to kill a chap who gave a speech you object to   even though you never heard the speech, and, even if you had, are incapable of articulating what exactly in it you take issue with.Douglas Murray and I noted after the tenth anniversary of the Mohammed cartoons how strangely controversial the post-event dinner has become. In Copenhagen, the restaurant panicked at the sight of the PET   the Danish security-service agents   and canceled our booking. As Douglas wrote:Ten years ago, you could publish depictions of Mohammed in a Danish newspaper. Ten years later, it is hard for anyone who has been connected with such an act to find a restaurant in Copenhagen that will serve them dinner.For those in Robert Spencer s line of work, these events are undeniably stressful. There are security precautions, of course, but you never know, from the Vilks event in Copenhagen to Robert s in Garland, Texas, whether some jihadist will succeed in breaking through. There s a sense of relief when you exit the stage and it s all gone off without incident. You re looking forward to a drink and a bite to eat in convivial company. And you re on your post-performance high, so you re generally bonhomous when people approach professing to be fans and seeking a selfie or an autograph. And there s three or four and they re all around you, and you put your drink down on the table   as Douglas and I did again and again in the bar we wound up in late that night. And the fans move on, and you pick up your glass without a thought Robert Spencer will never do that again.The social-justice crowd are moving toward the same point as the Charlie Hebdo killers, and for the same reason: They re too stupid to argue. For the Islamic imperialists, debate is a largely alien concept. For the left, it s simply too much effort. As I said here many years ago, the great appeal of multiculturalism is that it absolves you from having to know anything about other cultures: If they re all equally valid, what s the point? Slap on the CO-EXIST bumper sticker and off you tootle. No need to worry whether the  C  might have a bit of a problem with some of the other letters, and that indeed, if not for the  C , you wouldn t need a bumper-sticker admonition to CO-EXIST in the first place. But, after two generations of social engineering, of the substitution of attitudes for education, it would require too much effort to equip yourself to argue against the difficult questions a man such as Robert Spencer raises. It s literally easier to kill him.Not yet in the blood-lusting exultant scimitar-raising style of the decapitators of French priests. But just through whatever you ve got in your stash that might ensure he ll be flying out of Reykjavik by the handles. So for the moment there is still a continuum. But it s narrowing, and will narrow still.Get well soon, Robert.",0
10615,MSNBC’S CHRIS MATTHEWS DEFENDS VA SHOOTER: “He did understand inequality” [Video],"Chris Matthews tried his best to create sympathy for the loser who shot random Republicans. Can you believe it? MSNBC host Chris Matthews got political in his defense of Alexandria shooter James T. Hodgkinson:  We don t know what sadness was in this guy s life ,,,,Blah, Blah, Blah INEQUALITY!Matthews had the unbelievable gaul to bring up sympathy for this guy making an excuse for his heinous act by using class warfare  inequality  is exactly the twisted thinking that caused this loser to shoot people:Hodgkinson was a hater of Republicans and President Trump. He volunteered for Sen. Bernie Sanders during the 2016 election. His deranged view of conservatives lead to the shooting.Check out the word salad ramble of Matthews trying to somehow justify what would make someone shoot Republicans: Howard, you and I know each other. You know what goes into somebody s we can say wacky behavior because they re dead. We don t know what sadness was in this guy s life   what his prospects were. Something that made him mad at the world so he focused on Republicans. He did understand inequality as an issue. Bernie Sanders wrote about that in the paper the other day. There s nothing wrong with the issue. It s a great issue to fight for if you re a progressive. But he got it into his head that he was going to get better equality of incomes in this country by killing people. That s not going to happen. ",0
10616,CRITICALLY WOUNDED GOP Rep. Steve Scalise Stood By Trump When Others Deserted Him…Recently Made Adorable Birthday Video Message With Trump For His Daughter [VIDEO],"Trump-hating, Bernie Sanders supporter and domestic terrorist James T. Hodgkinson, 66, from Belleville, Illinois, was killed by Capitol Police after firing up to 100 rounds from an assault rifle at a baseball park in Alexandria, Virginia, leaving five injured including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at 7am on Wednesday.Scalise s condition worsened throughout the afternoon and was deemed critical by hospital staff after he he was released from emergency surgery on his hip.Two Capitol Police officers were shot as they bravely returned fire on Hodgkinson while the lawmakers scrambled across the field to safety. Congressional staffer Zachary Barth and lobbyist Matt Mika were also shot but both are expected to recover.  Daily MailDuring the 2016 election, Congressman Steve Scalise was a supporter of Donald Trump. Unlike some Republicans, Scalise continued to support his party s nominee after the leaked Access Hollywood tape on which Trump could be heard bragging about grabbing women by the private parts.Steve Scalise stood by Trump, even after the Access Hollywood tape leak when so many Republicans abandonedHe is one of us pic.twitter.com/5t54yEnWKq  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) June 15, 2017 Let me be clear, Donald Trump will do more to rebuild our middle class, get our economy moving again, strengthen our national defense, and appoint Supreme Court Justices who uphold our Constitution rather than rewrite it,  Scalise told The Advocate.  Those are the reasons I ve supported Donald Trump for President and that is why I will continue to do so. In March, Donald Trump recorded a special message for Steve Scalise s daughter on her birthday:.@POTUS has an important message for my daughter Madison on her 10th birthday! pic.twitter.com/GRlz1YJECh  Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) March 17, 2017Steve Scalise was also a supporter of President Donald Trump s original travel ban signed in January. ISIS has said they want to infiltrate a lot of these refugee programs and we ve seen them carry that out in Europe,  Scalise said.  So we want to make sure that people who are coming into the United States aren t being infiltrated by terrorist organizations and until that can be done I think this freeze from certain countries, where we cannot vet, makes a lot of sense.    Heavy",0
10617,PRESIDENT TRUMP AND FIRST LADY Visit Rep. Steve Scalise In The Hospital,"What a class act! The President and First Lady visited Rep. Steve Scalise in the hospital last night:President #Trump and First Lady Melania visit Rep. Steve Scalise in the hospital and bring him flowers  pic.twitter.com/SSkor0Rm1L  John Binder   (@JxhnBinder) June 15, 2017President Trump planned to make a visit past 8 p.m. ET to Medstar Washington Medical Center, where Rep. Steve Scalise, the number three House Republican, underwent surgery earlier Wednesday for wounds sustained in the shooting, which took place outside Washington.The hospital said after the surgery that Scalise remained in critical condition. A US Capitol Police officer who was also hurt in the gun attack was also receiving treatment at the facility, situated about three miles northeast of the White House. THE PRESIDENT TWEETED ABOUT HIS VISIT:Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape   but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017 Ahead of his visit, a White House official said Trump may only be able to visit Scalise s family, which has gathered at the facility, since the lawmaker himself remains critically ill.MARK KNOLLER tweeted out that the First lady brought flowers to the hospital:Press pool told @FLOTUS accompanied Pres to the hospital and has brought flowers for Rep. Scalise, who had to undergo surgery today.  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) June 15, 2017LEAVING THE HOSPITAL:Photo of @POTUS and @FLOTUS leaving MedStar Hospital following visit to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise. pic.twitter.com/7FHCqrhfgf  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 15, 2017President Trump has been hailed by both sides of the aisle. He came out and spoke almost immediately after this attack on Republicans. Great job!How sweet is this! Back on March 17th President Trump sent a message to the 10-year old daughter of Rep. Scalise:.@POTUS has an important message for my daughter Madison on her 10th birthday! pic.twitter.com/GRlz1YJECh  Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) March 17, 2017 Read more: ABC",0
10618,SIX PROMINENT DEMOCRATS WHO CALLED FOR VIOLENCE Against Americans That Don’t Agree With Their Politics [VIDEO],"Today s act of terror against a GOP Congressional baseball team by a Bernie Sanders supporter was about as ugly and hateful as anyone could imagine. But no one should be surprised by this violent act, given how many leaders in the Democrat Party have been calling for violence against anyone who disagrees with their radical progressive agenda, starting with our former president and community organizer, Barack Obama. Below, is a list of 6 prominent Democrats who have called for violence against Americans who disagree with them. Of course, their actions have largely been ignored and deemed acceptable behavior by their allies in the mainstream media #1. President Obama s grassroots Organizing for Action, in a message to supporters, said that voters turned their back on them and it is time respond by fighting  harder than we ever have before. That Barack Obama would suggest Democrats fight harder than ever before should come as no surprise to anyone who s been paying attention. The former president and community organizer is no stranger to calling for violence against anyone who doesn t agree with him.In 2008, he made a comment about rubbing out his opponents the  Chicago way  when he suggested  If they [Republicans] bring a knife to the fight, we [Democrats] bring a gun. Obama also joked about rubbing out his opponents #TheChicagoWay:""If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun,  #Obama, Philly, 2008  John Kass (@John_Kass) August 10, 2016Here s a video highlighting some of our former community organizer in chief s violent comments:Scrapping any intention to work with the new administration, the message from OFA s BarackObama.com said,  we re not backing down. The email to supporters was a clear rallying cry to fight the incoming Trump administration, despite Obama s pledge to help the new team.OFA s Jeremy Bird said,  If you re anything like me, you re still sorting through the events of the past week and a half. It s hard   there s no way to sugarcoat that. Vulnerable communities are feeling like this country has turned its back on them. And years of hard work are on the chopping block, seemingly overnight. Maybe you re feeling disillusioned, cynical, or frustrated. But now is not the time to walk away   now is the time to get in the ring and fight harder than we ever have before. Washington Examiner#2. Hillary Clinton s former running mate Tim Kaine called for Democrats to  fight in the streets against Trump. Kaine, whose son was recently charged for his involvement in a riot during a pro-Trump event, had appeared on MSNBC in January, calling for members of his party to  fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box. Kaine s 24-year-old  son Linwood Kaine was charged in May with  fleeing police on foot, concealing his identity in a public place, and obstructing legal process,  after a masked group he was with threw smoke bombs into a pro-Trump rally in Minneapolis, Minnesota in March.#2. Former U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch posted a video urging people to march, bleed, and die in the streets.In February, Obama s attorney general posted a video in which she urged people to march and bleed in the streets to resist the president and his administration. It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They ve marched, they ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again,  Lynch stated.#3. Hillary Clinton made a video where she told Democrats to  RESIST and to  stay engaged  through activism. She praised the people who were marching and protesting against anyone who doesn t agree with their progressive agenda.  Let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and for our country.  Clinton wrapped up her video by telling Democrats to,  Keep fighting! Watch:#4. Madonna tells women s march that she fantasizes about blowing up the White House.During the unhinged aging pop star s vulgar speech at the rally, she demanded that this was  the beginning of a revolution,  and called Trump s win a  horrific moment of darkness. Yes, I m angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House,  Madonna said.  But I know that this won t change anything. We cannot fall into despair.  -Big League Politics#5.  Comedian  Kathy Griffin made a career-ending decision to hold an ISIS inspired bloodied, decapitated head of President Trump up for a video, as part of a  comedy act . No one but Kathy and some hate-filled Democrats thought it was funny:#6. Three weeks before President Trump s inauguration, another unhinged  comedian  Rosie O Donnell tweeted:   DONALD TRUMP IS MENTALLY UNSTABLE.  She added,  LESS THAN 3 WEEKS TO STOP HIM AMERICA. Stop him?  Was Rosie calling for someone to harm or to  take out  Donald Trump before his inauguration? It sure sounds like it to us!",0
10619,"FLASHBACK: KEY DEMOCRATS Call for Violence in the Streets…”March, Bleed, Die” [Video]","And we wonder why violence like today s shooting happened The left started with the violence during the 2016 and continued to escalate it once they lost. We have key Democrats calling for violent resistance in the streets Sick!Can anyone imagine a sitting Republican Senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected Democratic President? Speaking of p*ssies On Tuesday Democratic Senator Time Kaine told the Morning Joe in an interview that Democrats need to fight the Trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to the at the ballot box.Partial Transcript:MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST  MORNING JOE : So, broad question about the future of the Democratic Party, especially given your firsthand experience with what we ve all been through. There s so much going on here that we clearly see, you know, places where you   we can criticize what the administration is doing, but how does the party rebuild? How do you prevent overreach in a situation like this? How do you prevent a continuation of the bubble in a situation like this, and how does the party reclaim its reach across the country while fighting these battles? SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): So, the way we get outside the bubble is we take advantage of this tremendous public outcry against the administration. What we ve got to do is fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box, and now there s the momentum to be able to do this. And we re not afraid of the popular outcry, we re energized by it and that s going to help us do our job and do it better.  -GPListen to faux man Tim Kaine call for fighting on the streets here. Pay special attention to his comment about the  Women s March  that  was organized under a grassroots  label.'  It sounds like Kaine s admitting that it was organized under a grassroots  label  but that it wasn t really grassroots at all. Why didn t he just come out and admit that it was organized by Soros, Obama and Planned Parenthood?Obama s former AG Loretta Lynch released a video that s a call to action for Democrats. These people who have been stripped of power after being so close to achieving their goals of fundamentally transforming America into something most Americans wouldn t recognize, are serious about starting a civil war in our nation. If you don t believe me, listen to the words of Obama s former AG, who compares the fight against President Trump and his supporters to that of the Civil War:  I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people. I know it s a time of concern for people, who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back. I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our Founding Fathers. (Lynch s statement about the Founding Fathers is quite ironic, considering that she worked hand-in-hand with former President Barack Obama to destroy the very fabric of our Constitution.) It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They ve marched, they ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again. We could also add the DNC s California Chair: In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we thought Tom Perez was bad: Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!",0
10620,Candidate Handel’s Excellent Response to Alexandria Shooter Calling Her A ‘Republican B**ch’," We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way,  she wrote.  Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree.    Georgia Congressional Candidate Karen HandelPLEASE NOTE THAT HANDEL AND DEMOCRAT JOHN OSOFF ARE IN A BATTLE THAT WILL TAKE PLACE ON JUNE 20TH IN THE 6TH DISTRICT GEORGIA RUNOFF   GET OUT AND VOTE HANDEL!IF YOU WANT TO DONATE TO KAREN HANDEL: DONATE HEREKaren Handel, the Republican candidate for Congress in Georgia s sixth district, on Wednesday afternoon addressed that morning s shooting at a Republican congressional baseball team practice.A gunman who police identified as James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Va., wounding five people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R., La.). Hodgkinson had penned a Facebook rant against Handel last week. My thoughts are with the victims of this morning s despicable, unprovoked attack on the Republican congressional softball team,  wrote Handel, Georgia s former secretary of state.  Representative Scalise is a friend, and my heart goes out to him and his family. Steve and I wish him and the others wounded a speedy recovery. They remain in our thoughts and prayers. I also want to commend the heroic actions of the Capitol Police officers who clearly prevented today s attack from being a much bigger tragedy,  she wrote.Handel also addressed expletive comments that Hodgkinson made about her on social media.Hodgkinson posted an article about Handel to his Facebook, calling her a  Republican Bitch  who wants  People to Work for Slave Wages,  NBC affiliate WXIA reported. Republican Bitch Wants People to Work for Slave Wages, when a Livable Wage is the Only Way to Go! Vote Blue, It s Right for You!  Hodgkinson wrote on Facebook. I am aware that the suspect recently made vile comments about me on social media,  Handel said in her statement.  It also appears that the suspect targeted members of Congress specifically because he disagreed with their views. Hodgkinson s social media posts indicate he was a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) and loathed President Donald Trump and Republican policies.Handel echoed calls by others, including House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), for bipartisan unity following the attack. We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way,  she wrote.  Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree. READ MORE: WFB",0
10621,SHOCKING RAW VIDEO OF ALEXANDRIA SHOOTING: Witness Takes Video with Phone [Video],"Noah Nathan was with his two dogs in an adjacent dog park when shots rang out this morning at an Alexandria, VA baseball field. The dramatic video from the shooting in Alexandria, captured by Nathan shows some of the chaos that ensued when a 66-year-old left-wing nut job opened fire on the GOP congressional team: In the dog park, Noah Nathan clutched two leashes. He watched bullets ricochet off a dirt path beyond the right field fence. He heard a cry go up from the players left on the field, directed toward the security guards who were swinging into action.More than 25 bullets can be heard ripping through the air in the footage, which was captured by a witness close to the field at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park.At one point, a man can be seen lying in the middle of the field. Do we know where he s at?  the man recording the video can be heard saying.  I assume people have been calling 911 already. The shooting continues for several minutes, with some pauses in between the gunfire. Toward the end of the video, several gunshots are fired in quick succession, as people shout in the background.The footage then shows several people crowd around the player on the field.The shooter has died and it s being reported he was homeless living out of a gym bag. It s also being reported he planned this attack for weeks.Read more: NYP",0
10622,GAFFE OF THE DAY: VA Gov. #TerryMcAuliffe Blames “Too Many” Guns for Shootings: “We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence” [Video],"VIRGINIA governor Terry McAuliffe decided to get political today when he spoke out during the presser for the Virginia shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise. Leave it to a political hack like McAuliffe to bring gun control into the discussion:  There are too many guns on the street. We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence. CONFUSION: VA Gov. Terry McAuliffe:  There are too many guns on the street. We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence.  pic.twitter.com/36EUPl4Jsb  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 14, 2017Leave it to this uneducated political snake to make this all about politics and gun control. He eventually corrected himself to say that it s just 93 people a day who are victims of gun violence. How many are saved BECAUSE they are armed with a gun? Lives were saved today because the Capitol Police were armed. That s all thanks to Steve Scalise who is a leader in Congress and gets protection. It they hadn t been there, who know how many would have been killed!McAuliffe is a Clinton crony who has always been a snake in the grass. He will do anything to get ahead politically. He s been involved in a questionable  redistricting in his state and prior to the 2016 election he made it possible for thousands of felons to vote. ",0
10623,#CongressionalBaseballGame Shooter Identified: #JamesHodgkinson Twitter and Facebook Show Loony Leftist Hate for Trump,"The shooter at the Congressional baseball practice has been identified. His name is James Hodgkinson The 66-year old white male from Illinois is a Bernie Sanders supporter. His Facebook and Twitter accounts are full of anti-Trump/pro-Bernie Sanders posts and pictures:UPDATE: PRESIDENT TRUMP just announced that Hodgkinson has died from his injuries. His Facebook page and Twitter have been inundated with angry conservatives who are so sick of the vile and hateful rhetoric from the left. He s a huge leftist who clearly hastes President Trump calling him a  traitor  on Facebook:This man clearly represents Trump Derangement Syndrome The left is still so angry that Trump was elected. It s sick and twisted!From the shooter s Facebook page:We just reported last weekend on protests across the country that got violent and even saw Antifa attacking a police horse with a weapon:A  female  Antifa member was arrested after using a flag pole w/ a silver nail at the end to stab a police horse in the neck during a riot. pic.twitter.com/yBMThRyUdn  /pol/ News Forever (@polNewsForever) June 12, 2017 The violence on social media and on the streets must stop. Conservatives have been attacked starting with the Trump campaign rallies and are still being attacked. Supporters of our president are even afraid to wear hats or t-shirts with his slogans. Anyone who wears a Trump item could be a target of violence.Leaders of the Democrat party need to stop with the hateful rhetoric NOW! Tom Perez WE RE TALKING TO YOU!",0
10624,SICK! Left-Wing Social Media Celebrates Shooting of Congressman: “Well that KKK f*cker deserved it” [Video],"Our full report on the horrible shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise is below these hate-filled comments from the left. We wanted you to see that the left wasted no time in continuing the rhetoric:Soon after Congressman Steve Scalise was shot by a crazed shooter, the left wasted no time with their hate-filled comments:Restless News published a meme saying the shooting was karma:A twitter user named Charles Barkley (not the real Charles Barkley): Well that KKK f*cker deserved it The left took on gun control mentioning Sandy Hook:Some on the left even brought up Obamacare: Rep. Steve Scalise was shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in a  deliberate attack.  A congressional staffer was also shot. Scalise is in surgery right now and is expected to recover.Rand Paul said Scalise being there likely saved everyone because his presence (he s leadership) meant Capitol Police were there.Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks who was on deck when the shooting occurred. The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.NBC News Special Report: Congressman Scalise, aides shot at baseball practice in Virginia https://t.co/KD9i1iP9MZ  Jason Calabretta (@JasonCalabretta) June 14, 2017In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team s coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer s injuries.According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a  deliberate attack. Two law enforcement sources say the suspect  is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they ve practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN  it would have been a massacre  without Capitol Hill Police.",0
10625,"BREAKING NEWS: SHOOTER Ambushes GOP Congressmen…ONE Congressman, TWO Police Officers SHOT In “Deliberate Attack”…Cops Prevented “MASSACRE” [VIDEO]","Rep. Steve Scalise was shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in a  deliberate attack.  A congressional staffer was also shot. Scalise is in surgery right now and is expected to recover.Rand Paul said Scalise being there likely saved everyone because his presence (he s leadership) meant Capitol Police were there.Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks who was on deck when the shooting occurred. The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.NBC News Special Report: Congressman Scalise, aides shot at baseball practice in Virginia https://t.co/KD9i1iP9MZ  Jason Calabretta (@JasonCalabretta) June 14, 2017In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team s coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer s injuries.According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a  deliberate attack. Two law enforcement sources say the suspect  is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they ve practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.Congressmen in attendance described  an injured Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base and lying there until the shooter was shot. The Congressmen then ran to help him. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police. It would have been a massacre without them.  -Rand Paul  We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with.    Congressman Mo BrooksArizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise s security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.  50 shots would be an understatement, I m quite sure,  Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire. Flake said two members of Scalise s security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest. Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that  I saw him for a second or two.  He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn t say anything.  The gun was a semiautomatic,  Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind.  It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter. It s come to this How will we bring America together if the Democrats keep fanning the flames of division?Read More: FOX News",0
10626,LOL! GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS Win NBA Title…Former “Sports Network” ESPN Obsesses Over Whether Or Not They’ll Visit White House [VIDEO],"Remember when the first question reporters asked players after winning a national championship went something like this:   Now that you ve reached the pinnacle of your career, where are you going?  to which the player would reply,  I m going to Disneyworld!  Since ESPN has become more of a liberal propaganda network than an actual sports network, their question has changed to asking about whether or not the players will dare to visit the White House, where the one man who liberals fear most currently resides.ESPN s obsession with President Trump is embarrassing. Instead of reporting about sports, they d rather report about how many crybaby, multi-millionaire athletes don t like our President and may choose to stay home in their safe-spaces as opposed to visiting the democratically elected President of the greatest country in the world. To put this in perspective, in less than 24 hours after winning the NBA championship, ESPN s senior NBA writer, The Undefeated s Marc Spears obsessed over whether or not the Golden State Warrior team would visit the White House. Seriously? After winning the coveted NBA championship, that s what basketball fans are supposed to care about? Did anyone at ESPN even consider that about 99.9% of their target market couldn t care less about their leftist political propaganda, and they actually want read their articles or tune in to their shows because they re interested in SPORTS?From ESPN article titled:The reigning champion Golden State Warriors addressed speculation about whether they will make the traditional visit to the White House, saying they  will make those decisions when and if necessary. Today is all about celebrating our championship,  the team said in a statement Tuesday.  We have not received an invitation to the White House, but will make those decisions when and if necessary. Shortly before the team issued its statement, Warriors owner Joe Lacob was asked about a potential White House visit during an interview with ESPN s First Take. I can t believe we re getting this question already,  Lacob said.  But honestly, that s something we ll worry about at the time. That s a long time from now. Questions about the Warriors  plans for a trip to Washington, D.C., arose just hours after they won their second NBA title in the last three years, when a CNBC analyst tweeted that the team unanimously decided to skip the White House visit.Most of the Warriors, in the immediate aftermath of their Game 5 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers, have not publicly commented on whether they will make the trip.Veteran forward David West, who has been outspoken in his disapproval of President Donald Trump, told The Undefeated s Marc Spears on Monday night that he  probably  will decline the opportunity. I don t know. I probably won t,  West said.  But I m going to enjoy this. They re going to have to get me down from this cloud. I can t describe it. Warriors coach Steve Kerr expressed his disappointment with the election results last November, saying after the election that Trump regularly used  racist, misogynist, insulting words  during his campaign. ",0
10627,HUNGARY’S BADASS PRIME MINISTER Responds To Threats From EU…And His Response Is Making Everyone Want To Stand Up And Cheer! [VIDEO],"German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz said that, if elected chancellor, he would push for the EU to cut subsidies to countries that do not take in refugees. With me as chancellor   we won t accept that solidarity as a principle is questioned,  Schulz said on Tuesday at a conference of a business lobbying group with ties to his party.On Monday, Orb n told the Hungarian parliament that his country  will not give in to blackmail from Brussels and we reject the mandatory relocation quota.  Schulz shot back swiftly at Orb n in his speech on Tuesday.His comments came as the European Commission voted to launch infringement proceedings against the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary for not taking in refugees under a mandatory 2015 quota system advocated by Germany that aimed to relocate 160,000 refugees across the Continent.Hungary s badass Prime Minister Viktor Orb n has consistently stood up to leftist EU bullies who are demanding that all EU nations take their  fair share  of the mass influx of mostly Muslim refugees. We shall not allow others to tell us whom we can let into our home and country, whom we can live alongside.   Prime Minister Viktor Orb nWatch Prime Minister Viktor Orb n s historic speech in March, 2016, where he demands other European leaders find their backbone and save Europe before it s too late. His speech will make you want to stand up and cheer! Mr.Orb n says  That s a German problem,  Schulz said.  Let me make this perfectly clear: When it comes to agricultural policy, it s all  Yes, please.  When it comes to subsidies, it s all  Yes, please.  And when it comes to solidarity in refugee policy, it s  No, thank you   that s not acceptable. German Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz said that, if elected chancellor, he would push for the EU to cut subsidies to countries that do not take in refugees. With me as chancellor   we won t accept that solidarity as a principle is questioned,  Schulz said on Tuesday at a conference of a business lobbying group with ties to his party.His comments came as the European Commission voted to launch infringement proceedings against the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary for not taking in refugees under a mandatory 2015 quota system advocated by Germany that aimed to relocate 160,000 refugees across the Continent.East European leaders, particularly Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orb n, have repeatedly railed against the EU resettlement plan.  Politico ",0
10628,TILLERSON SLAMS BIDEN COMMENT: ‘Show Me Your Results and I’ll Tell You Your Commitment’,"WE LOVE HIS STYLE! Secretary of State Rex Tillerson slammed a comment from former Vice President Joe Biden about how budgets reflect priorities:  Don t tell me what you value; show me your budget and I ll tell you what you value,  Biden had said. Sen. Chris Coons (D., Del.) mentioned Biden s quote during Tuesday s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Tillerson. Coons used the quote to reference the Trump administration s proposed funding cuts to the State Department s budget. Tillerson said that results gauged values more than funding. Amen!Coons was basically using a quote from Biden to push the notion that the State Department isn t spending enough money. Notice how Coons is also unhappy with not spending or hiring fast enough at the State Department. He doesn t get that the Trump administration is results oriented and not funds oriented. Secretary Tillerson continued:  Having the funds are certainly appreciated and needed, but then we have to be able to deliver working with other aid agencies and working with the situation on the ground to have the aid reach those most in need,  he said.Tillerson said in order to effectively solve international aid issues, the State Department must look at the results desired before calculating how much money is necessary to do so. He highlighted that it was irresponsible to just throw money at the problem. The statement that  show me your funding and I ll show you your level of commitment,  I do not agree with. Funding does not equal results,  Tillerson said.  Show me your results, and I ll tell you your commitment. What are the results, and then I ll tell you what I need to deliver on those results.The best line comes at the end:Giving me a pot of money and suggesting that confirms our success and commitment is just simply I have to take exception to that, I ve never had that experience,  he said.Great! Americans are so lucky to have someone like Secretary Tillerson!Via: WFB",0
10629,"LOL! WHOOPI GOLDBERG Caught Telling HUGE LIE During Interview With Newt Gingrich, As The View Hacks Tried To Prove President Trump’s a “Liar” [VIDEO]","Newt Gingrich was promoting his new book  Understanding Trump  on The View today. The leftist hacks of the The View took advantage of his appearance to play  gotcha,  as they attempted to find ways to coerce a confession out of Newt that President Trump is a  liar.  Newt wasn t falling for it however. While many of us would have preferred to see Gingrich take off the gloves with the hosts of The View, he chose instead to sit back and sling a few arrows on an  as needed  basis.The not-funny comedian Joy Behar attempted to paint Trump as a serial  liar  and was surprised when Gingrich shot back with, You mean like  you can keep your doctor, you can keep your insurance ? You want to talk about lies by a president?  Behar responded by attempting to convince Gingrich that Barack Obama didn t lie when he told one of his most famous lies to the American people, and that it was simply a  misjudgment  on his part.Near the end of the interview, Whoopi Goldberg went through a list of questions she used to vet Gingrich and prove how credible he was based on his answers. When the subject of the popularity of President Trump came up in the discussion, Gingrich confessed that he was shocked at how well Trump was doing considering a recent Harvard study that showed 93% of the post-election coverage of President Trump was negative coverage. Whoopi appeared to be close to needing medical attention after Gingrich rightfully pointed out the disgusting lopsided negative coverage that President Trump s received since he was elected. Since Goldberg had no honest rebuttal to offer, she made up a whopper of a lie, telling Gingrich and her viewers that prior to the election, 98% of candidate Trump s media coverage was  positive  and went on to suggest that was the reason he won.Sorry Whoopi but here are the actual facts about the percentage of negative coverage Trump received from the mainstream media prior to the election:From the liberal Politico: A whopping 91 percent of news coverage about Donald Trump on the three broadcast nightly newscasts over the past 12 weeks has been  hostile , a new study finds.The study, conducted by the conservative Media Research Center, found that not only has Trump received significantly more broadcast network news coverage than his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, but nearly all of that coverage (91%) has been hostile, according to the study.Watch the interview here:In addition, the networks spent far more airtime focusing on the personal controversies involving Trump, such as his treatment of women, than controversies surrounding Clinton, such as her email practices or the Clinton Foundation.For the study, MRC analyzed all 588 evening news stories that either discussed or mentioned the presidential campaign on the ABC, CBS and NBC evening newscasts from July 29 through October 20 (including weekends). Of the total newscasts, the networks devoted 29 percent of their time to the campaign. The study did not include comments from the campaigns or candidates themselves, instead focusing on what the correspondents, anchors, expert commentators, and voters on the street said in order to try and hone in on any sort of slant from the networks.Though neither candidate was necessarily celebrated, Clinton largely just stayed out of the line of fire. Even when they were critical of Hillary Clinton   for concealing her pneumonia, for example, or mischaracterizing the FBI investigation of her e-mail server   network reporters always maintained a respectful tone in their coverage,  the study found.  This was not the case with Trump, who was slammed as embodying  the politics of fear,  or a  dangerous  and  vulgar   misogynistic bully  who had insulted vast swaths of the American electorate. 98% Of Pre-Election Trump Coverage Was  Positive Actual Percentage Of  Positive  Trump Coverage Is SHOCKING!",0
10630,"SEN TOM COTTON TO AG SESSIONS: “Do you like spy fiction: John LeCarre, Daniel Silva, Jason Mathews?……Do you like Jason Bourne or James Bond movies?” [Video]","Today s testimony between AG Sessions and Senators went from testy to hysterical when Senator Tom Cotton went into a really funny line of a combined statement with questions He started pointing out there s no evidence and then went through spy novel names then this:  Have you ever in any of these fantastical situations  Great stuff!Senator Cotton:  Let s turn to the potential crimes that we know have happened leaks of certain information. Here s a short list of what I have The contents of alleged transcripts of conversations between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak.The contents of President Trump s phone calls of Australian and Mexican leaders.The contents of Mr. Trump s meetings with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador. Cotton went on with his list it was a moment of clarity that was HUGE!In case you missed it   here s the Sessions Opening Statement:FULL OPENING STATEMENT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS  STATEMENT: It was a very strong and passionate statement from a determined Sessions.FULL TRANSCRIPT:Thank you Chairman Burr and Ranking Member Warner for allowing me to publicly appear before the committee today.I appreciate the Committee s critically important efforts to investigate Russian interference with our democratic process. Such interference can never be tolerated and I encourage every effort to get to the bottom of any such allegations.As you know, the Deputy Attorney General has appointed a special counsel to investigate matters related to Russian interference in the 2016 election. I am here today to address several issues that have been specifically raised before this committee, and I appreciate the opportunity to respond to questions as fully as I am able to do so. But as I advised you, Mr. Chairman, and consistent with long-standing Department of Justice practice, I cannot and will not violate my duty to protect confidential communications with the President.Now, let me address some issues directly: I did not have any private meetings nor do I recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the Mayflower Hotel. I did not attend any meetings at that event. Prior to the speech, I attended a reception with my staff that included at least two dozen people and President Trump. Though I do recall several conversations I had during that pre-speech reception, I do not have any recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian Ambassador or any other Russian officials. If any brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian Ambassador during that reception, I do not remember it. After the speech, I was interviewed by the news media, which had gathered as I remember in a different room, and then I left the hotel.But whether I ever attended a reception where the Russian Ambassador was also present is entirely beside the point of this investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 campaigns. Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign. I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie.Relatedly, there is the assertion that I did not answer Senator Franken s question honestly at my confirmation hearing. That is false. This is how it happened. He asked me a rambling question that included dramatic, new allegations that the United States intelligence community had advised President-elect Trump that  there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump s surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.  I was taken aback by these explosive allegations, which he said were being reported in breaking news that day. I wanted to refute immediately any suggestion that I was a part of such an activity. I replied,  Senator Franken, I m not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn t have   did not have communications with the Russians, and I m unable to comment on it. That was the context in which I was asked the question, and in that context, my answer was a fair and correct response to the charge as I understood it. It simply did not occur to me to go further than the context of the question and list any conversations I may have had with Russians in routine situations, as I had with numerous other foreign officials.Please hear me now. It was only in March of this year that a reporter asked my spokesperson whether I had ever met with any Russian officials. This was the first time that question had been posed. On the same day, we provided that reporter with the information related to the meeting I and my staff had held in my Senate office with Ambassador Kislyak, as well as the brief encounter in July after a speech that I had given during the convention in Cleveland, Ohio. I also provided the reporter a list of all 25 foreign ambassador meetings I had held during 2016. In addition, I provided supplemental testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee to explain this. I readily acknowledged these two meetings. Certainly nothing improper occurred.Let me also explain clearly the circumstances of my recusal from the investigation into the Russian interference with the 2016 election. I was sworn in as Attorney General on Thursday, February 9th. The very next day, I met with career Department officials, including a senior ethics official, to discuss some things publicly reported in the press and that might have some bearing on the issue of recusal. From that point, February 10th, until I announced my formal recusal on March 2nd, I was never briefed on any investigative details and did not access information about the investigation; I received only the limited information that the Department s career officials determined was necessary to inform my recusal decision. As such, I have no knowledge about this investigation beyond what has been publicly reported, and I have taken no action with regard to any such investigation. On the date of my formal recusal, my Chief of Staff sent an email to the heads of the relevant departments, including by name to Director Comey of the FBI, to instruct them to inform their staffs of this recusal and to advise them not to brief me or involve me in any such matters. And in fact, they have not. Importantly, I recused myself not because of any asserted wrongdoing on my part during the campaign, but because a Department of Justice regulation, 28 CFR 45.2, required it. That regulation states, in effect, that Department employees should not participate in investigations of a campaign if they have served as a campaign advisor.The scope of my recusal, however, does not and cannot interfere with my ability to oversee the Department of Justice, including the FBI, which has an $8 billion budget and 35,000 employees. I presented to the President my concerns, and those of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, about the ongoing leadership issues at the FBI as stated in my letter recommending the removal of Mr. Comey along with the Deputy Attorney General s memorandum, which have been released publicly by the White House. It is a clear statement of my views. It is absurd, frankly, to suggest that a recusal from a single specific investigation would render an Attorney General unable to manage the leadership of the various Department of Justice law enforcement components that conduct thousands of investigations.Finally, during his testimony, Mr. Comey discussed a conversation he and I had about a meeting Mr. Comey had with the President. I am happy to share with the committee my recollection of the conversation I had with Mr. Comey. Following a routine morning threat briefing, Mr. Comey spoke to me and my Chief of Staff. While he did not provide me with any of the substance of his conversation with the President, Mr. Comey expressed concern about the proper communications protocol with the White House and with the President. I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow Department policies regarding appropriate contacts with the White House. Mr. Comey had served in the Department of Justice for the better part of two decades, and I was confident that Mr. Comey understood and would abide by the Department s well-established rules governing any communications with the White House about ongoing investigations. My comments encouraged him to do just that and indeed, as I understand, he did. Our Department of Justice rules on proper communication between the Department and the White House have been in place for years. Mr. Comey well knew them, I thought, and assumed correctly that he complied with them.I will finish with this. I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for President, but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations. At all times throughout the course of the campaign, the confirmation process, and since becoming Attorney General, I have dedicated myself to the highest standards.The people of this country expect an honest and transparent government and that is what we are giving them. This President wants to focus on the people of this country to ensure they are treated fairly and kept safe. The Trump agenda is to improve the lives of the American people. I know some have other agendas, but that is his agenda and it is one I share.Importantly, as Attorney General I have a responsibility to enforce the laws of this Nation, to protect this country from its enemies, and to ensure the fair administration of justice. I intend to work every day with our fine team and the superb professionals in the Department of Justice to advance the important work we have to do. These false attacks, the innuendo, and the leaks, you can be sure, will not intimidate me. In fact, these events have only strengthened my resolve to fulfill my duty to reduce crime, and to support our federal, state, and local law enforcement officers who work our streets every day. Just last week, it was reported that overdose deaths in this country are rising faster than ever recorded. The murder rate is up over 10 percent the largest increase since 1968. Together, we are telling the gangs, the cartels, the fraudsters, and the terrorists we are coming after you. Every one of our citizens, no matter who they are or where they live, has the right to be safe in their homes and communities. And I will not be deterred, and I will not allow this great Department to be deterred from its vital mission.<strong>How sad that this is happening to a very good man!</strong>",0
10631,WHY DEMOCRATS KEEP LOSING: Rep. Hakeem Jeffries Calls Trump Voters “White Supremacists” [Video],"Hakeem Jeffries just exposed his Trump Derangement on the House floor. His hate for President Trump is so offensive and inappropriate. He s the definition of a JACKA$$:  We re wondering why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump s campaign?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIakbhiZGgwHow racist and wrong of this man who says Trump voters are  dripping in hatred Unreal!During a speech on the House floor on Monday, Representative Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) argued that while not all Trump voters are racists,  every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. Jeffries said,  Since January 20th, we ve seen a disturbing increase here in America in anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim, anti-black, anti-LGBT and anti-Semitic acts. And the question is, is this just a coincidence, or could it possibly have something to do with the election of the 45th president of the United States of America? Now, in part, what we re seeing is connected to a historic backlash that has often occurred throughout this journey that we ve been on here in America, that whenever we make significant progress, there s always a backlash amongst some in America who ve got a problem with the fact that we ve done things designed to be more consistent with our values of liberty and justice for all, equal protection under the law. After listing historical examples of this, Jeffries stated,   And then, of course, we ve got Barack Obama, who was elected in what many of us viewed as an incredible step in the right direction, African-Americans having gone from the outhouse to the White House. Eight years of tremendous progress in moving this country forward, followed by the election of Donald Trump, a man who spent five years perpetrating the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America. And many of us are wondering, why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump s campaign? What was it about this individual that so many folks dripping in hatred flocked to his candidacy? That s not to say that every American who voted for Donald Trump is a racist. We do know that every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. that s a problem. He concluded,  And so, again, I just ask the question in closing, is this all a big coincidence? We know part of it is the backlash that has often occurred whenever we ve made progress in America, but this president has a responsibility to address the rise in hate crimes that have taken place on his watch, whether or not his election is directly connected to it. ",0
10632,FULL TRANSCRIPT AND VIDEO From A Passionate AG Sessions: “Please hear me now…” [Video],"FULL OPENING STATEMENT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS  STATEMENT: It was a very strong and passionate statement from a determined Sessions.FULL TRANSCRIPT:Thank you Chairman Burr and Ranking Member Warner for allowing me to publicly appear before the committee today.I appreciate the Committee s critically important efforts to investigate Russian interference with our democratic process. Such interference can never be tolerated and I encourage every effort to get to the bottom of any such allegations.As you know, the Deputy Attorney General has appointed a special counsel to investigate matters related to Russian interference in the 2016 election. I am here today to address several issues that have been specifically raised before this committee, and I appreciate the opportunity to respond to questions as fully as I am able to do so. But as I advised you, Mr. Chairman, and consistent with long-standing Department of Justice practice, I cannot and will not violate my duty to protect confidential communications with the President.Now, let me address some issues directly: I did not have any private meetings nor do I recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the Mayflower Hotel. I did not attend any meetings at that event. Prior to the speech, I attended a reception with my staff that included at least two dozen people and President Trump. Though I do recall several conversations I had during that pre-speech reception, I do not have any recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian Ambassador or any other Russian officials. If any brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian Ambassador during that reception, I do not remember it. After the speech, I was interviewed by the news media, which had gathered as I remember in a different room, and then I left the hotel.But whether I ever attended a reception where the Russian Ambassador was also present is entirely beside the point of this investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 campaigns. Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign. I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie.Relatedly, there is the assertion that I did not answer Senator Franken s question honestly at my confirmation hearing. That is false. This is how it happened. He asked me a rambling question that included dramatic, new allegations that the United States intelligence community had advised President-elect Trump that  there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump s surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.  I was taken aback by these explosive allegations, which he said were being reported in breaking news that day. I wanted to refute immediately any suggestion that I was a part of such an activity. I replied,  Senator Franken, I m not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn t have   did not have communications with the Russians, and I m unable to comment on it. That was the context in which I was asked the question, and in that context, my answer was a fair and correct response to the charge as I understood it. It simply did not occur to me to go further than the context of the question and list any conversations I may have had with Russians in routine situations, as I had with numerous other foreign officials.Please hear me now. It was only in March of this year that a reporter asked my spokesperson whether I had ever met with any Russian officials. This was the first time that question had been posed. On the same day, we provided that reporter with the information related to the meeting I and my staff had held in my Senate office with Ambassador Kislyak, as well as the brief encounter in July after a speech that I had given during the convention in Cleveland, Ohio. I also provided the reporter a list of all 25 foreign ambassador meetings I had held during 2016. In addition, I provided supplemental testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee to explain this. I readily acknowledged these two meetings. Certainly nothing improper occurred.Let me also explain clearly the circumstances of my recusal from the investigation into the Russian interference with the 2016 election. I was sworn in as Attorney General on Thursday, February 9th. The very next day, I met with career Department officials, including a senior ethics official, to discuss some things publicly reported in the press and that might have some bearing on the issue of recusal. From that point, February 10th, until I announced my formal recusal on March 2nd, I was never briefed on any investigative details and did not access information about the investigation; I received only the limited information that the Department s career officials determined was necessary to inform my recusal decision. As such, I have no knowledge about this investigation beyond what has been publicly reported, and I have taken no action with regard to any such investigation. On the date of my formal recusal, my Chief of Staff sent an email to the heads of the relevant departments, including by name to Director Comey of the FBI, to instruct them to inform their staffs of this recusal and to advise them not to brief me or involve me in any such matters. And in fact, they have not. Importantly, I recused myself not because of any asserted wrongdoing on my part during the campaign, but because a Department of Justice regulation, 28 CFR 45.2, required it. That regulation states, in effect, that Department employees should not participate in investigations of a campaign if they have served as a campaign advisor.The scope of my recusal, however, does not and cannot interfere with my ability to oversee the Department of Justice, including the FBI, which has an $8 billion budget and 35,000 employees. I presented to the President my concerns, and those of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, about the ongoing leadership issues at the FBI as stated in my letter recommending the removal of Mr. Comey along with the Deputy Attorney General s memorandum, which have been released publicly by the White House. It is a clear statement of my views. It is absurd, frankly, to suggest that a recusal from a single specific investigation would render an Attorney General unable to manage the leadership of the various Department of Justice law enforcement components that conduct thousands of investigations.Finally, during his testimony, Mr. Comey discussed a conversation he and I had about a meeting Mr. Comey had with the President. I am happy to share with the committee my recollection of the conversation I had with Mr. Comey. Following a routine morning threat briefing, Mr. Comey spoke to me and my Chief of Staff. While he did not provide me with any of the substance of his conversation with the President, Mr. Comey expressed concern about the proper communications protocol with the White House and with the President. I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow Department policies regarding appropriate contacts with the White House. Mr. Comey had served in the Department of Justice for the better part of two decades, and I was confident that Mr. Comey understood and would abide by the Department s well-established rules governing any communications with the White House about ongoing investigations. My comments encouraged him to do just that and indeed, as I understand, he did. Our Department of Justice rules on proper communication between the Department and the White House have been in place for years. Mr. Comey well knew them, I thought, and assumed correctly that he complied with them.I will finish with this. I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for President, but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations. At all times throughout the course of the campaign, the confirmation process, and since becoming Attorney General, I have dedicated myself to the highest standards.The people of this country expect an honest and transparent government and that is what we are giving them. This President wants to focus on the people of this country to ensure they are treated fairly and kept safe. The Trump agenda is to improve the lives of the American people. I know some have other agendas, but that is his agenda and it is one I share.Importantly, as Attorney General I have a responsibility to enforce the laws of this Nation, to protect this country from its enemies, and to ensure the fair administration of justice. I intend to work every day with our fine team and the superb professionals in the Department of Justice to advance the important work we have to do. These false attacks, the innuendo, and the leaks, you can be sure, will not intimidate me. In fact, these events have only strengthened my resolve to fulfill my duty to reduce crime, and to support our federal, state, and local law enforcement officers who work our streets every day. Just last week, it was reported that overdose deaths in this country are rising faster than ever recorded. The murder rate is up over 10 percent the largest increase since 1968. Together, we are telling the gangs, the cartels, the fraudsters, and the terrorists we are coming after you. Every one of our citizens, no matter who they are or where they live, has the right to be safe in their homes and communities. And I will not be deterred, and I will not allow this great Department to be deterred from its vital mission.How sad that this is happening to a very good man!",0
10633,LIVE FEED: Boom! Sessions Comes Out Swinging [Video],"Live feed of AG Sessions testifying NOW are below video of Opening Statement He s on fire! His opening statement refutes any and all claims he did anything wrong!FULL OPENING STATEMENT:LIVE FEED OF TESTIMONY   FULL TRANSCRIPT OF OPENING STATEMENT BELOW LIVE FEEDThank you Chairman Burr and Ranking Member Warner for allowing me to publicly appear before the committee today.I appreciate the Committee s critically important efforts to investigate Russian interference with our democratic process. Such interference can never be tolerated and I encourage every effort to get to the bottom of any such allegations.As you know, the Deputy Attorney General has appointed a special counsel to investigate matters related to Russian interference in the 2016 election. I am here today to address several issues that have been specifically raised before this committee, and I appreciate the opportunity to respond to questions as fully as I am able to do so. But as I advised you, Mr. Chairman, and consistent with long-standing Department of Justice practice, I cannot and will not violate my duty to protect confidential communications with the President.Now, let me address some issues directly: I did not have any private meetings nor do I recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the Mayflower Hotel. I did not attend any meetings at that event. Prior to the speech, I attended a reception with my staff that included at least two dozen people and President Trump. Though I do recall several conversations I had during that pre-speech reception, I do not have any recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian Ambassador or any other Russian officials. If any brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian Ambassador during that reception, I do not remember it. After the speech, I was interviewed by the news media, which had gathered as I remember in a different room, and then I left the hotel.But whether I ever attended a reception where the Russian Ambassador was also present is entirely beside the point of this investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 campaigns. Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign. I was your colleague in this body for 20 years, and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie.Relatedly, there is the assertion that I did not answer Senator Franken s question honestly at my confirmation hearing. That is false. This is how it happened. He asked me a rambling question that included dramatic, new allegations that the United States intelligence community had advised President-elect Trump that  there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump s surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.  I was taken aback by these explosive allegations, which he said were being reported in breaking news that day. I wanted to refute immediately any suggestion that I was a part of such an activity. I replied,  Senator Franken, I m not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn t have   did not have communications with the Russians, and I m unable to comment on it. That was the context in which I was asked the question, and in that context, my answer was a fair and correct response to the charge as I understood it. It simply did not occur to me to go further than the context of the question and list any conversations I may have had with Russians in routine situations, as I had with numerous other foreign officials.Please hear me now. It was only in March of this year that a reporter asked my spokesperson whether I had ever met with any Russian officials. This was the first time that question had been posed. On the same day, we provided that reporter with the information related to the meeting I and my staff had held in my Senate office with Ambassador Kislyak, as well as the brief encounter in July after a speech that I had given during the convention in Cleveland, Ohio. I also provided the reporter a list of all 25 foreign ambassador meetings I had held during 2016. In addition, I provided supplemental testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee to explain this. I readily acknowledged these two meetings. Certainly nothing improper occurred.Let me also explain clearly the circumstances of my recusal from the investigation into the Russian interference with the 2016 election. I was sworn in as Attorney General on Thursday, February 9th. The very next day, I met with career Department officials, including a senior ethics official, to discuss some things publicly reported in the press and that might have some bearing on the issue of recusal. From that point, February 10th, until I announced my formal recusal on March 2nd, I was never briefed on any investigative details and did not access information about the investigation; I received only the limited information that the Department s career officials determined was necessary to inform my recusal decision. As such, I have no knowledge about this investigation beyond what has been publicly reported, and I have taken no action with regard to any such investigation. On the date of my formal recusal, my Chief of Staff sent an email to the heads of the relevant departments, including by name to Director Comey of the FBI, to instruct them to inform their staffs of this recusal and to advise them not to brief me or involve me in any such matters. And in fact, they have not. Importantly, I recused myself not because of any asserted wrongdoing on my part during the campaign, but because a Department of Justice regulation, 28 CFR 45.2, required it. That regulation states, in effect, that Department employees should not participate in investigations of a campaign if they have served as a campaign advisor.The scope of my recusal, however, does not and cannot interfere with my ability to oversee the Department of Justice, including the FBI, which has an $8 billion budget and 35,000 employees. I presented to the President my concerns, and those of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, about the ongoing leadership issues at the FBI as stated in my letter recommending the removal of Mr. Comey along with the Deputy Attorney General s memorandum, which have been released publicly by the White House. It is a clear statement of my views. It is absurd, frankly, to suggest that a recusal from a single specific investigation would render an Attorney General unable to manage the leadership of the various Department of Justice law enforcement components that conduct thousands of investigations.Finally, during his testimony, Mr. Comey discussed a conversation he and I had about a meeting Mr. Comey had with the President. I am happy to share with the committee my recollection of the conversation I had with Mr. Comey. Following a routine morning threat briefing, Mr. Comey spoke to me and my Chief of Staff. While he did not provide me with any of the substance of his conversation with the President, Mr. Comey expressed concern about the proper communications protocol with the White House and with the President. I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow Department policies regarding appropriate contacts with the White House. Mr. Comey had served in the Department of Justice for the better part of two decades, and I was confident that Mr. Comey understood and would abide by the Department s well-established rules governing any communications with the White House about ongoing investigations. My comments encouraged him to do just that and indeed, as I understand, he did. Our Department of Justice rules on proper communication between the Department and the White House have been in place for years. Mr. Comey well knew them, I thought, and assumed correctly that he complied with them.I will finish with this. I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for President, but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations. At all times throughout the course of the campaign, the confirmation process, and since becoming Attorney General, I have dedicated myself to the highest standards.The people of this country expect an honest and transparent government and that is what we are giving them. This President wants to focus on the people of this country to ensure they are treated fairly and kept safe. The Trump agenda is to improve the lives of the American people. I know some have other agendas, but that is his agenda and it is one I share.Importantly, as Attorney General I have a responsibility to enforce the laws of this Nation, to protect this country from its enemies, and to ensure the fair administration of justice. I intend to work every day with our fine team and the superb professionals in the Department of Justice to advance the important work we have to do. These false attacks, the innuendo, and the leaks, you can be sure, will not intimidate me. In fact, these events have only strengthened my resolve to fulfill my duty to reduce crime, and to support our federal, state, and local law enforcement officers who work our streets every day. Just last week, it was reported that overdose deaths in this country are rising faster than ever recorded. The murder rate is up over 10 percent the largest increase since 1968. Together, we are telling the gangs, the cartels, the fraudsters, and the terrorists we are coming after you. Every one of our citizens, no matter who they are or where they live, has the right to be safe in their homes and communities. And I will not be deterred, and I will not allow this great Department to be deterred from its vital mission.How said that this is happening to a very good man!FORMER AG MUKASEY BACKED UP THE INNOCENCE OF SESSIONS AND TRUMP EARLIER TODAY:Former AG Mukasey went there during two morning show appearances today. He told Bill Hemmer he sees no crime in the Russia probe then told Maria Bartiromo of FOX Business (video below) that Obama may be guilty of obstruction in the investigation into Hillary s email: President Obama s statement that he thought she shouldn t be charged because she didn t intend to violate the law is the real Clinton obstruction because that is a statement by him that this is the way I want that investigation to come out A take on the matter, for what it s worth. Mukasey: I don t see evidence of any crime in Russia probe https://t.co/b4KNztDyLk  Mister Eerie (@Psychogrotesque) June 13, 2017 Mukasey:  He was introducing an element that was not in the statute to know you re violating the law and he was saying that, that was the way he wanted the investigation to end. Obviously the Justice Department picked up on that. In his testimony last week, former FBI Director James Comey said Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked him to call the Hillary Clinton probe a  matter,  not an investigation, but Mukasey said that s not breaking the law. That s, I think, not obstruction because she s simply playing the  same card the Clinton campaign is playing,  Mukasey said.On Tuesday, President Trump said on Twitter that Lynch committed a crime and  gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017Meanwhile Democratic lawmaker Diane Feinstein said she wanted to open an investigation into Loretta Lynch s statement, but Mukasey said calling it a matter is just  the tip of the iceberg. Then you re talking about how come the Justice Department didn t use the Grand Jury. How come they interviewed her at the end and two days later Jim Comey came out with a statement,  Mukasey said, noting that the Lynch interview was not recorded.  This was an un-serious investigation. FORMER AG MUKASEY DIGS INTO COMEY:  DEVIOUS Former AG Michael Mukasey considers #Comey  s calculated move regarding his  memo   extraordinarily devious ! #DrainTheDeepState @POTUS #1A pic.twitter.com/ploVQsdFzf  eternal vigilance (@uspatrol) June 11, 2017WOW! To call the FBI Director  devious  is huge!Read more: FOX News",0
10634,CNN CUTS LIVE FEED After Senator Brings Up Clinton Attorney Joining ‘Independent’ Counsel [Video],"CNN cut away from a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this morning seconds after Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) raised concerns that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had hired a former Clinton Foundation attorney to assist with the probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Graham was questioning Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein: We found the video exchange CNN censored:Democrats have been accusing Trump of colluding with Russia BUT NO EVIDENCE HAS BEEN FOUND!Reports have emerged that Mueller has hired four attorneys for his investigative team who had donated to Hillary Clinton in the past. One of the attorneys even represented the Clinton Foundation in its effort to block Freedom of Information Act requests for e-mails on Clinton s private server! No, we re not kidding!HERE S A PORTION OF THE EXCHANGE BETWEEN GRAHAM AND ROSENSTEIN:Graham: Is giving political donations a reason to disqualify somebody for serving in the Special Counsel s office?Rosenstein: No, Senator, it is not a disqualification. It is not.Graham: As a matter of fact, many states, the judges and prosecutors are actually elected. Donations are a part of that system, is that correct?Rosenstein: Yes, that s true.Graham: Would it be a disqualification for somebody in the Special Counsel s office who had represented Mrs. Clinton in the past to serve?Rosenstein: You know, Senator, it would depend on facts and circumstances. As a general matter, I think the answer is no.Graham: Isn t that much closer to a conflict of interest?Rosenstein: I don t want to answer a hypothetical, Senator. Everybody needs to make a determination based on the facts and circumstances of the individual case.Graham: How would you get it before the Special Counsel? What process could a member of the Senate use to inform the Special Counsel that you d have a concern about hiring someone that represented Clinton?Rosenstein: We have a process within the Department of Justice, Senator, so I would encourage you, if you have those concerns, to raise them with [former] Director Mueller or to raise them with me, and I ll make sure  Graham: So should I do it to you or to him?Rosenstein: Well, you could do it to both.Graham: Okay. That s fair enough.Rosenstein: And we have career  Graham: And I don t know if I ll do that, but I ve read some things that were   I don t think donations are disqualifying at all, but if you represented the Clinton Foundation or Clinton herself, that would be disturbing to me, but I ll take care of that.CNN cut back to the studio shortly after that, while Graham was still questioning Rosenstein.",0
10635,BREAKING NEWS: “At The Direction Of The President” 22-Yr Old American Is Released From N. Korean Prison [VIDEO],"22-yr old American Otto Warmbier was arrested and imprisoned during Barack Obama s last term in office. He was released  at the direction  of President Trump. Although former President Barack Obama was unable to secure her release, after being in office for less than 4 months, President Trump was also able to secure the release of Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charity worker who spent three years in an Egyptian jail over what human rights groups say were bogus charges.Otto Warmbier, the college student arrested, tried and imprisoned in North Korea for more than a year for trying to swipe a souvenir from his hotel during a guided tour of the communist nation, has been released, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced Tuesday.The 22-year-old Warmbier has served just over a year of his 15-year sentence   allegedly for taking down a sign of the late dictator Kim Jong Il while Warmbier was in the country with a tour group. As of Tuesday morning, Warmbier was on his way home to Cincinnati, although other details surrounding the dramatic events were not released. At the direction of the President, the Department of State has secured the release of Otto Warmbier from North Korea,  Tillerson said.  Mr. Warmbier is en route to the United States, where he will be reunited with his family. The Department of State continues to have discussions with the DPRK regarding three other U.S. citizens reported detained. Out of respect for the privacy of Mr. Warmbier and his family, we have no further comment on Mr. Warmbier. Warmbier s parents, who have appeared on Fox News Channel in the past to plead for their son s release, expressed gratitude. FOX News",0
10636,FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL: Why Obama is Guilty of REAL Hillary Obstruction [Video],"Former AG Mukasey went there during two morning show appearances today. He told Bill Hemmer he sees no crime in the Russia probe then told Maria Bartiromo of FOX Business (video below) that Obama may be guilty of obstruction in the investigation into Hillary s email: President Obama s statement that he thought she shouldn t be charged because she didn t intend to violate the law is the real Clinton obstruction because that is a statement by him that this is the way I want that investigation to come out A take on the matter, for what it s worth. Mukasey: I don t see evidence of any crime in Russia probe https://t.co/b4KNztDyLk  Mister Eerie (@Psychogrotesque) June 13, 2017 Mukasey:  He was introducing an element that was not in the statute to know you re violating the law and he was saying that, that was the way he wanted the investigation to end. Obviously the Justice Department picked up on that. In his testimony last week, former FBI Director James Comey said Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked him to call the Hillary Clinton probe a  matter,  not an investigation, but Mukasey said that s not breaking the law. That s, I think, not obstruction because she s simply playing the  same card the Clinton campaign is playing,  Mukasey said.On Tuesday, President Trump said on Twitter that Lynch committed a crime and  gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017Meanwhile Democratic lawmaker Diane Feinstein said she wanted to open an investigation into Loretta Lynch s statement, but Mukasey said calling it a matter is just  the tip of the iceberg. Then you re talking about how come the Justice Department didn t use the Grand Jury. How come they interviewed her at the end and two days later Jim Comey came out with a statement,  Mukasey said, noting that the Lynch interview was not recorded.  This was an un-serious investigation. FORMER AG MUKASEY DIGS INTO COMEY:  DEVIOUS Former AG Michael Mukasey considers #Comey  s calculated move regarding his  memo   extraordinarily devious ! #DrainTheDeepState @POTUS #1A pic.twitter.com/ploVQsdFzf  eternal vigilance (@uspatrol) June 11, 2017WOW! To call the FBI Director  devious  is huge!Read more: FOX News",0
10637,"WOW! EVEN CNN’s REPORTING On Mueller’s New Russian Investigation Hires Who Made Major Contributions To Hillary, Barack, Schumer Campaigns","CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
10638,NEWT GINGRICH NAILS IT: “It’s a set up!”…”Comey Created Mueller” [Video],"Newt Gingrich is dead on with his commentary on Comey and leaking. Comey created Mueller! The bigger problem is that now Mueller has hired four lawyers who are all Clinton donors! Holy smokes! Do you think this is a set up or should President Trump follow through with the investigation?.@newtgingrich KNOCKS IT OUTTA THE PARK!  Comey helped create Mueller, thru LEAK, to attack @POTUS.ALL #RIGGED! pic.twitter.com/9ITdyjwaHL  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) June 11, 2017ALL FOUR MUELLER HIRES GAVE DONATIONS TO DEMOCRATS: OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE APPOINTMENT OF MUELLER: The DOJ has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller III as special counsel to its investigation into possible Russian interference in our presidential election. The Wall Street Journal reported:Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced the appointment because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any investigation related to the 2016 race. Mr. Rosenstein said in a statement that  I determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a Special Counsel to assume responsibility of this matter.  He cautioned that his decision wasn t the result of a  finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted. He signed the order on Wednesday. Mr. Mueller, a former federal prosecutor, served as FBI director from 2001 through 2013 and has a reputation for independence. Mr. Mueller has been a partner a WilmerHale, a law firm, but is stepping down from his role there to avoid any conflicts of interest, according to the Justice Department.NOTICE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT STATEMENT states that they will investigate  related matters  which opens up a can of worms for the leakers. They will now be fair game! The President released a statement:",0
10639,"CINDY MCCAIN Reportedly Accepts Trump Administration Position On Same Day Husband John McCain’s Outrageous Pro-Obama, Anti-Trump Remarks Are Released","The Hill released controversial comments sore loser and RINO Senator John McCain made about Trump s leadership:Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said American leadership was stronger under President Trump s predecessor, President Barack Obama, according to a Guardian report published Sunday.Asked if the country stood on sturdier ground under Obama s leadership, McCain said  yes,  according to the report. As far as American leadership is concerned, yes,  said McCain, who also vocally criticized many of the Obama administration s foreign policy decisions.For months, President Donald Trump has been trying to convince Cindy McCain a respected voice on refugees and other humanitarian issues and wife of Sen. John McCain, a Trump critic to join his administration. Now, it s a  done deal  for both parties, according to two senior administration officials.After months of being offered and rejecting several potential posts in the Trump administration, Cindy McCain and the president came to the agreement of a Washington, D.C.-based ambassador-at-large position, which would focus on anti human trafficking efforts, refugees, and humanitarian-aid matters. The title being kicked around internally is  U.S. ambassador-at-large for human rights,  though that title is subject to change, and it is unclear if a new office within the State Department would be created for her. [Trump personally], aggressively courted her for this,  one White House official told The Daily Beast.  It s a done deal now  The president had floated several positions before this is the one that stuck. A formal announcement of that new role is expected within a matter of weeks. Early last month, the Associated Press was the first to report that Cindy McCain was expected to be  offered a prominent role in the Trump administration s State Department. For entire story: The Daily Beast",0
10640,AUSTRIA’S NOT PLAYING GAMES: Bans Face-Concealing Islamic Dress…Mandates “Integration” Course…Or Else,"Will Austria s new mandates help to save their nation or is it already too late? Have they already allowed political correctness to destroy their once unique culture and identity and replace it with radical Islam?Muslim students, according to new statistics, now outnumber Roman Catholic students at middle and secondary schools in Vienna, the capital and largest city of Austria.The data which show that Muslim students are also on the verge of overtaking Catholics in Viennese elementary schools reflect an established trend and provide empirical evidence of a massive demographic and religious shift underway in Austria, traditionally a Roman Catholic country.The Muslim population in Austria now exceeds 500,000 (or roughly 6% of the total population), up from an estimated 150,000 (or 2%) in 1990. The Muslim population is expected to reach 800,000 (or 9.5%) by 2030, according to recent estimates.A controversial integration law that will fine women for wearing face-concealing Islamic dress from October, and deprive of benefits migrants who fail to take language lessons has officially been enacted, after being rubber-stamped by the President. Those who are not prepared to accept Enlightenment values will have to leave our country and society,  reads the text of the law that drew thousands of protesters to the streets earlier this year, before it was passed by a centrist coalition last month.Women who will wear Islamic veils   either the burqa or the niqab   in public places, will face a fine of  150 ($168).They will also be expressly forbidden from distributing incendiary radical materials, and are encouraged to volunteer before they can get their work permits, so that they are better prepared for life in the workplace.More than 90,000 people have arrived in the Central European country since the start of the migrant crisis in 2015, most of them from Muslim-majority countries outside of Europe.The law was opposed by the left-leaning Green Party, which said that it scapegoated refugees, and the nationalist Freedom Party, which called it a window-dressing for deeper integration issues and said it had been designed to stop its rise in the polls.The centrist coalition promised that the legislation would offer a holistic approach. It has since collapsed, triggering an early election in October. Work is one of the most important factors for successful integration, which is why we are not only breaking down language barriers with this policy   we are also creating a continuous integration concept for the first time,  said Social Democratic politician Alois Stoger back in May.France was the first EU state to introduce a similar ban in 2010, levying an identical  150 fine. It has since been copied in other countries, including Germany, which has also pushed through a prohibition of face coverings for state employees.   RT",0
10641,BONKERS MAXINE WATERS Leads Chant “Impeach 45″ at Pride Parade…”Stay Woke!” [Video],"The annual LA Pride parade and Resist March was held on Sunday. Bonkers Rep. Maxine Waters led the crowd in a chant to  Impeach 45 .  At the end of her hateful rant she yelled out  STAY WOKE!  THIS IS THE DEFINITION OF UNDIGNIFIED AND UNPROFESSIONAL!Notice how Adam Schiff stands in approval next to Waters. Mind you, this is while Waters is spewing hate speech towards our president and Schiff is involved in the fake Russia scam going on to try and take Trump down: In fact, Freedom Watch filed an ethics complaint against Intel Committee Member Adam Schiff for obstruction of justice:Larry Klayman of Freedom Watch on Schiff:Klayman Discusses Complaint Against Rep. Adam Schiff for Obstruction of Justice & Ethics ViolationsIsn t this a huge conflict of interest? It certainly doesn t look good and shows us that Schiff is not to be trusted when it comes to anything Trump.Just in case you didn t hear the disgusting speech given by Maxine Waters:  He is not my president. He is not your president. He lies. He cheats. He s a bully. He disrespects us all. If he thinks he can mess with the LGBT community, he better look at what happened right here in West Hollywood. You deny, you disrespect, and you will find that there are people who have the courage to organize and to take back whatever needs to be taken back. We resist this president because he stands for the worst of everything. And guess what, I know that people may not quite be ready. I know some are a little hesitant. I know some are saying I m not so sure, Maxine, that what you are saying is the right thing, but I m saying, impeach 45. Impeach 45. I love you all. And I know that we are going to take our country back from HIM. I know you have the strength. I know that you have the courage. I know that each of you knows you have the power! Stay woke! ",0
10642,DISGRACEFUL! Senator John McCain Swipes At Trump…Slams His Leadership Ability,"Senator John McCain took another swipe at President Trump.  He claimed that American leadership was stronger under Obama. The Senator has been attacking Trump non-stop making people wonder what in the world is wrong with him. President Trump has only been in office 5 months!The Hill had this to say about McCain s feelings on Trump s leadership:Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said American leadership was stronger under President Trump s predecessor, President Barack Obama, according to a Guardian report published Sunday.Asked if the country stood on sturdier ground under Obama s leadership, McCain said  yes,  according to the report. As far as American leadership is concerned, yes,  said McCain, who also vocally criticized many of the Obama administration s foreign policy decisions.McCain also lost to Obama when he ran as the GOP nominee in the 2008 presidential election.He recently fumbled in questioning former FBI Director James Comey leaving people to question his mental fitness for the Senate:Memes like the one below have started to pop up on social media:McCain has become more and more of an obstructionist when it comes to Trump s policies. Is this McCain s true colors coming out or a case of his mental ability to reason diminishing? We think it s a little of both Time to go!",0
10643,THE VIEW DINGBATS Descend On Faux Conservative Host After She Calls Comey A “Coward” [VIDEO],"Anti-Trumper and faux conservative Jedediah Bila rarely takes a position on anything that may be in contrast to her fellow leftist hosts. In fact, if we didn t know better, we d almost think NBC gave her the job as their token  conservative  host to make the other dingbats appear to be correct, as they are never challenged by the Trump hating host.The View co-host stepped out of her comfort zone and actually criticized fired FBI Director James Comey in the most recent episode. While discussing the Comey hearings in front of the US Senate Intelligence committee, Bila referred to Comey as a  coward.  Jedediah went on to mock Comey s whiny testimony until not funny comedian Joy Behar reminded her that what she thinks of Comey is  irrelevent.  Behar was finally correct about one thing. Sadly, what Bila says is considered irrelevent to both the left and the right. She rarely takes a position and when she does, it s such a weak position, it wasn t even worth the minimal effort she put forth.After a few minutes of defending her views on Comey, The View hacks were left somewhat stunned when Bila actually called out Comey for going along with Attorney General Loretta Lynch s suggestion to refer to Hillary s case as a  matter  as opposed to an  investigation . Bila s co-hosts wasted no time in attacking her. Whoopi quickly interjected and warned Bila to not to  muddy the waters, as  they  try to do . Bila should know by now not to question the all-knowing leftist dingbats of The View.Watch:",0
10644,LEFTISTS ATTACK Barron Trump On Social Media Over T-Shirt…Go Off Deep-End Over Strange Toy He Held In His Hand As He Arrived At New Home [Video],"Social media lit up like crazy when Melania and Barron Trump arrived on Air Force One to move into the White House. Why did the media ignore the Obama girls, but don t have any problem attacking or making up rumors about the 11-year old son of  President Trump and the First Lady Melania? Barron Trump arrived in DC wearing a t-shirt that said,  The Expert . He was also carrying a fidget spinner, a very popular gadget with teenagers and young adults. Social media went berserk with a snark fest of nasty comments. It s always a double standard with the left:#TheExpert Barron Trump plays with fidget spinner as he exits Air Force One in Washington with @POTUS and @FLOTUS. pic.twitter.com/rQfivXcUNH  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 12, 2017 Melania and Barron arrive:The First Lady and Barron have permanently moved into the White House! Literally #TheExpert has arrived. pic.twitter.com/QWFQ5uy6Tw  Mark Schneider (@subschneider) June 12, 2017 Don t get too comfortable    Holly O Reilly  Barron looks how we, the majority, feel.    Russ Ian Mawb   This guy is a twisted jerk on social media! Melania and Barron Trump have moved into the White House, and everybody looks thrilled!    smarty pants on twitterMelania and Barron Trump have moved into the White House, and everybody looks thrilled! https://t.co/6OhUb3HLWU pic.twitter.com/mKhM4ShQv6  Jezebel (@Jezebel) June 12, 2017 Barron was playing with a fidget spinner when he exited Air Force One. It s the hottest toy out there right now so it s perfectly normal for the president s son to have one. One guy on twitter was surprised to see Barron with the fidget spinner:OMG!!! Barron Trump has a Fidget Spinner just like every single boy in my daughters class! pic.twitter.com/i660NCagIw  jim spellman (@jimspellmanTV) June 12, 2017",0
10645,WOW! MAJOR CREDIT CARD COMPANY Still Sponsoring Central Park Production Depicting Assassination Of President Trump After Other Sponsors Flee [VIDEO],"   Delta Air Lines and Bank of America became the first companies to announce they are pulling their sponsorships of a Manhattan-based theater company s portrayal of Julius Caesar as a Donald Trump look-alike in a business suit who gets stabbed to death on stage.Delta and Bank of America both announced their intentions on Sunday. No matter what your political stance may be, the graphic staging of Julius Caesar at this summer s Free Shakespeare in the Park does not reflect Delta Air Lines  values,  the company s statement said.  Their artistic and creative direction crossed the line on the standards of good taste. Bank of America added it was withdrawing funding for the production. The Public Theater chose to present Julius Caesar in such a way that was intended to provoke and offend,  the bank said in a tweet.  Had this intention been made known to us, we would have decided not to sponsor it.   Fox News American Express also took to Twitter and announced their sponsorship doesn t support the play.A Statement from American Express: pic.twitter.com/Ig0Ju3B2dP  American Express (@AmericanExpress) June 12, 2017 We would like to clarify that our sponsorship of the Public Theater does not fund the production of Shakespeare in the Park nor do we condone the interpretation of the Julius Caesar play,  the financial corporation tweeted.Customers of American Express responded on Twitter:I'm am considering not accepting AE cards at my business and reminding customers why just to clarify.  rex prescott (@rex1956) June 12, 2017Sadly, we expect the New York Times to support a production of President Trump being assassinated, but Amex customers like myself who currently use an American Express card can just as easily switch to VISA or MasterCard. The fees are generally less and both alternatives seem to be more widely accepted by businesses. Seems almost like a no-brainer ",0
10646,SHOCKER! Senator Diane Feinstein Calls for a Look Into Comey/Lynch Collusion: “I think we need to know more about that” [Video],"How shocking is it that liberal Senator Diane Feinstein is calling for a closer look at the possible collusion between Lynch and Comey:Dianne Feinstein calls on Congress to investigate whether Loretta Lynch pressured Comey to cover for Hillary Clinton s campaign.#ComeyGate pic.twitter.com/AMwQoQsMe0  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 11, 2017 Sen. Diane Feinstein (D-Calif.) said Sunday that Congress should investigate whether former Attorney General Loretta Lynch pressured former FBI Director James Comey to cover for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign. I think we need to know more about that,  Feinstein told host Brianna Keilar on CNN s  State of the Union. And there s only way to know about it, and that s to have the Judiciary Committee take a look at that,  Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said.Comey testified last Thursday that he felt  queasy  after Lynch asked him to characterize his probe into Clinton s emails as a  matter,  rather than an investigation. He told the Senate Intelligence Committee that such a request would match the wording of Clinton s campaign.Feinstein, who is a member of the Senate Intelligence panel, said she would ve also felt queasy. I would have a queasy feeling, too, though, to be candid with you,  the longtime Senate Democrat said.She added that an investigation separate from the ongoing probe into Russian interference in the election is needed.Read more: The Hill",0
10647,PRESIDENT TRUMP CRASHES WEDDING: Shocks Wedding Guests Who Start Chanting “USA! USA! USA!” [Video],"President Trump made a surprise appearance at a wedding at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. last weekend. He greeted the bride and groom who were obviously shocked and excited to see President Trump. The wedding guests started chanting,  USA, USA, USA! Trump made surprise stop at wedding reception last night at Bedminster. The crowd broke out into chants of  USA!  (Video obtained by CNN) pic.twitter.com/sfe6zFdOlI  Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) June 11, 2017A few guests of the wedding posted photos on Instagram of Trump with the bride and groom.Trump crashes wedding at his NJ golf club this weekend. pic.twitter.com/N3Khbpe3Oi  Caitlin Yilek (@hausofcait) June 11, 2017Kristen Piatkowski and Tucker Gladhill s wedding was suddenly extra special when President Trump decided to crash it! The press was kept in the dark on this and only found out when social media exploded with photos and video. See the comment from CNN below:The White House has been largely silent about the President s weekend activities in Bedminster. Members of the traveling press corps, which did not have access to the club, learned of the wedding visit when images started to appear on social media.Trump was to headline a private fundraiser at the club Sunday night for Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-New Jersey, before returning to Washington Sunday night. MacArthur found himself at the crux of the health care debate this spring when he proposed an amendment to the GOP health care plan that got enough conservatives on board to pass the measure. Via: CNN",0
10648,“THE WAR ON COAL IS OVER”…First New Coal Mine Of Trump Presidency Opens In Pennsylvania…Another Promise Kept [VIDEO]," So much winning!  Were  going to be winning so much, you re going to be sick of winning!  -Candidate Donald J. TrumpPresident Donald Trump hailed the opening Thursday of a new coal mine as proof deregulation is helping bring jobs to the industry, even though plans for the mine s opening were made well before Trump s election.Corsa Coal Corp. will supply coal used in making steel and is expected to generate up to 100 full-time jobs. The company said it decided in August to open the Acosta mine 60 miles south of Pittsburgh after a steel industry boom drove up prices for metallurgical coal.Under a tent perched hundreds of feet above a freshly dug coal pit, about 200 miners, business leaders, and politicians celebrated amid the surge of enthusiasm for the industry. Mining headgear lay atop red, white, and blue table cloths labeled  Make Coal Great Again. Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf said the mine was part of an effort to bring back jobs and industry to the state. Pennsylvania awarded a $3 million grant for the project. We have not always capitalized on our standing as one of the world s leaders in these resources, but we re changing that,  Wolf said.Trump has made reversing the decades-long decline in coal mining the central tenet of his environmental policy, blaming federal regulations aimed at curbing planet-warming carbon emissions for job losses in the industry. Trump and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt have targeted laws that protected waterways from coal waste and required states to slash carbon emissions from power plants. About a dozen protesters chanted in opposition to the mine at the opening.Trump noted the impending opening of the mine last week during his speech announcing the nation s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. He said then he had hoped to attend the event; he participated via recorded video message, taking partial credit for the opening. One by one, we re eliminating the regulations that threaten your jobs, and that s one of the big reasons you re opening today: Less regulation,  Trump said.  We have withdrawn the United States from the horrendous Paris climate accord, something that would have put our country back decades and decades, we would have never allowed ourselves to be great again. Trump noted the impending opening of the mine last week during his speech announcing the nation s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. He said then he had hoped to attend the event; he participated via recorded video message, taking partial credit for the opening. One by one, we re eliminating the regulations that threaten your jobs, and that s one of the big reasons you re opening today: Less regulation,  Trump said.  We have withdrawn the United States from the horrendous Paris climate accord, something that would have put our country back decades and decades, we would have never allowed ourselves to be great again.   For entire story: Mcall ",0
10649,HILARIOUS HYPOCRISY ON DISPLAY: 3 INTOLERANT Leftist Groups Stop D.C. Gay Pride Parade…Force Them To Take Alternate Route [VIDEO],"Protesters affiliated with the group No Justice, No Pride blocked this year s Capital Pride Parade on three separate occasions, delaying the parade and forcing participants to use an alternative route, in protest of the participation of police officers and certain corporate sponsors.#NoJusticeNoPride in prisons pipelines or deportations #blackqueertranslivesmatter pic.twitter.com/VZf00WjKiE  JaneSee (@StreetSignsLife) June 10, 2017The No Justice, No Pride group first conducted its own march down the planned parade route with signs like  rainbows don t cover death merchants  and  no pride in police violence.  They then blocked the route at 15th and P Streets NW. Police formed a barricade around the demonstrators, allowing them to continue the protest, while re-routing the official parade down 16th Street. No arrests have been reported.  The DCistSo today #blacklivesmatter stopped the D.C. Pride parade. pic.twitter.com/tFlhfLPcIO  Fras (@DangerCW) June 10, 2017Pride parade fans were furious over the hijacking of their parade by leftist activist groups like Black Lives Matter and lashed out at the thugs who forced them to re-route the parade:Overheard at #DCPride, @capitalpridedc board member:  We don t negotiate with terrorists  describing #NoJusticeNoPride  B. Loewe (@BstandsforB) June 11, 2017The video below shows an interesting exchange that took place during the parade. A female leftist activist attempts to explain to a male gay parade participant that his definition of  pride  no longer exists, and that in fact, the radical groups who are hijacking their planned parade have redefined what  pride  will now mean:#NoJusticeNoPride blockades have been divisive. Parade-goer: ""This isn't the time and place."" pic.twitter.com/W1EbsdmsTN  Alejandro Alvarez (@aletweetsnews) June 11, 2017This gay Democrat suggested that the protesters should commit mass suicide:This  pride  participant was clearly not happy with the leftist agitators:This is the response of pride goers to a protest over police violence and private prisons. @GetEQUAL @FIF_dc #NoJusticeNopride pic.twitter.com/Th4yc6CdLT  Drew Ambrogi (@DrewAmbrogi) June 10, 2017 ",0
10650,VICIOUS BERNIE SANDERS Goes on Angry Anti-Christian Tirade Against Deputy Budget Nominee [Video],"BERNIE SANDERS decided to go after the religion of a nominee for Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget This was a vicious attack on RUSSELL VOUGHT who has strong Christian beliefs that have absolutely nothing to do with what he was being questioned about. Religious beliefs aren t budgetary concerns. This was a personal attack on a DEVOUTLY RELIGIOUS man who had written an article years past defending his Christian College.PART OF THE EXCHANGE BETWEEN SANDERS AND VOUGHT:Sanders is quoting from an article that Vought wrote:  Muslims do not simply have a deficient theology. They do not know God because they have rejected Jesus Christ, His Son, and they stand condemned.  Do you believe that that statement is Islamophobic?Vought: Absolutely not, Senator. I m a Christian, and I believe in a Christian set of principles based on my faith.Sanders: Forgive me, we just don t have a lot of time. Do you believe people in the Muslim religion stand condemned? Is that your view?Vought: Again, Senator, I m a Christian, and I wrote that piece in accordance with the statement of faith at Wheaton College.Sanders: I understand that. I don t know how many Muslims there are in America. Maybe a couple million. Are you suggesting that these people stand condemned? What about Jews? Do they stand condemned too?Vought: Senator, I m a Christian.Sanders: I understand you are a Christian, but this country [is] made of people who are not just I understand that Christianity is the majority religion, but there are other people of different religions in this country and around the world. In your judgment, do you think that people who are not Christians are going to be condemned?Vought: Thank you for probing on that question. As a Christian, I believe that all individuals are made in the image of God and are worthy of dignity and respect regardless of their religious beliefs. I believe that as a Christian that s how I should treat all individuals.Sanders: Do you think that s respectful of other religions?I would simply say, Mr. Chairman, that this nominee is really not someone who this country is supposed to be about. I will vote  no. CAN THE US GOVERNMENT IMPOSE RELIGIOUS TESTS FOR PUBLIC OFFICE:The Constitution says the U.S. government can t impose religious tests for public office. But scholars say Sen. Bernie Sanders can without consequence apply his own religious rubric in opposing a presidential nominee who believes non-Christians risk going to hell.The Vermont independent, who is Jewish but  not particularly religious,  grilled Russell Vought, nominee to be deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget, on Wednesday, focusing on an article he wrote that said Muslims  do not know God because they have rejected Jesus Christ his Son, and they stand condemned. Sanders asked if that view was Islamophobic, and if Jews also stand condemned.Vought responded that he is a Christian.  In your judgment, do you think that people who are not Christians are going to be condemned?  Sanders asked. Vought began to answer before Sanders interrupted, asking if that viewpoint was  respectful of other religions. National Review columnist David French writes that Sanders was  imposing a religious test for public office in direct violation of Article VI of the United States Constitution  and that he was objecting to  entirely orthodox Christian beliefs  about access to heaven.Constitutional scholars say Sanders, who said he will vote against Vought, may violate the spirit of the Constitution, but arguably not Article VI, which states:  no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States. No senator should vote against a nominee based on his or her religion. It would violate the spirit if not the letter of the Constitution. But senators can vote against nominees for any reason or no reason at all. There would be no legal consequence, and the nominee would have no forum for complaint. Allan Vestal of Drake University Law School says the Constitution s religious-test ban  does not provide a mechanism for inquiring into the motivations of individual senators and representatives in the votes they cast. There is no constitutional constraint on yea or nay votes, so yes he can do it,  agrees Richard Epstein, a New York University law professor.Read more: US News",0
10651,“MY HOMETOWN IS GONE” A Shocking First-Hand Account of the Islamization of an American Small Town,"Did you know that over 15 thousand so-called Muslim  refugees  have been admitted to the US since inauguration day?WHERE DID THEY GO? 15,726 Mostly Muslim Refugees Admitted Since Inauguration DayAmericans have got to wake up and see what s happening to us!Loretta Brady has written the best ever first-hand account of the damage the refugee resettlement program is doing to America s small towns. It s truly a must-read! Please share!I gave a talk at a luncheon a few months ago that was basically relating my story of how my hometown has been Islamized by refugee resettlement. So it makes sense to do a blog post.I m from the Utica, NY area. Utica is the city nicknamed by the UN  the city that loves refugees!  Soon every American city will be a city that loves refugees! Get ready! So I would like to tell you what it is like living in an area where the major city is about 25% (or more) refugee, mainly MuslimI was born in Utica, a  faded industrial town  along the Mohawk River/Erie Canal corridor, and lived there until I was 8-years-old when my family moved to a nearby small college town. I loved living in Utica because there were lots of families on my block, big Catholic families with lots of kids. You could yard-hop, checking out who was available for play. You could bike around the neighborhood. There were block parties in the summer. My grandmother lived up the street. Life was good.My father and his father were born and lived in Utica, NY. My father was a judge in Utica, like his father before him. The Catholic school my father attended is now a community center for refugees. After I moved back to the Utica area as an adult I used to recite  Full fathom five  to the children as we drove by my father s former Catholic school. (Nothing of him that doth fade,/But doth suffer a sea change/Into something rich and strange.)When I had my first child I was living in New York City. Her father and I divorced when she was a baby, and when she was two-years-old, I beat a hasty retreat back home to Upstate NY. There I met my husband. We got married, we had babies (in that order, ahem), and we settled down outside of Utica.When I moved back home one of the first things I noticed was that an old Methodist church was being converted into a bright shiny white new mosque. The local paper touted this as immense progress and featured a local woman who had attended the church as a child and was positively brimming with joy it was being turned into a mosque. If that is the general sentiment, then it s odd that my county went for Trump, right? There are at least two mosques in the city now. They just built another.Where do I start? Utica had always been  the city that loves refugees  but under Obama things accelerated. Muslim immigrants were suddenly in these local bureaucratic positions where they had power over you. This, in what is probably one of the most corrupt states in the union, where the power of the state is everything.The social worker at my daughter s school was a Muslim immigrant. I looked for her profile on the school website, I googled her, I could not find information on her background, resume, qualifications, or educational attainments.When I began to homeschool my daughter the administrator to whom I had to submit paperwork was a Muslim immigrant. To homeschool in New York State you must submit detailed quarterly reports to an administrator at your local school district. I googled the administrator. He also worked at the local Board of Cooperative Educational Services, but I could not find any other information on his background, resume, qualifications, or educational attainments.I was friends with the wife of the Orthodox priest at our church, and she told me that this administrator found some problems with her paperwork and challenged her. It turned out she was right about the issue, and he backed down. Comfy little situation, right?Right before we moved I went to the ER. The nurse practitioner was a Muslim immigrant (Bosnia), and the doctor she worked under was a Muslim immigrant (Pakistan). I remember how during the visit I suddenly became very aware of the cross I always wear around my neck.In 2012 on the way home from my daughter s piano lesson, I left my children in the car, ran into the supermarket for ten minutes, and came out to find a man outside my car who informed me he had called the police. I called my husband and my parents and together we waited for the police officer who eventually arrived and arrested me. Lenore Skenazy wrote an account of the incident in the Wall Street Journal. It is pretty accurate except that it wasn t a suburb, it was a village of less than 2,000 people.It was a terrible thing to do, but it was not hot (we re about two hours from the Canadian border), it was the small safe village where I grew up (I think I was the only arrest that week), and I spent half my childhood hanging out in the car with my brother while my mother did errands. My friend sent me a Salon article (I don t read Salon) about a mom who did the same thing, and she like me was in her hometown where she grew up, and so automatically just living by the rules she grew up with. My mother never got arrested. It didn t occur to me I would be arrested. That s my only arrest. So far. But anyway, the point of this story is I was then investigated (and cleared which I hope should be obvious) by CPS.The CPS worker who investigated me was Muslim.So let me just summarize: the social worker at the school is Muslim, the administrator who ok s homeschooling is Muslim, the CPS worker is Muslim, the nurse practitioner at the ER is Muslim, the doctor at the ER is Muslim. These are positions of authority that wield a lot of power.Are you starting to get the picture?The spring before we moved Utica made national news because of a federal grant to the local community college (two million dollars) for a (Muslim immigrant) professor to teach teenage (Muslim) refugees how to build drones. The grant didn t mention explicitly that the drones would be equipped with bombs or anything, so it was all aboveboard. This was going on like down the road from us. My husband assured me he could shoot any drone out of the sky, and I m sure he could, but curiously enough that didn t assuage my anxiety, but only exacerbated it. The last thing I needed was my husband getting arrested on federal charges for taking down a drone.I looked up the Muslim immigrant professor on Linked In. It was an odd career trajectory. It looked like he had been a soccer coach a few years before. It wasn t exactly clear to me how he had landed his present job where he was getting federal money to train Muslims to build drones, but, hey, that s the Obama era for you.In 2015, a 26-year-old Bosnian refugee in Utica was arrested for supporting ISIS. The local paper reported that in his spare time when he wasn t supporting ISIS, he enjoyed mixed martial arts fighting at the local gym. Local law enforcement complained they hadn t been informed of the investigation. You know and I know that if anything happens, local law enforcement are the first responders.I went to a couple Trump rallies and meetings in Upstate NY before we moved. When I mentioned the arrest of this ISIS supporter to a local businessman at one of the meetings, he got a very serious look and said Utica was full of ISIS and the local police were really worried. The Trump meetings were emotional. The organizer picked a donut shop whose owner was friendly to the Trump platform so we could talk. Everyone went around the table and introduced themselves. Two of the women cried. New York State is not doing well.Don t believe the Start-Up NY commercials. Potemkin Village.My husband lost two jobs in three years in Upstate NY. Not by any fault of his own- he is a very skilled, dedicated, experienced, hard worker- but because his bosses went out of business. His first boss moved to North Carolina. His second boss had to close up shop, which seemed linked to a downturn in the stock market. A lot of the middle class in Upstate NY are boomer retirees, and when the stock market goes down, they get nervous and cut back on renovation and building. My husband is a carpenter.The Upstate New York economy is one of the worst in the country. That s why it s a good place to resettle refugees.After the second time my husband lost his job, I applied for food stamps for the family. When I moved back home I had tried to find a job as a lawyer, I could not. I finally found a job processing letters of credit for an investment bank. My salary was $27,000 a year. I actually got paid an extra $2,000 higher than starting salary for my translation skills. After I had my second child, most of my pay after taxes would have gone to childcare. The New York State tax system penalizes low-income people who work. So I stayed home. My parents helped us with bills.So my husband was unemployed, I was unemployed, we have four children, we certainly qualified for food stamps, and I felt stupid and irresponsible for not applying when we qualified for them, so I applied. The local Department of Social Services does not answer their phone. You can go there and wait in line. It is a very very long line, and a very uncomfortable place to be. By tacit agreement, the white people stick together in the waiting area. The Department of Social Services rejected my application several times without reason. I knew we qualified, so it became for me this bureaucratic challenge that I had to vanquish. It took a lot of wrangling and some certified sign-for-delivery mailings which were expensive. I managed to get us a month of food stamps. It was about $50 a week, I think, for a family of six. I don t know if that s average or not.Want to know why my application was rejected several times even though we qualified? Want to know why it was so difficult to get food stamps? The Department of Social Services in my area is swamped because of the refugees. 25% of the city are refugees. Virtually all of the refugees are on welfare. And when they apply for welfare, they don t do so as an independent entity, as I did. They go through their refugee resettlement agency who deals with the Department of Social Services for them. So basically Americans get the short shrift, and refugees get taken care of. And that s America. This is why so many Democrats voted for Trump. Americans are getting squeezed out by non-Americans at multiple levels.What else to tell you?New York State sued our local school districhttps://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/18/nyregion/new-york-state-accuses-utica-school-district-of-bias-against-refugees.html?_r=1t for trying to separate teenage refugees from the rest of the students. I went to a CLE where I sat next to a lawyer for the school district, and she was freaking out over this lawsuit. She was like, The state is coming after us, and we don t have any money. My county is a Democrat county, and Trump won my county. Issues like this are why. Americans can see that they are being forced to accommodate non-Americans to their own detriment and expense.There is TB in Utica. I m sure there is more than reported. Obama stopped screening foreigners for TB, which America has been doing since before the days of Ellis Island, and the refugees are from places where TB is endemic. Whenever I was in a hospital- when I gave birth or when I went to the ER- I would be very aware of my surroundings.The local Walmart is full of headscarves and burkas. I cried when I went into my first Walmart in North Carolina and all I saw were Americans.The nice lady who asked me to give a talk a couple months ago on my hometown asked me if there were any refugees who were an  asset to the community . I replied that they do not consider themselves part of your community, so if they are going to be an asset to any community, it is not going to be yours.I hope I ve presented an idea of why I m so opposed to refugee resettlement. I couldn t write this blog post where I m from. I d be scared that someone would target my house. I d be scared of the authorities. I had to wait to get to higher ground to speak more openly.North Carolina is like Heaven. People are so much happier here. I thank God every day we got here. I consider it a  free zone , and I want it to stay free.Please also check out my other blog post on Utica, NY. I wrote it after my husband and I drove into the city on a random Sunday and saw about a dozen refugees (all women, and you know there had to be men as well, who just weren t present at the time) moving into renovated housing. This is in an area where low-income Americans, white and black, languish in subpar housing. A lot went on under the Obama Administration. And I doubt a lot of it was on the books. ",0
10652,JOE BIDEN’S NIECE Too Big To Jail? Released After 100K Credit Card Fraud,"The rules must not apply to Caroline Biden, niece of Joe Biden The wild-child niece of former Veep Joe Biden stole more than $100,000 in a credit card scam   and quietly cut a plea deal in Manhattan court that spares her any jail time, The Post has learned.Using a borrowed credit card, the blonde Caroline Biden set up an unauthorized customer account at Bigelow Pharmacy on Sixth Avenue in Greenwich Village, and racked up the six-figure bill over the course of a year, according to a criminal complaint that does not name the victim card owner.As part of a plea deal before Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Kevin McGrath, Biden, 29, pleaded guilty to one charge of grand larceny and another of petit larceny and agreed to make restitution of $110,810.04.If she pays everything back and keeps her nose clean, she can return to court and enter a substitute plea to a lower, misdemeanor charge of petit larceny and be sentenced to two years probation.But she ll stay out of jail even if she fails to live up to the plea deal, instead getting sentenced on the felony larceny to five years probation.Defense lawyer Ira London declined to comment.Biden was also in Manhattan Criminal Court in 2014, on charges of resisting arrest, obstruction of justice and harassment stemming from a dustup with her Tribeca roommate.In that case, the silver-spoon Georgetown University graduate was accused of taking a swing at a female cop who responded in Sept. 2013 to a drag out fight over unpaid rent between Biden and her roommate. I shouldn t be handcuffed!  cops said Biden railed at the time.  You don t know who you re doing this to! She was given another sweetheart deal in that case: a promise that the charges would be dismissed if she stayed out of trouble for six months.The charges were eventually dismissed and sealed.Read more: NYP",0
10653,BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Goes On Tirade Over CNN’s Support For Radical Islam At #MarchAgainstSharia [VIDEO],"On June 10, people in at least 27 cities are gathering to march for human rights   and against Sharia Law. The nationwide day of protest is being organized by ACT for America, a grassroots organization that is the self-proclaimed  NRA of national security. The New York City event is being organized by Pax Hart, a writer and political commentator. There were initially 18 other March Against Sharia rallies scheduled for June 10. After Manchester, people were furious and started contacted us through Twitter to find out how they could organize a rally in their own city. I think it s now up to 27 cities,  Hart said.  BigLeaguePoliticsJUNE 10th   Nationwide U.S. rallies against Sharia and radical Islam. #MarchAgainstSharia #ManchesterArena @MarchAgstSharia pic.twitter.com/dokpNxYM9S  Pax Hart (@PaxHart) May 23, 2017An unidentified interviewer caught up with a black Trump supporters at a #MarchAgainstSharia event at Foley Square in NYC. The video can be seen below. Here is a partial transcript of the conversation: CNN is a part of this. They re in bed with radical Islam. All mainstream media is in bed with Sharia Law and that s why I m here ladies and gentlemen, to wake you up to mainstream media being complicit. They re in bed with Sharia Law. It s incompatible with the United States. It s hard to distinguish what the interviewer asks, but the Trump supporter answers the interviewer by saying that he loves Infowars, and goes on to thanks Infowars founder Alex Jones by saying,  Thank you brother, I love you! Black Trump supporter and infowarrior shouting @CNN is a terrorist organization. ""I love you @RealAlexJones"" he said. #MarchAgainstSharia pic.twitter.com/Y11IO8rfSW  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) June 10, 2017",0
10654,HILARIOUS! TRUMP Reserves “Special Seats” For NYT’s Reporters At Press Conference After Publishing FAKE NEWS On Russian Probe,"Former FBI Director James Comey admitted to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that he asked a Columbia professor friend to leak a memo he kept regarding his conversation with President Trump to the press.The memo was leaked to one of the key players in the witch hunt for a Russian connection with President Trump Russia, the New York Times, the leftist media arm of the Democrat Party. The New York Times ran with the story that Trump was pushing Comey to drop the Flynn investigation.GP: Comey also told the Senate Intelligence Committee he knew The New York Times was publishing leaked reports that were not accurate. But James Comey said he would not tell the NY Times about their fraudulent report because that would not be right (?).Jame Comey s priorities are a bit confusing.Zero Hedge   For those of you who continue to consume anonymously-sourced news from the likes of CNN, NYT, WAPO, etc, as pure fact and a perfect substitute for actual, unbiased journalism, while blindly ignoring the overwhelming evidence which continues to suggest these outlets are simply pushing a sensationalized narrative aimed at bringing down an administration of which they disapprove, please consider Comey s testimony from earlier today in which he describes a February NY Times story, which alleged numerous contacts between Trump associates and Russia, as  almost entirely wrong Meanwhile, in earlier testimony with Senator Risch, Comey further explained why anonymously sourced stories can often be pure  nonsense. Comey:   In the main it was not true.  And, again, all of you know this, maybe the American people do not, the challenge, and I m not picking on reporters, about writing stories about classified information is, the people talking about it often don t really know what s going on and those of us who actually know what s going on are not talking about it.And we don t call the press to say  hey, you got that thing wrong about his sensitive topic.' I mentioned to the chairman the nonsense around what influenced me to make the July 5th Statement.  Nonsense, but I can t go explaining why it s nonsense. As a special reward for publishing FAKE NEWS about President Trump, he offered the New York Times a special seat in the back row of his press conference right next to Univision!The White House has put the New York Times in the last row at today's joint press conference with Trump and Romania's president pic.twitter.com/ChFGMDpGti  Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 9, 2017According to Gabby Morrongiello, a reporter for the NYP, President Trump also made answering the questions of the fake news US reporters a low-priority:Romanian reporters have gotten 5 questions at this press conference so far. American reporters: 2  Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 9, 2017",0
10655,“BALONEY!” CNN Anchor Slammed By Weather Channel Founder Over Global Warming Scam [Video],"John Coleman, Founder, The Weather Channel, appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources with host Brian Stelter, after writing an open letter to UCLA denying the existence of anthropogenic global warming. This is a great takedown:Coleman told Stelter that  CNN has taken a very strong position on global warming that it is a consensus. Well there is no consensus in science. Science isn t a vote. Science is about facts,  and that he was  terribly disappointed  by his former network, The Weather Channel, because it  has bought into [climate change]. But so has all the media. That s no big surprise. Coleman notes that he is  not a  paid shill  (as has been claimed) of the Koch Brothers,  concluding his letter with a link to Heartland s Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change (NIPCC) website. Coleman s open letter to UCLA was sent to numerous local television stations in the Los Angeles area, as well as the Los Angeles Times.Coleman produced a special report for KUSI-TV, entitled Global Warming: The Other Side. The program suggests that Global Warming is a scam and presents what Colemen contends is evidence of a deliberate manipulation of world temperature data by NASA and other groups. ",0
10656,CLASSIC! PRESIDENT TRUMP Totally Rips CNN Reporter At Presser Over Comey Hearing [Video],"President Trump spoke in the Rose Garden today in a presser with Romania s leader It got contentious when CNN s Jonathan Karl asked questions about the Comey testimony It s a classic!Trump knows how to throw down the hammer on people. It s awesome!JONATHAN KARL RECENTLY HAD A RUN IN WITH SARA HUCKABEE-SANDERS: ABC s Jonathan Karl asked a very spunky Sara Huckabee-Sanders (yes, Sara is the daughter of the very funny and sarcastic former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee) if Vice President Pence was  in the dark  about the firing of FBI Director James Comey? Sara snapped back,  Nobody was in the dark Jonathan! You wanna create this false narrative. If we want talk about ah contradicting statements and people that were maybe in the dark, how about the Democrats?  Let s read a few of them. You wanna talk about  em? Here s what Democrats said not that long ago about James Comey :Harry Reid said,  Comey should resign and be investigated by the Senate. Senator Chuck Schumer,  I don t have confidence in him anymore.  Senator Bernie Sanders said,  It would not be a bad thing for the American people if Comey resigned.  Nancy Pelosi said,  Comey was not in the right job.  Former DNC Chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that she thought Comey was no longer able to serve in a neutral and credible way.  President Obama s advisor Valerie Jarrett reportedly urged him to fire Comey.  Just yesterday, Representative Maxine Waters said that,  Hillary Clinton would have fired Comey.  You wanna talk about people who are in the dark? The people that are in the dark today are the Democrats.Boom!Earlier today, we posted a video that President Trump posted to his Twitter page pointing out the absurd hypocrisy of the Democrats and their allies in the liberal media. This video pretty much sums up how hypocritical Democrats and their media arm really are when it comes to anything related to Trump.Watch:The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/UfbKEECm2V  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017",0
10657,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP Calls Out Feds On Overregulation: “It took only four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP ON OVERREGULATION:  They spent $29 million for an environmental report weighing 70 lbs. and costing $24,000 per page. I said, do me a favor, I m going to make a speech in a little while, do you mind if I take that and show it? So I m going to show it.  The president then walked away from the podium and flipped through the pages of the binder, then let each one hit the ground with a thud.With Trump s speech, the White House s so-called  infrastructure week  came to an end Friday. The effort was meant to highlight the need to speed up the permitting process before roads, bridges, ports and tracks across the country can be built. It took only four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge and five years to build the Hoover Dam and less than one year to build the Empire State building but today it can take 10 years just to get the approvals and permits needed to build a major infrastructure project,  Trump said.On Monday, the White House kicked off a weeklong focus on infrastructure, announcing a series of events and speeches where the president would draw attention to the issue his advisers say they hope can be tackled this year. We have structurally deficient bridges, clogged roads, crumbling dams and rocks, our rivers are in trouble, our railways are aging and chronic traffic that slows commerce and diminishes our citizens quality of life,  Trump said Friday.  Other than that, we are doing very well. Read more: WE",0
10658,OH THE IRONY! NANCY PELOSI: “Trump’s family should be concerned about his health” [Video],"Appearing on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) expressed concern for President Donald Trump s mental state saying she thinks his family should be concerned by his deterioration HUH? This is so ironic!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOMAxUDa3J4Asked by panelist Mike Barnicle,  Are you concerned of the president s health?  Pelosi said she believes Trump s family should intervene:THIS IS HYSTERICAL! AND SHE S QUESTIONING TRUMP S HEALTH? I think his family should be concerned of his health,  Pelosi carefully stated.  The fact is this is hopefully not repairable. He s the president of the United States. You mean you hope it is repairable,  host Joe Scarborough interjected. Yes, not irreparable,  Pelosi agreed.Later in the segment Pelosi was asked once again if she was concerned about the president s health, with the Democrat responding  I m concerned about his fitness for office. ",0
10659,JUDGE JEANINE ON JAMES COMEY: “He’s a predator!” [Video],"Judge Jeanine commented this morning on the FBI Director s testimony yesterday and in true Judge Jeanine style she didn t hold back! Why is he so comfortable with leaking? The answers were hogwash! Judge Jeanine is spot on in her assessment of Comey:James Comey comes across as someone who is so wily and so calculating  He gets to the point that he says,  I m going to start leaking this stuff now.  What is is about his time his background as a prosecutor. And, what I would like to know is, is he the leaker?Is he the guy who was so comfortable. And the answer is why did he didn t leak it himself, and the seagulls and the beach, is hogwash  The fact that he is so comfortable, that he leaks this to a liberal professer, tells me he was a predator.He was looking to take Donald down. What he wanted to do is take the president down. He is an operator. He is part of the liberal elite.",0
10660,WINNING! COAL MINERS CHEER When President Trump Announces First Coal Mine Opening in 6 Years Video],"President Trump spoke via pre-recorded video to cole miners at the announcement of the opening of the first coal mine in 6 years. This is another campaign promise fulfilled!Trump speaking via pre-recorded video to ceremony marking #coal mine opening in Somerset County, PA. pic.twitter.com/5OQgajZW4m  Daniel Moore (@PGdanielmoore) June 8, 2017PRESIDENT TRUMP MET WITH REPRESENTATIVES FROM THE COAL INDUSTRY IN FEBRUARY OF 2016: President Trump keeps proving the doubters wrong He keeps following through with his campaign promises like his promises to bring coal back. He met with representatives from the coal industry to sign a bill undoing Obama s coal mining rule. The people s president is a worker!OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON SCOTT PRUITT S APPOINTMENT TO EPA CHIEF THE LEFT WENT BONKERS!OKLAHOMA ATTORNEY GENERAL SCOTT PRUITT is another perfect choice from President-elect Donald Trump. He s sued the feds several times for their overreach in regulations on the coal industry. You have to love his commitment to keeping the federal government on the straight and narrow. It s funny that so many of Trump s picks have gone against Obama s policies We love it! The lefty politicians in DC wasted no time tweeted out their displeasure:When the Environmental Protection Agency proposed rules regulating carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants, Scott Pruitt sued. When the Justice Department offered legal status to young undocumented immigrants, Scott Pruitt sued. And when the Obama administration sought to give tax credits to states that hadn t set up their own health insurance exchanges, Scott Pruitt sued.Since becoming Oklahoma attorney general in 2010, Pruitt has filed or joined lawsuits against federal agencies at least a dozen times. Even when Oklahoma isn t an actual party in litigation, the state often submits a legal brief against the federal government. Besides air pollution, immigration and health care, Pruitt has fought federal laws and regulations on banking, contraception and endangered species. These days, whenever states go to court against the Obama administration, the chances are that Pruitt is somehow involved.Not that Pruitt is alone. During Obama s presidency, the entire cadre of Republican attorneys general (27 at present) has coordinated cases against federal agencies at an unprecedented pace. But Pruitt is at the center of the action. He has set up a first-in-the-nation  federalism unit,  which seeks to combat instances of federal overreach by every possible means.Read more: Governing",0
10661,FAST AND FURIOUS Hearing Rips Obama and Holder for Obstruction: “ATF and DOJ officials implemented an all-out campaign to silence me” [Video],"Members of a congressional committee ripped Obama and his attorney general for covering up an investigation into the death of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry. Terry was killed as a result of a botched government gun-running project known as Operation Fast and Furious:The House Oversight Committee also Wednesday released a scathing, nearly 300-page report that found Holder s Justice Department tried to hide the facts from the loved ones of slain Border Patrol Brian Terry   seeing his family as more of a  nuisance  than one deserving straight answers   and slamming Obama s assertion of executive privilege to deny Congress access to records pertaining to Fast and Furious.Senator Grassley accused the DOJ and ATF officials of obstructing the investigation and working to silence ATF agents who informed the Senate of Fast and Furious: The Department of Justice and ATF had no intention of looking for honest answers and being transparent. In fact, from the onset, bureaucrats employed shameless delay tactics to obstruct the investigation. One of the silenced ATF agents, John Dodson, testified Wednesday that he remains  in a state of purgatory  since objecting to Fast and Furious and has been the subject of reprisals and ridicule at the agency: That decision, the single act of standing up and saying,  What we are doing is wrong  instantly took my standing from being that of an agent of the government   to an enemy of the state. ATF and DOJ officials implemented an all-out campaign to silence and discredit me. Suffice to say, the last six to seven years at ATF have not been the best for me or my career. Grassley s and Dodson s testimony reinforced findings of the report, which states that the Justice Department knew before Terry s death that the ATF was  walking  firearms to Mexico and knew the day after the agent s death that Fast and Furious guns were involved in the shootout   despite denying these facts to the media. It goes on to state that the Justice Department s internal investigation focused more on spinning the story to avoid negative media coverage than looking into lapses by either the DOJ or ATF.The whistleblower testimony is especially compelling at the 42:00 point of the video:Several emails revealed in the report appear to indicate that some Justice Department staffers were working to keep information from political appointees at the department. I don t want to jinx it but it really is astounding that the plan worked   so far,  former Deputy Attorney General James Cole wrote in an email to Holder, according to the report.The report also says that Holder s Justice Department stonewalled inquiries from Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and deceptively told him that the  ATF makes every effort to interdict  firearms purchased by straw buyers. There are important reasons for not giving Grassley everything he is asking for: it would embolden him in future fights and would  use up  a lot of the material that we will eventually need to release to (California Rep. Darrell) Issa . . . as the oversight struggle continues,  the Office of Legislative Affairs Assistant Attorney General Ron Welch said in an email to DOJ colleagues.Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry died in a gunfight between Border Patrol agents and members of a six-man cartel  rip crew,  which regularly patrolled the desert along the U.S.-Mexico border looking for drug dealers to rob.Read more: FOX",0
10662,"MALE PAKISTANI IMMIGRANT Dresses As Woman In Burqa…Lures 11 Yr Old Boy From Mosque…Rapes, Strangles Him To Death","A man disguised himself in a burka in order to lure an 11-year-old boy whom he then raped and strangled to death, according to police in Abu Dhabi.The accused was aware that the boy would not accompany him if he knew he was a man, the Gulf News reported.The suspect, a Pakistani immigrant to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, is said to be known to the family of the victim, whose father is Pakistani and mother is Russian.He is accused of raping the boy and strangling him to death with a rope after picking him up from Ramadan prayers at a mosque.Azan Majid Janjua was reported missing last week after failing to come home from the mosque.He was later found by air-conditioning technicians on the roof of the building where he lived.He was reportedly found partially unclothed with his Quran lying beside him.The suspect was arrested within 48 hours of the discovery of the body, police said, after forensic evidence linked him to the crime.They declined to give any further details about the suspect or the evidence incriminating him.The murdered boy s father, Dr Majid Janjua, 38, told the local news site that his son was not in the habit of going off with strangers. He never went outside without our permission,  said Dr Janjua.  It is fate; Allah s decision. We have to accept it. The boy s mother is understood not to live in the Gulf state but was visiting at the time of the incident, which took place in the first week of the Islamic holy month Ramadan.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
10663,BOOM! MARCO RUBIO Has Best Line Of The Day At Comey Hearings [VIDEO],"He may not have been President Trump s biggest fan during the primary season, but Senator Marco Rubio exposed the truth behind the unfounded witch hunt today, as he landed a right hook to former FBI director Jame Comey during the hearings this afternoon. The mainstream media s been working overtime to impugn President Trump s character and question his involvement in Russia s interference in our election. Senator Rubio exposed their baseless claims with one great line Watch Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) deliver the best line of the day: The only thing that hasn t leaked is that Trump wasn t under investigation.  -US Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL)",0
10664,UPDATE: COMEY’S LEAKER Goes Into Hiding [Video],"A Columbia University professor from Brooklyn went into hiding Thursday after pal James Comey revealed during his Senate testimony that the man leaked memos detailing the former FBI chief s conversations with President Trump to the press.But Richman had vanished from his Henry Street digs by midday, and family members, friends and neighbors wouldn t answer doors or phone calls to shed any more light.A doorman eventually turned security guard to stop reporters entering the building.Richman s wife, Alexandra Bowie, is a former president of the influential neighborhood civic group the Brooklyn Heights Association. Its director, Peter Bray, declined to speak about the man who had suddenly usurped Lena Dunham as the nabe s most famous inhabitant.Comey said in his testimony that he decided to give the content of his Trump memo to his good friend to leak to the press after President Trump tweeted out about possible  takes  of their conversations. Comey also said of leaking the memo,  I thought it might prompt the appointment of a special counsel.  Via: NYPWho knew the FBI Director was a leaker! This is too much! Our intel community has become so politicized that it prohibits them from following the law or even focusing on gutting to the truth! During testimony today, Susan Collins asked if Comey ever shared memos from President Trump:COMEY S RESPONSE WAS A SHOCKER. HE SAID HE FELT HE NEEDED TO GET THAT OUT INTO THE PUBLIC SQUARE SO HE ASKED A FRIEND TO SHARE THE MEMO WITH A REPORTER:The person that Comey gave the memos to is a former classmate from Columbia Law School. He is considered to be a and adviser to Comey. Daniel Richman is in the video below and is a rather interesting guy. The video is dated but is meant to give you an idea of the character of this  friend  and  adviser  to the former FBI Director.Comey stated:James Comey leaked details of his conversation with @POTUS to  friend and confidant  Daniel Richman.Does this man look sane to you? pic.twitter.com/06Q7cfNRLI  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 8, 2017 Does this man look sane to you? pic.twitter.com/06Q7cfNRLI  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 8, 2017",0
10665,PHONY HILLARY Breaks Out Fake Southern Accent During Speech to Grads [Video],"HILLARY HAS A TRACK RECORD OF BEING A BIG PHONY She s been caught on numerous occasions breaking out a fake southern accent. It s just too funny! Here she is at the CUNY graduation spewing bs and faking her accent:Bitter Hillary Clinton giving commencement speech at CUNY during #ComeyTestimony: ""I wish I was flying in from the White House!"" pic.twitter.com/9dSqvwGtq5  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 8, 2017 In case you missed her past takes on a fake Southern accent:MEMPHIS: She s just like one of you Ha! Hillary Clinton breaks out the very phony Southern accent during a speech in Memphis. This always cracks me up because I m from the South and we can spot a phony a mile away. Pandering to her base is what Clinton does best. Just like Obama, she plays to the crowd she s speaking to by adopting their accent or acting like she s just one of them. This folksy style is cringe inducing for anyone with half a brain but she IS speaking to a group of Democrats soooooo  SOUTH CAROLINA: Hillary Clinton sat down for a  Chair Chat  with the Chairman of the Democratic Party of South Carolina. During the interview, as in many of her speeches to people who live in the South, she put on a Southern accent that is absent from her speeches to Northerners. We made a mashup of some of the most painfully pandering moments, and ranked the intensity of her accent with cowboy boots (1 = lowest, 5 = strongest). ",0
10666,BEAUTIFUL! MSNBC’s Chris Matthews ADMITS Trump Collusion Case ‘Came Apart’ With Comey Testimony [Video],"How sweet is this? Chris Matthews had to admit that there s no case in the witch hunt on Trump. Chris Matthews talks about how the theory  came apart :  The assumption of the critics of the president, of his pursuers, you might say, is that somewhere along the line in the last year is the president had something to do with colluding with the Russians   to affect the election in some way. And yet what came apart this morning was that theory Flynn wasn t central to the Russian investigation, and secondly, that kills the idea that Flynn might have been in a position to testify against Trump. And if that s not the case, where s the there-there? How great is today when all of the media big headed pundits have to admit that this entire drama-filled scam is a lie!",0
10667,BUSTED! TRUMP LAWYER Nails Comey on a BIG LIE While Under Oath! [Video],"President Trump s lawyer Marc Kasowitz made a statement after the Comey Testimony and nailed the fact that Comey lied under oath! This is a whopper: Comey testified that he only leaked the memos in response to a tweet. The public record reveals that The New York Times was quoting from those memos the day before the referenced tweet.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWrt7eDOUXUTRANSCRIPT:  Contrary to numerous false press accounts leading up to today s hearing, Mr. Comey has now finally confirmed publicly what he repeatedly told the President privately: The President was not under investigation as part of any probe into Russian interference. He also admitted that there is no evidence that a single vote changed as a result of any Russian interference.Mr Comey s testimony also makes clear that the President never sought to impede the investigation into attempted Russian interference in the 2016 election, and in fact, according to Mr. Comey, the President told Mr. Comey  it would be good to find out  in that investigation if there were  some  satellite  associates of his who did something wrong.  And he did not exclude anyone from that statement.Consistent with that statement, the President never, in form or substance, directed or suggested that Mr. Comey stop investigating anyone, including suggesting that that Mr. Comey let Flynn go.  As he publicly stated the next day, he did say to Mr. Comey,  General Flynn is a good guy, he has been through a lot  and also  asked how is General Flynn is doing.  Admiral Rogers testified that the President never  directed [him] to do anything . . . illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate  and never  pressured [him] to do so.  Director Coates said the same thing. The President likewise never pressured Mr. Comey. .The President also never told Mr. Comey,  I need loyalty, I expect loyalty  in form or substance. Of course, the Office of the President is entitled to expect loyalty from those who are serving in an administration, and, from before this President took office to this day, it is overwhelmingly clear that there have been and continue to be those in government who are actively attempting to undermine this administration with selective and illegal leaks of classified information and privileged communications. Mr. Comey has now admitted that he is one of these leakers.Today, Mr. Comey admitted that he unilaterally and surreptitiously made unauthorized disclosures to the press of privileged communications with the President. The leaks of this privileged information began no later than March 2017 when friends of Mr. Comey have stated he disclosed to them the conversations he had with the President during their January 27, 2017 dinner and February 14, 2017 White House meeting. Today, Mr. Comey admitted that he leaked to friends his purported memos of these privileged conversations, one of which he testified was classified. He also testified that immediately after he was terminated he authorized his friends to leak the contents of these memos to the press in order to  prompt the appointment of a special counsel. Although Mr. Comey testified he only leaked the memos in response to a tweet, the public record reveals that the New York Times was quoting from these memos the day before the referenced tweet, which belies Mr. Comey s excuse for this unauthorized disclosure of privileged information and appears to entirely retaliatory. We will leave it the appropriate authorities to determine whether this leaks should be investigated along with all those others being investigated.In sum, it is now established that there the President was not being investigated for colluding with the or attempting to obstruct that investigation. As the Committee pointed out today, these important facts for the country to know are virtually the only facts that have not leaked during the long course of these events. ",0
10668,BOMBSHELL: Comey Reveals AG Lynch Asked Him To Refer To Clinton Email Probe As “Matter NOT Investigation” [Video],"James Comey testified this morning that Loretta Lynch told his to refer to the Clinton email investigation as a  matter  and not an investigation:James Comey reveals AG Lynch had asked him to refer to Clinton email probe as a  matter  rather than an  investigation  #ComeyHearings pic.twitter.com/82yOkpunfF  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 8, 2017The fact that these two felt they could confide in saying this tells us so much. They were both in the business of protecting the Clintons. Comey continues to grandstand and prove he is a gas bag of anti-Trump anger.THE NSA REFUSED TO RELEASE THE CLINTON/LYNCH TARMAC TRANSCRIPT: If Clinton and Lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? This is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along Bill Clinton was meeting with Lynch to fight Hillary s battle. They won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government Are we right?A citizen researcher from Florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch tarmac tape released to the public, but apparently, the National Security Agency claims they won t release it due to  national security. The man researching and seeking to have the tape released is Florida orthodontist Larry Kawa. You may remember him because of Judicial Watch s filing of a lawsuit on his behalf to obtain a week s worth of Hillary Clinton s emails regarding Benghazi.It s being reported now that the NSA has declared the recording of the conversation that took place between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch in Phoenix, Arizona on June 27, 2016.Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act request in March of this year to obtain the following:Any and all records and/or transcripts of a meeting held between Attorney General Loretta lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all references to the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton contained in day planners, calendars and schedules in the Office of theAttorney General. This brings us to Kawa. In an article at Big League Politics, Patrick Howley writes:The National Security Agency (NSA) blocked the release of a purported tape of Bill Clinton and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s private airplane talk with a rare legal justification used to protect top national security secrets.The NSA s block of the release of this information   citing one of President Obama s executive orders   undercuts Hillary Clinton s claim that her husband and Lynch had a  purely social  conversation about grandkids and golf on June 27, 2016, two weeks before Lynch dropped the Department of Justice investigation into Hillary Clinton s email scandal.Read more: Freedom Outpost",0
10669,"PROOF That Obama Interfered TWICE In Foreign Elections, Including Time He Used U.S. TAXPAYER MONEY To Defeat Conservative Israeli Leader [VIDEO]","President Barack Obama recently said he told Russian President Vladimir Putin to  knock it off  back in September. Obama s alleged demand was a result of the supposed  hacking  of the computers of the Democratic National Committee (DNC), in what has been presented as an attempt by the Russians to influence the outcome of the presidential election in favor of Donald Trump.This alleged effort by the Russians was even cited as a reason to block Trump s election in the Electoral College. Some presidential electors even asked for an intelligence briefing before they cast their votes, so they would know exactly what Putin s government did. Of course, almost all those asking for the briefing were Democrat electors already voting for Trump s Democrat opponent, Hillary Clinton, so it could be dismissed as just a political ploy.But, if the Russians did covertly attempt to alter the outcome of the presidential election, it would seem somewhat hypocritical of the U.S. government to take umbrage. After all, the United States, under several presidents both Democrat and Republican, has repeatedly interfered in foreign elections, both covertly and overtly, multiple times in the past several decades.Most recently, President Obama told British voters that they better not vote for Brexit   the public vote for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union (EU)   or they would find themselves  at the back of the queue [line]  in getting any sort of trade deal with the United States. Of course, with Obama leaving office on January 20, he would not be making any trade deals with anyone much longer anyway.Here is the video of Barack Obama attempting to influence the Brexit vote by threatening to put them at the back of the que:Obama went on to say,  I think this [membership in the EU] makes you guys bigger players,  at a joint press conference with then-British Prime Minister David Cameron, a staunch supporter of remaining in the EU. In the end, the British did not take Obama s  advice,  and opted to leave the EU.It was not the first time that the Obama administration attempted to determine the outcome of a foreign election. In the last Israeli election, the Obama State Department funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxpayer money to the opposition of Israel s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found that the State Department and a group called One Voice coordinated political activities   including the building of a voter database, the training of activists, and the hiring of a political consulting firm tied to President Obama himself.Watch here:Yet, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has charged that Russia interfered with the 2016 U.S. presidential election by releasing e-mails damaging to the Clinton campaign effort. But why is it acceptable for the United States government to interfere in another nation s election campaign efforts, but not acceptable for other countries   including Russia   to (allegedly) interfere in U.S. elections?The Brexit vote and Israeli election are not the only times this has happened. Don Levin of Carnegie Mellon University has documented 81 times the United States has attempted to influence presidential elections in other countries between 1946 and 2000. And then, of course, there are the military coups backed by the United States and the regime changes imposed by military actions. In his study, Levin described  intervention  as including funding of the election campaigns of selected political parties, the dissemination of political propaganda, training of local activists in political techniques, and public comments by high-ranking U.S. officials, favoring or disfavoring one side or the other. He also included public threats to withdraw foreign aid, or even promises to provide it if one side were to be elected.For entire story: The American",0
10670,CNN BLASTED FOR FAKE NEWS ON TRUMP…Finally Issues Retraction,"WOW! Not until people like Brett Hume tweeted out bashing CNN for their fake news did CNN finally retract a lie about Trump.CNN has FINALLY corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI Director James Comey s opening statement for his Thursday testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee contradicted the reports  sources.The CNN report said Comey was expected to dispute President Trump s claims that Comey said he was not under investigation on multiple occasions.The report, titled  Comey expected to refute Trump,  was based on unnamed sources and said Comey s conversations with the president  were much more nuanced,  and that Trump drew the wrong conclusion.The story was complied by four CNN journalists, including Gloria Borger, Eric Lichtblau, Jake Tapper and Brian Rokus.Borger reiterated the reports claims in an appearance on CNN Tuesday. Comey is going to dispute the president on this point if he s asked about it by senators, and we have to assume that he will be,  said Borger, the network s chief political analyst.  He will say he never assured Donald Trump that he was not under investigation, that that would have been improper for him to do so. Comey s opening statement did, however, mention asserting that Trump was not under investigation, however the statement failed to specify whether Trump was not under criminal investigation, but only said there was no counter-intelligence investigation on the president.Read more: The Hill",0
10671,DELUSIONAL DEMOCRAT AL GREEN: “I Will Draw Up Documents of Impeachment” [Video],"Texas Democrat Rep. Al Green announced on Wednesday he would draw up articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump. This is the second time he s done this he s obviously got Trump Derangement Syndrome!Two delusional Democrats can t let this go   Trump derangement syndrome!Now There Are Two: Rep. Brad Sherman Joins Rep. Al Green in Call to Impeach Trump https://t.co/GoebRqz8zO pic.twitter.com/BhXq7LDpUq  Mediaite (@Mediaite) June 7, 2017OUR PAST REPORT ON AL GREEN S CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT: Spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of Democrats It s really pitiful to watch  Last night, following the release of the Washington Post fake news on Trump and Russia, several videos immediately came out repeating the same fake news. It s uncanny that the media could be so coordinated in their reports on President Trump Of course, we believe there s something to that.Two  Congresscritters  have come out to call for the impeachment of President Trump .With ZERO evidence of ANY wrongdoing, it s laughable One of our favorites is Maxine Waters but this next Congressman runs a close second. Al Green claims Trump was  hobnobbing  with the Russians Haha!Congressman Al Green just released a statement on why he believes President Trump should be impeached. This statement is laughable. Was Al Green elected because of his name? Voters can be that way, ya know This guy is the definition of clueless! Who elects these brainiacs?Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has suggested impeachment during TV interviews, but Green is the first member of Congress to formally call for impeachment hearings.Green said Trump s own public statements showed he fired Comey over the Russia investigation, which he said was grounds for impeachment:Waters and Green are a total joke! These are just two of the jokers running Washington. This is truly scary.",0
10672,BOOM! BRILLIANT ANDREW MCCARTHY Totally Destroys Any Case Against Trump [Video],"Andrew McCarthy is just awesome! He goes through the reasons why there is nothing on Trump at all. Tucker Carlson even says at the end of the interview that McCarthy should work in the White house I don t know a single person who works at the White House who can explain things the way you can. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAsy2ob28s0You have to love the common sense and brilliance of McCarthy. Here s a great McCarthy piece from the National Review:Finally, something else about those lawyers. I nearly fell out of my chair upon reading the very first paragraph of the notes of Clinton s interview, which identifies the lawyers for Clinton who were permitted to be present for the interview. Among them is Cheryl Mills, Clinton s longtime confidant and chief-of-staff at the State Department.Readers may recall that I suggested back in May that  the fix  was in in the investigation of the Clinton emails. The reason was that the Justice Department was allowing Cheryl Mills   a witness, if not a subject, of the investigation   to invoke attorney-client privilege on behalf of Mrs. Clinton in order to thwart the FBI s attempt to inquire into the procedure used to produce Clinton s emails to the State Department. Mills was a participant in that procedure   and it is the procedure in which, we now know, well over 30,000 emails were attempted to be destroyed, including several thousand that contained government-related business.When she worked for Clinton at State, Mills was not acting in the capacity of a lawyer   not for then-Secretary Clinton and not for the State Department. Moreover, as Clinton s chief-of-staff, Mills was intimately involved in issues related to Clinton s private email set up, the discussions about getting her a secure BlackBerry similar to President Obama s, and questions that were raised (including in FOIA requests) about Clinton s communications.That is to say, Mills was an actor in the facts that were under criminal investigation by the FBI. Put aside that she was not Mrs. Clinton s lawyer while working for the State Department; as I explained in the May column, Mills, after leaving the State Department, was barred by ethical rules from acting as Mrs. Clinton s lawyer  in connection with a matter in which the lawyer participated personally and substantially as a public officer or employee. There is no way Mills should have been permitted to participate as a lawyer in the process of producing Clinton s emails to the State Department nearly two years after they d both left.I thought it was astonishing that the Justice Department indulged her attorney-client privilege claim, which frustrated the FBI s ability to question her on a key aspect of the investigation. But it is simply unbelievable to find her turning up at Mrs. Clinton s interview   participating in the capacity of a lawyer under circumstances where Clinton was being investigated over matters in which Mills participated as a non-lawyer government official.Read more: NRO",0
10673,CHELSEA CLINTON Confronted by Woman at Book Signing: “Can you sign this for my friend Juanita Broaddrick” [Video],"Watch what happens when Laura Loomer asks Chelsea Clinton to sign a copy of her book,  She Persisted  for her friend, Juanita Broaddrick:  Because this book s for everyone, including women who have wanted to speak up but have been told to quiet down, can you sign it for a my friend Juanita Broaddrick? Because she s been silenced by your parents, especially Bill Clinton, who s a rapist. Can you sign it for her? The funny thing is that Chelsea was just offered a cool one million dollars to take a DNA test to prove her REAL dad is Webster Hubbell: Jones made the offer on the Wednesday edition of the Alex Jones Show while previewing an upcoming video showing Chelsea being confronted on her father s alleged rape of Juanita Broaddrick.  We also have a woman confronting Chelsea Clinton who is now the spitting image of Webster Hubbell, no doubt,  Jones said. In fact I ll offer Chelsea Clinton $1 million to the charity of her choice   where she s looted billions out of Haiti and other places so she doesn t care   a million dollars to the charity of her choice to have a third-party group do a maternity or a paternity test on her   and you know she s Webster Hubbell.   I mean you look at this new video we re gonna play when we come back, it is Webster Hubbell  I mean it s Webster Hubbell. Those are some strong genes. I mean that is daddy s little girl right there. That is daddy s girl. That ain t Bill Clinton s girl, that s daddy s girl right there. I mean I ve never seen somebody with such a spitting image of their daddy. Read more: Info Wars ",0
10674,WINNING! TRUMP STOPS Obama-Era DOJ “Slush Fund” Payouts to Radical Groups,"Eric Holder was the king of extortion from big companies. He had it all figured out and was able to redistribute money from these  settlements  to the favorite radical group of the day. That this went on at our Justice Department is the height of hypocrisy.The Justice Department announced Wednesday it will no longer allow prosecutors to strike settlement agreements with big companies directing them to make payouts to outside groups, ending an Obama-era practice that Republicans decried as a  slush fund  that padded the accounts of liberal interest groups.In a memo sent to 94 U.S. attorneys  offices early Wednesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he would end the practice that allowed companies to meet settlement burdens by giving money to groups that were neither victims nor parties to the case.Sessions said the money should, instead, go to the Treasury Department or victims. When the federal government settles a case against a corporate wrongdoer, any settlement funds should go first to the victims and then to the American people not to bankroll third-party special interest groups or the political friends of whoever is in power,  Sessions said in a statement. This bill is oversight and action. Congress must not tolerate Justice Department political appointees using settlements to funnel money to their liberal friends,  Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., who introduced the bill, said in a statement.HERE S OUR PAST REPORT ON THIS  SLUSH FUND :If you needed one more reason to think our government is like the Mafia  A slush fund scheme via the Department of Justice funneled billions of dollars to liberal activist organizations. The Department of Justice is the last place this should have happened but under Obama our government was turned into a radical fundraising apparatus for progressives. This has Eric Holder and Barack Obama s fingerprints all over it! Advocates for big government and progressive power are using the Justice Department to extort money from corporations. It s a shakedown. It s corrupt, pure and simple.    Tom Fitton, Judicial WatchHere s how it works: Remember when big banks were sued by the feds for supposed mortgage abuse or discrimination? The government basically extorted money from the banks and then incentivized the banks to settle by giving the money to third-party organizations. How convenient, right?  It was a way to redistribute billions to radical organizations like La Raza!So far, investigators have accounted for $3 billion paid to  non-victim entities . The underlying problem with the slush funds is we don t know exactly where the money is going. Using enforcement authority to go after corporate defendants, DOJ bureaucrats are taking billions away from taxpayers to fund their pet projects overriding congressional preferences.    Ted Frank, director of The Competitive Enterprise Institute Center for Class Action Fairness. READ MORE: FOX NEWSRead more: FOX News",0
10675,JAMES COMEY’S Bombshell Pre-Testimony Statement,"Read former FBI Director James Comey s full statement below:Statement for the Record Senate Select Committee on Intelligence James B. Comey June 8, 2017Chairman Burr, Ranking Member Warner, Members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me to appear before you today. I was asked to testify today to describe for you my interactions with President-Elect and President Trump on subjects that I understand are of interest to you. I have not included every detail from my conversations with the President, but, to the best of my recollection, I have tried to include information that may be relevant to the Committee.January 6 BriefingI first met then-President-Elect Trump on Friday, January 6 in a conference room at Trump Tower in New York. I was there with other Intelligence Community (IC) leaders to brief him and his new national security team on the findings of an IC assessment concerning Russian efforts to interfere in the election. At the conclusion of that briefing, I remained alone with the President-Elect to brief him on some personally sensitive aspects of the information assembled during the assessment.The IC leadership thought it important, for a variety of reasons, to alert the incoming President to the existence of this material, even though it was salacious and unverified. Among those reasons were: (1) we knew the media was about to publicly report the material and we believed the IC should not keep knowledge of the material and its imminent release from the President-Elect; and (2) to the extent there was some effort to compromise an incoming President, we could blunt any such effort with a defensive briefing.The Director of National Intelligence asked that I personally do this portion of the briefing because I was staying in my position and because the material implicated the FBI s counter-intelligence responsibilities. We also agreed I would do it alone to minimize potential embarrassment to the President-Elect. Although we agreed it made sense for me to do the briefing, the FBI s leadership and I were concerned that the briefing might create a situation where a new President came into office uncertain about whether the FBI was conducting a counter-intelligence investigation of his personal conduct.It is important to understand that FBI counter-intelligence investigations are different than the more-commonly known criminal investigative work. The Bureau s goal in a counter-intelligence investigation is to understand the technical and human methods that hostile foreign powers are using to influence the United States or to steal our secrets. The FBI uses that understanding to disrupt those efforts. Sometimes disruption takes the form of alerting a person who is targeted for recruitment or influence by the foreign power. Sometimes it involves hardening a computer system that is being attacked. Sometimes it involves  turning  the recruited person into a double-agent, or publicly calling out the behavior with sanctions or expulsions of embassy-based intelligence officers. On occasion, criminal prosecution is used to disrupt intelligence activities.Because the nature of the hostile foreign nation is well known, counterintelligence investigations tend to be centered on individuals the FBI suspects to be witting or unwitting agents of that foreign power. When the FBI develops reason to believe an American has been targeted for recruitment by a foreign power or is covertly acting as an agent of the foreign power, the FBI will  open an investigation  on that American and use legal authorities to try to learn more about the nature of any relationship with the foreign power so it can be disrupted.In that context, prior to the January 6 meeting, I discussed with the FBI s leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure President-Elect Trump that we were not investigating him personally. That was true; we did not have an open counter-intelligence case on him. We agreed I should do so if circumstances warranted. During our one-on-one meeting at Trump Tower, based on President-Elect Trump s reaction to the briefing and without him directly asking the question, I offered that assurance.I felt compelled to document my first conversation with the President-Elect in a memo. To ensure accuracy, I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting. Creating written records immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward. This had not been my practice in the past. I spoke alone with President Obama twice in person (and never on the phone)   once in 2015 to discuss law enforcement policy issues and a second time, briefly, for him to say goodbye in late 2016. In neither of those circumstances did I memorialize the discussions. I can recall nine one-on-one conversations with President Trump in four months   three in person and six on the phone.January 27 DinnerThe President and I had dinner on Friday, January 27 at 6:30 pm in the Green Room at the White House. He had called me at lunchtime that day and invited me to dinner that night, saying he was going to invite my whole family, but decided to have just me this time, with the whole family coming the next time. It was unclear from the conversation who else would be at the dinner, although I assumed there would be others.It turned out to be just the two of us, seated at a small oval table in the center of the Green Room. Two Navy stewards waited on us, only entering the room to serve food and drinks.The President began by asking me whether I wanted to stay on as FBI Director, which I found strange because he had already told me twice in earlier conversations that he hoped I would stay, and I had assured him that I intended to. He said that lots of people wanted my job and, given the abuse I had taken during the previous year, he would understand if I wanted to walk away.My instincts told me that the one-on-one setting, and the pretense that this was our first discussion about my position, meant the dinner was, at least in part, an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship. That concerned me greatly, given the FBI s traditionally independent status in the executive branch.I replied that I loved my work and intended to stay and serve out my ten-year term as Director. And then, because the set-up made me uneasy, I added that I was not  reliable  in the way politicians use that word, but he could always count on me to tell him the truth. I added that I was not on anybody s side politically and could not be counted on in the traditional political sense, a stance I said was in his best interest as the President.A few moments later, the President said,  I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.  I didn t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence that followed. We simply looked at each other in silence. The conversation then moved on, but he returned to the subject near the end of our dinner.At one point, I explained why it was so important that the FBI and the Department of Justice be independent of the White House. I said it was a paradox: Throughout history, some Presidents have decided that because  problems  come from Justice, they should try to hold the Department close. But blurring those boundaries ultimately makes the problems worse by undermining public trust in the institutions and their work.Near the end of our dinner, the President returned to the subject of my job, saying he was very glad I wanted to stay, adding that he had heard great things about me from Jim Mattis, Jeff Sessions, and many others. He then said,  I need loyalty.  I replied,  You will always get honesty from me.  He paused and then said,  That s what I want, honest loyalty.  I paused, and then said,  You will get that from me.  As I wrote in the memo I created immediately after the dinner, it is possible we understood the phrase  honest loyalty  differently, but I decided it wouldn t be productive to push it further. The term   honest loyalty   had helped end a very awkward conversation and my explanations had made clear what he should expect.During the dinner, the President returned to the salacious material I had briefed him about on January 6, and, as he had done previously, expressed his disgust for the allegations and strongly denied them. He said he was considering ordering me to investigate the alleged incident to prove it didn t happen. I replied that he should give that careful thought because it might create a narrative that we were investigating him personally, which we weren t, and because it was very difficult to prove a negative. He said he would think about it and asked me to think about it.As was my practice for conversations with President Trump, I wrote a detailed memo about the dinner immediately afterwards and shared it with the senior leadership team of the FBI.February 14 Oval Office MeetingOn February 14, I went to the Oval Office for a scheduled counterterrorism briefing of the President. He sat behind the desk and a group of us sat in a semi-circle of about six chairs facing him on the other side of the desk. The Vice President, Deputy Director of the CIA, Director of the National CounterTerrorism Center, Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and I were in the semi-circle of chairs. I was directly facing the President, sitting between the Deputy CIA Director and the Director of NCTC. There were quite a few others in the room, sitting behind us on couches and chairs.The President signaled the end of the briefing by thanking the group and telling them all that he wanted to speak to me alone. I stayed in my chair. As the participants started to leave the Oval Office, the Attorney General lingered by my chair, but the President thanked him and said he wanted to speak only with me. The last person to leave was Jared Kushner, who also stood by my chair and exchanged pleasantries with me. The President then excused him, saying he wanted to speak with me.When the door by the grandfather clock closed, and we were alone, the President began by saying,  I want to talk about Mike Flynn.  Flynn had resigned the previous day. The President began by saying Flynn hadn t done anything wrong in speaking with the Russians, but he had to let him go because he had misled the Vice President. He added that he had other concerns about Flynn, which he did not then specify.The President then made a long series of comments about the problem with leaks of classified information   a concern I shared and still share. After he had spoken for a few minutes about leaks, Reince Priebus leaned in through the door by the grandfather clock and I could see a group of people waiting behind him. The President waved at him to close the door, saying he would be done shortly. The door closed.The President then returned to the topic of Mike Flynn, saying,  He is a good guy and has been through a lot.  He repeated that Flynn hadn t done anything wrong on his calls with the Russians, but had misled the Vice President. He then said,  I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.  I replied only that  he is a good guy.  (In fact, I had a positive experience dealing with Mike Flynn when he was a colleague as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency at the beginning of my term at FBI.) I did not say I would  let this go. The President returned briefly to the problem of leaks. I then got up and left out the door by the grandfather clock, making my way through the large group of people waiting there, including Mr. Priebus and the Vice President.I immediately prepared an unclassified memo of the conversation about Flynn and discussed the matter with FBI senior leadership. I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about his conversations with the Russian ambassador in December. I did not understand the President to be talking about the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to his campaign. I could be wrong, but I took him to be focusing on what had just happened with Flynn s departure and the controversy around his account of his phone calls. Regardless, it was very concerning, given the FBI s role as an independent investigative agency.The FBI leadership team agreed with me that it was important not to infect the investigative team with the President s request, which we did not intend to abide. We also concluded that, given that it was a one-on-one conversation, there was nothing available to corroborate my account. We concluded it made little sense to report it to Attorney General Sessions, who we expected would likely recuse himself from involvement in Russia-related investigations. (He did so two weeks later.) The Deputy Attorney General s role was then filled in an acting capacity by a United States Attorney, who would also not be long in the role.After discussing the matter, we decided to keep it very closely held, resolving to figure out what to do with it down the road as our investigation progressed. The investigation moved ahead at full speed, with none of the investigative team members   or the Department of Justice lawyers supporting them   aware of the President s request.Shortly afterwards, I spoke with Attorney General Sessions in person to pass along the President s concerns about leaks. I took the opportunity to implore the Attorney General to prevent any future direct communication between the President and me. I told the AG that what had just happened   him being asked to leave while the FBI Director, who reports to the AG, remained behind   was inappropriate and should never happen. He did not reply. For the reasons discussed above, I did not mention that the President broached the FBI s potential investigation of General Flynn.March 30 Phone CallOn the morning of March 30, the President called me at the FBI. He described the Russia investigation as  a cloud  that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country. He said he had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed he was being recorded when in Russia. He asked what we could do to  lift the cloud.  I responded that we were investigating the matter as quickly as we could, and that there would be great benefit, if we didn t find anything, to our having done the work well. He agreed, but then re-emphasized the problems this was causing him.Then the President asked why there had been a congressional hearing about Russia the previous week   at which I had, as the Department of Justice directed, confirmed the investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign. I explained the demands from the leadership of both parties in Congress for more information, and that Senator Grassley had even held up the confirmation of the Deputy Attorney General until we briefed him in detail on the investigation. I explained that we had briefed the leadership of Congress on exactly which individuals we were investigating and that we had told those Congressional leaders that we were not personally investigating President Trump. I reminded him I had previously told him that. He repeatedly told me,  We need to get that fact out.  (I did not tell the President that the FBI and the Department of Justice had been reluctant to make public statements that we did not have an open case on President Trump for a number of reasons, most importantly because it would create a duty to correct, should that change.)The President went on to say that if there were some  satellite  associates of his who did something wrong, it would be good to find that out, but that he hadn t done anything wrong and hoped I would find a way to get it out that we weren t investigating him.In an abrupt shift, he turned the conversation to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, saying he hadn t brought up  the McCabe thing  because I had said McCabe was honorable, although McAuliffe was close to the Clintons and had given him (I think he meant Deputy Director McCabe s wife) campaign money. Although I didn t understand why the President was bringing this up, I repeated that Mr. McCabe was an honorable person.He finished by stressing  the cloud  that was interfering with his ability to make deals for the country and said he hoped I could find a way to get out that he wasn t being investigated. I told him I would see what we could do, and that we would do our investigative work well and as quickly as we could.Immediately after that conversation, I called Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente (AG Sessions had by then recused himself on all Russia-related matters), to report the substance of the call from the President, and said I would await his guidance. I did not hear back from him before the President called me again two weeks later.April 11 Phone CallOn the morning of April 11, the President called me and asked what I had done about his request that I  get out  that he is not personally under investigation. I replied that I had passed his request to the Acting Deputy Attorney General, but I had not heard back. He replied that  the cloud  was getting in the way of his ability to do his job. He said that perhaps he would have his people reach out to the Acting Deputy Attorney General. I said that was the way his request should be handled. I said the White House Counsel should contact the leadership of DOJ to make the request, which was the traditional channel.He said he would do that and added,  Because I have been very loyal to you, very loyal; we had that thing you know.  I did not reply or ask him what he meant by  that thing.  I said only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General. He said that was what he would do and the call ended.That was the last time I spoke with President Trump.",0
10676,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: James Comey’s Pre-Testimony Reveals Trump Did Nothing Illegal [Video],"Judge Napolitano just took the fun out of the Democrat s party tomorrow They have nothing! It s what we ve known but it s great to hear from Napolitano who is a fair guy.  It doesn t appear as though these conversations that the president had with Director Comey could constitute the level of constitutional obstruction of justice necessary to commence any further proceedings like impeachment like Democrats want to do.    Judge NapoltanoEARLIER TODAY   INTEL DIRECTORS SPOKE UP ON THE FACT THAT TRUMP DID NOTHING: The Senate Intel Committee is holding an open hearing on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act today and the intel directors are saying there is nothing to the claim that Trump asked anyone to shut down an investigation: NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers says he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal, immoral or inappropriate. NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers say he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal, immoral or inappropriate.  pic.twitter.com/hIuLdo2G6M  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017He dropped the line that should shut down the Trump witch hunt for good but you know it won t. The press is already spinning this one. Senator Marco Rubio even doubled down and asked a similar question (Video below)Rubio: Has anyone asked you to issue a statement you knew to be false?NSA Dir.: I standby my statement. Natl Intel Dir.: I do likewise.Rubio: Has anyone asked you to issue a statement you knew to be false? NSA Dir.: I standby my statement. Natl Intel Dir.: I do likewise. pic.twitter.com/6qb133nyhu  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017 We have never, not once, found an intentional violation of this program.    Natl Intel Director Coats about compliance track record We have never, not once, found an intentional violation of this program.    Natl Intel Director Coats about compliance track record pic.twitter.com/sT68H1yqHA  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017It s not like Mike Rogers is untrustworthy. The guy has an incredible resume on Wiki:Michael S. Rogers (born October 31, 1959) is a United States Navy admiral who serves as Director of the National Security Agency (NSA), Commander of the U.S. Cyber Command (USCYBERCOM) and Chief of the Central Security Service (CSS) since April 3, 2014. Prior to that, Rogers served as the Commander of the Tenth Fleet and Commander of the U.S. Fleet Cyber Command.Rogers is a native of Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from New Trier High School in 1977. He is a graduate of Auburn University (1981) and the Naval War College.Rogers received his commission through the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps (NROTC) program and has served in the United States Navy since graduating from Auburn University in 1981. He started his career as a Surface Warfare Officer working in naval gunfire support operations off Grenada, Beirut, and maritime surveillance operations off El Salvador. In 1986, he was selected for transfer from Unrestricted Line Officer to Restricted Line Officer and re-designation as a cryptology officer.During the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, Rogers joined the military s Joint Staff, which works for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, where he specialized in computer network attacks. From 2007 onward he served as director of intelligence for the military s Pacific Command. In 2009, he became director of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and was subsequently named commander of U.S. Fleet Cyber Command and commander of the U.S. 10th Fleet, with responsibility for all of the Navy s cyberwarfare efforts. As such, Rogers was the first restricted line officer to serve as a numbered fleet commander and the first Information Warfare Community (IWC) officer to achieve the rank of vice admiral.In January 2014, the Obama Administration announced Rogers  nomination as director of the National Security Agency and the commander of the US offensive cyberoperations unit in the Department of Defense. Rogers succeeded General Keith B. Alexander, who served as the NSA director for nine years, and became the first IWC officer to achieve the rank of admiral. Although the NSA directorship does not require Senate approval, Rogers had to be confirmed by the Senate to head United States Cyber Command,[11] for which the Senate unanimously confirmed him.In his first public remarks as NSA director, Rogers stated that he believed that NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden was  probably not  working for a foreign intelligence agency, despite frequent speculation and assertion by the NSA s allies to the contrary. Rogers added:  He clearly believes in what he s doing. I question that; I don t agree with it. I fundamentally disagree with what he did. I believe it was wrong; I believe it was illegal. The Washington Post reported on 19 November 2016 that Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Director of National Intelligence (DNI) James R. Clapper Jr. had recommended to President Obama that Rogers be terminated as director of the National Security Agency. Carter reportedly recommended he be terminated due to poor performance, whereas Clapper considered it wise that the position be held by a civilian. Both Clapper and Carter had put Rogers on notice for poor performance in internal security and for a poor leadership style. His termination was reportedly delayed due to stalled changes to the bureaucratic structure of the intelligence community. Later, Rogers reportedly met with then President-elect Donald Trump without notifying his supervisors in what is an unprecedented action for a military officer. Trump was reportedly considering replacing Clapper with Rogers as DNI, however that position went to former Senator Dan Coats, with Rogers remaining NSA director.",0
10677,GRANDSTANDING DEM SENATOR SCOLDED By Intel Chair for Interrupting Deputy AG Rosenstein [Video],"Sen. Richard Burr (R., NC.), chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, scolded Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) for not allowing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to answer her questions during a committee hearing on Wednesday. Harris repeatedly interrupted the Deputy AG Rude, Rude, Rude!Harris was asking Rosenstein about the authority of former FBI Director Robert Mueller in his current role as special counsel to investigate interference by Russia in the 2016 presidential election. Rosenstein started to answer the question several times before Harris cut him off over and over leading Burr to intervene: Will the senator suspend. The chair is going to exercise it s right to allow the witnesses to answer the question. And the committee is on notice to provide the witnesses the courtesy, which has not been extended all the way across, extend the courtesy for questions to get answered. Political demagogue Harris then blurted out that Rosenstein is known for  joking  about his ability to  filibuster .Prior to Burr s comments, Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.) asked the chairman to intervene after Harris repeatedly interrupted Rosenstein as he started to answer her questions.We reported on Ms. Harris yesterday she s rude, rude, rude! ",0
10678,BOOM! NSA DIRECTOR ROGERS Drops The Line That Should Shut Down Trump Witch Hunt for Good [Video],"The Senate Intel Committee is holding an open hearing on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act today and the intel directors are saying there is nothing to the claim that Trump asked anyone to shut down an investigation: NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers says he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal, immoral or inappropriate. NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers say he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal, immoral or inappropriate.  pic.twitter.com/hIuLdo2G6M  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017He dropped the line that should shut down the Trump witch hunt for good but you know it won t. The press is already spinning this one. Senator Marco Rubio even doubled down and asked a similar question (Video below)Rubio: Has anyone asked you to issue a statement you knew to be false?NSA Dir.: I standby my statement. Natl Intel Dir.: I do likewise.Rubio: Has anyone asked you to issue a statement you knew to be false? NSA Dir.: I standby my statement. Natl Intel Dir.: I do likewise. pic.twitter.com/6qb133nyhu  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017 We have never, not once, found an intentional violation of this program.    Natl Intel Director Coats about compliance track record We have never, not once, found an intentional violation of this program.    Natl Intel Director Coats about compliance track record pic.twitter.com/sT68H1yqHA  Fox News (@FoxNews) June 7, 2017It s not like Mike Rogers is untrustworthy. The guy has an incredible resume on Wiki:Michael S. Rogers (born October 31, 1959) is a United States Navy admiral who serves as Director of the National Security Agency (NSA), Commander of the U.S. Cyber Command (USCYBERCOM) and Chief of the Central Security Service (CSS) since April 3, 2014. Prior to that, Rogers served as the Commander of the Tenth Fleet and Commander of the U.S. Fleet Cyber Command.Rogers is a native of Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from New Trier High School in 1977. He is a graduate of Auburn University (1981) and the Naval War College.Rogers received his commission through the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps (NROTC) program and has served in the United States Navy since graduating from Auburn University in 1981. He started his career as a Surface Warfare Officer working in naval gunfire support operations off Grenada, Beirut, and maritime surveillance operations off El Salvador. In 1986, he was selected for transfer from Unrestricted Line Officer to Restricted Line Officer and re-designation as a cryptology officer.During the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, Rogers joined the military s Joint Staff, which works for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, where he specialized in computer network attacks. From 2007 onward he served as director of intelligence for the military s Pacific Command. In 2009, he became director of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and was subsequently named commander of U.S. Fleet Cyber Command and commander of the U.S. 10th Fleet, with responsibility for all of the Navy s cyberwarfare efforts. As such, Rogers was the first restricted line officer to serve as a numbered fleet commander and the first Information Warfare Community (IWC) officer to achieve the rank of vice admiral.In January 2014, the Obama Administration announced Rogers  nomination as director of the National Security Agency and the commander of the US offensive cyberoperations unit in the Department of Defense. Rogers succeeded General Keith B. Alexander, who served as the NSA director for nine years, and became the first IWC officer to achieve the rank of admiral. Although the NSA directorship does not require Senate approval, Rogers had to be confirmed by the Senate to head United States Cyber Command,[11] for which the Senate unanimously confirmed him.In his first public remarks as NSA director, Rogers stated that he believed that NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden was  probably not  working for a foreign intelligence agency, despite frequent speculation and assertion by the NSA s allies to the contrary. Rogers added:  He clearly believes in what he s doing. I question that; I don t agree with it. I fundamentally disagree with what he did. I believe it was wrong; I believe it was illegal. The Washington Post reported on 19 November 2016 that Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Director of National Intelligence (DNI) James R. Clapper Jr. had recommended to President Obama that Rogers be terminated as director of the National Security Agency. Carter reportedly recommended he be terminated due to poor performance, whereas Clapper considered it wise that the position be held by a civilian. Both Clapper and Carter had put Rogers on notice for poor performance in internal security and for a poor leadership style. His termination was reportedly delayed due to stalled changes to the bureaucratic structure of the intelligence community. Later, Rogers reportedly met with then President-elect Donald Trump without notifying his supervisors in what is an unprecedented action for a military officer. Trump was reportedly considering replacing Clapper with Rogers as DNI, however that position went to former Senator Dan Coats, with Rogers remaining NSA director.",0
10679,“PRESIDENT TRUMP” IS STABBED TO DEATH In Central Park Production Of “Julius Caesar”…Where’s The Outrage?,"Take a look at @PublicTheaterNY's first Shakespeare in the Park production of 2017, a Trump-inspired Julius Caesar https://t.co/iTPiJMSSaq pic.twitter.com/t5VfDfZVRe  Playbill (@playbill) May 30, 2017In an interview with Mediaite, Laura Shaeffer   who saw a recent performance of the play, which opened May 23   said that the character of Julius Caesar in the Public Theater adaptation wears a business suit and has his hair styled in a manner similar to Trump s.Sheaffer added that the character of Calpurnia, Caesar s wife, speaks with a  Slavic accent  similar to that of First Lady Melania Trump.As happens at the end of the original play, the (Trump-inspired) Caesar is brutally stabbed to death by his associates in the Senate. Sheaffer said Caesar s death scene was particularly graphic, with blood  spewing everywhere,  and an American flag hanging overhead. To be honest I thought it was shocking and distasteful,  Shaeffer told Mediaite.  If this had happened to any other president   even as recently as Barack Obama or George W. Bush   it would not have flown. People would have been horrified. The Trump connection in the Oskar Eustis-directed production was not intended to be subtle, though the president is reportedly never referred to by name during the show.The actor playing Caesar, Gregg Henry (who also happened to play a caricature of Trump in Shonda Rhimes  ABC show Scandal), told Backstage in an interview last month that while the similarities between the Roman general and the current president don t always align exactly, there was still much to be gleaned from Trump s presidency and then injected into his portrayal of Caesar. The idea for me was to try and do some things that will represent and show you and I have great costumes and wigs that show you that this could be Trump,  Henry told Backstage. But I m also trying to bring in the larger knowledge of tyrants. It s sort of a  tyrant s  greatest hits  in [the way I play] the speeches and in the nature of the ego and belief that one man is more important, is above the law, is the law. Those tyrannical beliefs in terms of how to deal with power. For her part, Shaeffer told Mediaite that while she found the parallels between Trump and Caesar  fascinating,  the onstage murder of a character that so closely resembled Trump was a step  too far. I don t love President Trump, but he s the president. You can t assassinate him on a stage, she told the outlet.   BreitbartBy now, everyone knows how  comedian  Kathy Griffin expressed her opposition to our president, when she held his bloodied and decapitated head while making what turned out to be a career-ending video. So is this disgusting and violent behavior by the intolerant the left the new norm? Are Americans supposed to just accept this simply because the media refuses to report about it?",0
10680,TRUMP SUPPORTERS FIGHT BACK! CA Congresswoman Walks Off Stage After Trump Supporters Shout “We love Trump”…”Respect Our President” [VIDEO],"According to video filmed by one of the protesters, very few of Rep. Barrag n s constituents showed up for the meeting at a local school, and even fewer of her supporters. Meanwhile, dozens of Trump supporters filled the front rows.  BreitbartWhen the congresswoman decided to walk off the stage, she was followed out by Trump supporters who were peppering her with legitimate questions about her support for illegal aliens and climate change. She refused to answer the questions. Barrag n  even went as far as to move the meeting to another location where she could speak to only those who agree with her positions.It s time to take our country back and Americans can t rely on President Trump to do it all by himself ",0
10681,BREAKING: President Trump Makes FBI Pick One Day Before Comey Testimony [Video],"President Trump has nominated Christopher Wray to be the new director of the FBI. The president announced the pick in a tweet Wednesday:  I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. #BREAKING  @POTUS nominates Christopher Wray for @FBI Director. #AmericaFirst   #MAGA pic.twitter.com/7reLeV2ZE8  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) June 7, 2017This comes one month after President Trump fired James Comey:  While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the bureau,  Trump said in a letter to Comey.  It is essential that we find new leadership for the F.B.I. that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. You are hereby terminated and removed from office, effective immediately. Trump interviewed a slew of candidates for the position, including FBI director Andrew McCabe, former Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman, former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating, former FBI official Richard McFeely and John Pistole before settling on Wray.The interesting thing about the pick is that this was Trump s pick. This is also a brilliant move from the president to nominate a pick for FBI Director one day before Comey testifies.Christopher Wray was the lawyer for Chris Christie in the Bridgegate Investigation. The left will probably go bonkers over that fun fact.Here s a little more on Wray:Wray was nominated by President George W. Bush as assistant attorney general in charge of the Criminal Division, according to the U.S. Department of Justice website. He held that job until 2005.Christopher Wray is a graduate of Yale Law School. He led the Enron Task Force when he was with the Department of Justice.As head of the Criminal Division, Wray led investigations and prosecutions in securities fraud, health care fraud, money laundering, public corruption and several other areas of federal criminal law, according the the website of King & Spaulding, a Washington firm where he currently serves as a litigation partner.Via: Daily Caller",0
10682,"TV Reporter FIRED After Being Caught On Video Calling A Cop A “F***ing Piece Of S**t” In Disgusting, Vulgar Tirade [VIDEO]","A television reporter has been fired after she was caught on video unleashing a vicious, expletive-laden tirade against a Philadelphia police officer.Colleen Campbell, 28, was filmed calling a cop a  f***ing piece of s**t  and trying to spit on another man after she was kicked out of Philadelphia s Helium Comedy Club on Sunday night.Campbell, who had bragged in the video that she worked at a f***ing news station , was fired from her job at PHL17 soon after the footage emerged.Watch the disgusting exchange here:The 28-year-old worked mostly in news production, but occasionally went on air as a reporter.She was asked to leave the club after multiple warnings for disrupting a show featuring comedian Craig Robinson with her loud whispering. She allegedly then got into a fight with bar staff on the way out.The video of her outside the club, which has since gone viral, was shared on Facebook by New York City comic Wil Sylvince. You guys are f***ing dictators  You re f***ing c**k suckers,  Campbell was filmed telling the police officer outside. I did not do s**t, I stood there and laughed like the rest of the audience like I should. I did not disrupt anybody. The officer, who remained incredibly calm, told Campbell and another man she was with to walk away. Or what? Or what, mother f***er? Lick my a**hole,  Campbell told him.  How about that? F***ing piece of s**t. That s why nobody likes f***ing police  in this f***ing town. The cop proceeded to place Campbell in handcuffs after she appeared to spit in the face of a man standing outside the club. She bizarrely took off her shoe and told the man to smell it. What s that called? What s that called? Assault? Show me videotape,  Campbell said after she was handcuffed.  You can t. That s why everybody hates you guys! You can t prove it! You f***ing piece of s***s. For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
10683,"EXCLUDING WHITES IS NOT RACIST: Racist, Angry BLM Activist Tells Tucker Carlson It’s Okay To Have “Blacks Only” Celebrations [VIDEO]","After Black Lives Matter hosted a  blacks-only  Memorial Day party, Tucker Carlson asked a BLM supporter why such an event is acceptable.Carlson said the party promoted segregation   the exact thing BLM purports to oppose. I thought the whole point of Black Lives matter was to speak out against singling out people based on race?  Carlson asked political commentator Lisa Durden. Boo-hoo, you white people are angry because you couldn t use your  white privilege  card to get invited to the Black Lives Matter all-black Memorial Day celebration,  Durden said. Carlson asked again why BLM would exclude others based on their race while they protest against such actions.   FOX News",0
10684,FLORIDA MOTHER Allows Baby To Be Bitten By Snake…Then Laughs In Sick VIRAL VIDEO,"A Highlands County woman could be charged with a felony after investigators say she allowed a toddler to be bitten by a small snake as a lesson, then posted the video to Facebook.The sheriff s office released the video Tuesday.  They say it shows Chartelle St. Laurent presenting a Tupperware container to a 1-year-old girl, whom they did not name, at her Sebring home.  Inside the container is a 14-inch red rat snake, which strikes at the reaching girl.As the girl starts crying, a female voice in the background   identified by detectives as St. Laurent   starts to laugh.According to the charging affidavit, St. Laurent told deputies that she had grown up interacting with snakes and reptiles  of all sorts  with her father, and admitted that she allowed the girl to be bitten to teach her a lesson. As she has observed poisonous snakes, including coral snakes, at the property before, Chartelle St. Laurent elected to take the opportunity of finding the juvenile non-poisonous red rat snake to expose [the girl] to,  the report stated.St. Laurent claimed that she allowed herself to be bitten by the snake first in order to  ensure no injury would be caused  to the girl.  Indeed, the report noted that there were  no marks or injury  to the toddler.   FOX 13",0
10685,RUDE! KAMALA HARRIS Repeatedly Cuts Off Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly Over Sanctuary City Policy [Video],"RUDE, RUDE, RUDE! Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly was repeatedly cut off by Senator Kamala Harris (D., Calif.) during questioning about the administration s sanctuary city policy. Harris cut Kelly off to say the administration was forcing cities into choosing between complying with federal law or forfeiting DHS counterterrorism funds. Had you not cut me off, I would have said the same thing you just said. Probably not as eloquently, but I would have said the same thing you just said,  Kelly said.Later, Kelly said he told city officials that whatever they do within the law,  we re willing to work with them. So So are you aware that there s local law enforcement  Harris started. Could you at least let me finish once, before you interrupt me?  Kelly said. Sir, with all due respect,  Harris responded. With all due respect, senator,  Kelly said.Harris asked Kelly if the administration was advising local enforcement leaders that they could overlook government requests on detainment to avoid liability. We talk to them about whatever they re comfortable with, whatever they think they can do within interpretation of their local attorneys general, as an example, or local lawyers  Kelly said.Harris interrupted again, and Kelly became irritated. So when they re instructed  Harris started. Could you let me finish once, senator?  Kelly asked angrily. Excuse me. I m asking the questions,  Harris said. But I m trying to answer the question,  Kelly said.Things got touchy enough that the next time Kelly got a question, he asked Harris to assure him he would be allowed to finish his response. If it s responsive to the question, of course,  Harris said.Read more: WFB",0
10686,WOW! LONDON MAYOR Hammered By Piers Morgan: “Where are the 400 terrorists?” [Video],"This is awesome! London Mayor Sadiq Khan was drilled by Piers Morgan on why Khan isn t keeping tabs on the 400 plus known ISIS radicals living in London: WHERE ARE THEY? WHERE ARE THEY?How are we letting trained jihadis back into the UK without knowing where they are? Sadiq Khan grilled by Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan pic.twitter.com/G7yGWE5mkV  The Telegraph (@Telegraph) June 6, 2017Morgan:  Where are the 400 jihadis still in London? You re the mayor! WHERE ARE THEY? Mayor Khan: I can t cover 400 peopleMorgan: Why not? Why can t you instruct the police, why can t you say everyone of those people who ve come back from a war zone, I want them followed?Mayor Khan: They have to prioritizeMorgan: What could be a bigger priority than people coming back from a Syrian battlefield with the intent to harm British citizens? Why s it not the number one priority? Why are these people allowed to just come back in in the first place and then the London mayor does not have a clue to where any of them are?OUR LATEST REPORT ON THE MAYOR OF LONDON: London s Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan, called on the British government today to cancel their visit with President Donald Trump. Speaking to Channel 4 news, Khan felt Trump s out-of-context criticisms and continued attacks on Twitter meant that the U.K. should not  roll out the red carpet  for the president as  his policies go against everything we stand for. He added:  When you have a special relationship it is no different from when you have got a close mate. You stand with them in times of adversity but you call them out when they are wrong. There are many things about which Donald Trump is wrong.   Hollywood ReporterShouldn t London s government be more concerned with their current mayor s past than of President Trump s efforts to unify the world in the fight against extreme Islamic terrorism?In 2016, the now Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan was branded unfit to be London s Mayor after it emerged that he had described moderate Muslim groups as  Uncle Toms    a notorious racial slur used against black people to suggest that they are subservient to whites.The incendiary claim emerged in a 2009 interview with Iranian-backed Press TV, when Mr Khan was  minister for community cohesion , in charge of Government efforts to stamp out extremism.The revelation is a major blow for Mr Khan, who has faced a string of claims about his past dealings with Muslim extremists during the bitter campaign to succeed Boris Johnson.  Daily MailWatch the 2009 video here:That s not the only video that should make every London citizen be concerned about their Mayor s radical views. A 2002 video has emerged showing Sadiq Kahn defending convicted Islamic terrorists who attempted to revive the Islamic Liberation Party in Egypt.The video, via Josh Caplan of Vessel News, shows Khan defending terrorists. At the beginning of the video, Muslims in the street shout  Allahu Akbar!   GPRare clip from '02 shows then lawyer Sadiq Khan defending convicted terrorists who attempted to revive the Islamic Liberation Party in Egypt pic.twitter.com/gMS9NIYxMQ  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017",0
10687,IT’S A MIRACLE! Food Stamp Use Went Down 85% After This Change In Requirements,"Food Stamp use has miraculously gone down in several states! It s a miracle! In 13 Alabama counties, food stamp use went down a whopping 85%!When Obama took out the welfare-to-work requirement, the use of food stamps skyrocketed to nearly 45 million Americans! That s 1 in every 7 US citizens using food stamps! Now that the Trump administration has vowed to reduce the use, it s interesting to see that people jump off of assistance when the work requirement is put back in.Georgia and Alabama have seen a sharp decrease in food stamp use with the work requirement back in:Georgia:More than half of the 11,779 people enrolled for food stamps in 21 counties, an estimated 7,251 people, have dropped out of the food stamp program a drop of 62 percent, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.Georgia first rolled out its work requirements for the food stamp program in three counties in January 2016. Since then, the state has expanded work requirements in an additional 21 counties, giving people in those 21 counties until April 1, 2017 to find a job or lose food stamp benefits. Via: BNALABAMA:Thirteen previously exempted Alabama counties saw an 85 percent drop in food stamp participation after work requirements were put in place on Jan. 1, according to the Alabama Department of Human Resources.The counties   Greene, Hale, Perry, Dallas, Lowndes, Wilcox, Monroe, Conecuh, Clarke, Washington, Choctaw, Sumter and Barbour   had been exempt from a change that limited able-bodied adults without dependents to three months of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits within a three-year time frame unless they were working or participating in an approved training program.During the economic downturn of 2011-2013, several states   including Alabama   waived the SNAP work requirements in response to high unemployment. It was reinstituted for 54 counties on Jan. 1, 2016 and for the remaining 13 on Jan. 1, 2017. As of April 2017, the highest jobless rate among the 13 previously excluded counties was in Wilcox County, which reported a state-high unemployment rate of 11.7 percent, down more than 11 percentage points from the county s jobless rate for the same month of 2011.Ending the exemption has dramatically cut the number of SNAP recipients in the counties.As of Jan. 1, 2017, there were 13,663 able-bodied adults without dependents receiving food stamps statewide. That number dropped to 7,483 by May 1, 2017. Among the 13 counties, there were 5,538 adults ages 18-50 without dependents receiving food stamps as of Jan. 1, 2017. That number dropped to 831   a decline of about 85 percent   by May 1, 2017. Based on the trend, the number of (able-bodied adults without dependents) recipients for SNAP benefits is expected to continue to decline statewide and in the formerly 13 exempted counties,  according to Alabama DHR spokesperson John Hardy.Statewide, the number of able-bodied adults receiving food stamps has fallen by almost 35,000 people since Jan. 1, 2016. Each recipient receives about $126 a month in benefits.Nationwide, there are about 44 million people receiving SNAP benefits at a cost of about $71 billion. The Trump administration has vowed to cut the food stamp rolls over the next decade, including ensuring that able-bodied adults recipients are working.Via: al.com",0
10688,BUSTED! UNCOVERED 2009 VIDEO Shows London’s Muslim Mayor Calling Moderate Muslims “Uncle Toms”…2002 Video Shows Him Defending Convicted Terrorists,"London s Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan, called on the British government today to cancel their visit with President Donald Trump. Speaking to Channel 4 news, Khan felt Trump s out-of-context criticisms and continued attacks on Twitter meant that the U.K. should not  roll out the red carpet  for the president as  his policies go against everything we stand for. He added:  When you have a special relationship it is no different from when you have got a close mate. You stand with them in times of adversity but you call them out when they are wrong. There are many things about which Donald Trump is wrong.   Hollywood ReporterShouldn t London s government be more concerned with their current mayor s past than of President Trump s efforts to unify the world in the fight against extreme Islamic terrorism?In 2016, the now Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan was branded unfit to be London s Mayor after it emerged that he had described moderate Muslim groups as  Uncle Toms    a notorious racial slur used against black people to suggest that they are subservient to whites.The incendiary claim emerged in a 2009 interview with Iranian-backed Press TV, when Mr Khan was  minister for community cohesion , in charge of Government efforts to stamp out extremism.The revelation is a major blow for Mr Khan, who has faced a string of claims about his past dealings with Muslim extremists during the bitter campaign to succeed Boris Johnson.  Daily MailWatch the 2009 video here:That s not the only video that should make every London citizen be concerned about their Mayor s radical views. A 2002 video has emerged showing Sadiq Kahn defending convicted Islamic terrorists who attempted to revive the Islamic Liberation Party in Egypt.The video, via Josh Caplan of Vessel News, shows Khan defending terrorists. At the beginning of the video, Muslims in the street shout  Allahu Akbar!   GPRare clip from '02 shows then lawyer Sadiq Khan defending convicted terrorists who attempted to revive the Islamic Liberation Party in Egypt pic.twitter.com/gMS9NIYxMQ  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017",0
10689,CHURCHGOERS TRAPPED INSIDE CATHEDRAL After Man Hits Police Officer Guarding Church In Head With Hammer…Authorities Calling It Act Of Terror [VIDEO],"France s armed police officers were at least prepared to handle the terror attack after shooting the terrorist, thereby preventing any further acts of terror by what police believe to be a lone wolf incident. Many questioned the how the UK can effectively deal with terrorism when their law enforcement officers are unarmed, like in the most recent attack in London where unarmed police officers were seen running away from the scene of the crime, and citizens were forced to use chairs to protect themselves from terrorists with knives A man with a hammer bashed a police officer in the head outside Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris Tuesday, in an attack that investigators called an act of terror.The wounded officer fired twice at the hammer-wielding man in the square in front of the cathedral, French police told Fox News. The attacker was hospitalized; the specific conditions of both men were unclear.UPDATE:French Minister G rard Collomb: Notre Dame cathedral attacker said  This is for Syria.  pic.twitter.com/cDeOD3csEK  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017 Police can be seen here rushing to terror scene:Police rush to Paris s Notre-Dame cathedral following reports man attempted to attack officer with a hammer. pic.twitter.com/VHJdRRMpdG  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017Visitors to the famous Notre Dame Cathedral are trapped inside until police can clear the scene:Photo of visitors locked inside Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris following reports man attempted to attack officer with a hammer. pic.twitter.com/3GNPK2sN6k  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017Police asking everyone to raise their hands in the church pic.twitter.com/y5KkyWqdWK  Matthew CurrieHolmes (@mch2k) June 6, 2017The French interior minister said the suspect had been threatening several policemen and passersby at the time.Paris has been under high security after a string of Islamic extremist attacks in recent years. Security Message: ongoing security incident at Notre Dame Cathedral   U.S. citizens should avoid the area & follow advice of authorities  U.S. Embassy France (@USEmbassyFrance) June 6, 2017The French U.S. embassy alerted American citizens to  avoid the area and follow advice of authorities  following the incident.On social media, people reported that they were  trapped  in the cathedral for an incident outside. One person in the cathedral said officers instructed them to  raise their hands.  Later in the day, they said officers were starting to let them out.  FOX News",0
10690,"62-YR OLD German Woman ARRESTED, Home RAIDED, Hit With HUGE Fine For Posting Anti-Immigrant Joke On Facebook","This unbelievable story of unbridled censorship by the left is not unique to Germany. It s spreading like wildfire across Europe. Americans need to stand up to the politically correct bullies on the left and fight for our right to free speech, before it s too late An elderly German woman was fined 1,350 euros for sharing and liking an anti-migrant joke on Facebook.According to Berliner Morgenpost, the 62-year old woman , who lives in Berlin, has been identified as Jutta B. has watched her life being turned upside-down after posting a meme with a question and answer that was posed in a meme on Facebook:The German publication s article starts out by warning German citizens:She had her home raided and was arrested by police for the  crime  of sharing an image on Facebook captioned  Do you have anything against refugees? The image, which was deemed offensive by the court, included answers such as  Yes, machine guns and hand grenades  and was shared by more than 500 people. One person who also shared the picture reported the elderly woman to the police.German newspaper reported that the woman was fined 1,350 euros because the image included negative comments about the so-called refugees.Jutta B. responded to her arrest, fine and death threats by saying:Following her arrest and the fine, the social media network suspended the woman s account. In court, Jutta said she shared and liked the image without properly reading it.  I like to pass on funny things,  she said.The prosecution didn t accept the woman s defense and described her online behavior as  an utterance capable of inciting hatred and denigration of the human dignity of others.   Heat StThe German publication, Berliner Morganpost suggested that Jutta B. was not yet out of the woods and that searches on her social media proved that it appeared that the defendant was guilty of  right though  (thinking thoughts outside of the prescribed leftist mandate for Germans). They even went as far as to accuse her of the heinous crime of posting an image of Germany s own Hitler!Following the fine, the woman received a number of abusive messages from others on Facebook. A left-wing  anti-fascist  group, Anti-Fascist Action, has reportedly sent death threats to the woman.",0
10691,"“DRIVE THEM OUT OF YOUR PLACES OF WORSHIP!” London Imams Take President Trump’s Advice, REFUSE To Perform Funeral Rights For Islamic Terrorists [VIDEO]","President Trump gave a powerful speech to Arab leaders at the opening of the new Global Centre for Combatting Extremist Ideology in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on May 21, 2017. In his historic speech, President Trump warned Islamic extremists:  If you choose terror, your life will be brief and your life will be empty.  Trump went on to tell the Arab leaders and the entire world, We are not here to lecture and tell you how to live. We are here to work together to meet one goal and meet history s great test to conquer extremism. Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear, safe from violence and innocent of hatred. Young Muslims should be able to build prosperity for themselves. This will be the beginning of the end for those who fight terror. This special gathering will one day be remembered as the start of peace in the Middle East and potentially all over the world. Watch the clip of President Trump telling Arab leaders in Riyadh and around the world to  drive out terrorism  from their nations and from their places of worship:It appears that the Imams in London were listening after East London Mosque and London Muslim Centre Chairman Muhammad Habibur-Rahman boldly announced to Muslims everywhere that if they commit acts of terror against innocent people, they will not receive funeral rights in London mosques.British police on Tuesday named the final member of the terror trio that murdered seven people on Saturday in a knife and van attack before police shot the jihadis dead   and the news comes as more than 130 Muslim religious leaders were refusing to say funeral prayers for any members of the ISIS cell.The decision by the Muslim leaders was seen as an  unprecedented  move because the funeral ritual is typically performed on a deceased Muslim no matter the person s past actions. The group of religious leaders have urged others to join them in declining to pray for the dead killers. We, as Muslim imams and religious leaders, condemn the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London in the strongest terms possible,  the Muslim leaders said in a statement.  Coming from a range of backgrounds, and from across the U.K.; feeling the pain the rest of the nation feels, we have come together to express our shock and utter disgust at these cold-blooded murders. We are deeply hurt that a spate of terror attacks have been committed in our country once more by murderers who seek to gain religious legitimacy for their actions. We seek to clarify that their reprehensible actions have neither legitimacy nor our sympathy. East London Mosque and London Muslim Centre Chairman Muhammad Habibur-Rahman said the decision was made because  those who perpetrate terrorism: you are against the very core teaching of Islam and of our Prophet Muhammad. Your misguidance will lead you to destruction, and God willing you will utterly fail in your evil aims,  he said in a statement.The decision underscores a warning President Trump issued to the Islamic world last month. Speaking in Riyadh before the leaders of 50 Muslim majority countries, Trump told warned terrorists that taking innocent lives would not lead to eternal paradise. If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be fully condemned,  Trump said.U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also applauded the move. He said he was encouraged by the imams and said that the decision means  they re condemning their souls  since the funeral prayer asks for forgiveness of the dead. And that is what has to be done,  he said.Youssef Zaghba, a Moroccan-born Italian man, was identified Tuesday morning as the final member of the trio that descended upon the London Bridge on Saturday.Mak Chishty, the Metropolitan police commander of engagement, said, according to The Guardian, that it is time for Muslims to  counter the scourge of terrorism, extremism and hatred that we have in our communities at present. Chishty, the highest-ranking officer in the department of Muslim faith, said,  It is the Islamic duty of every Muslim to be loyal to the country in which they live. We are now asking questions to understand how extremism and hatred has taken hold within some elements of our own communities.   FOX News ",0
10692,DONALD TRUMP JR Slams Kathy Griffin for Playing the Victim [Video],"Donald Trump Jr slammed Kathy Griffin for playing the victim after the huge backlash to her  beheading Trump  photo. saying she deserves whatever she gets. To run and claim victimhood, she deserves everything that s coming to her,  Donald Trump, Jr., said Tuesday on ABC s  Good Morning America. Griffin initially apologized for posing with the disturbing image, and CNN dropped her from her annual New Year s Eve special alongside Anderson Cooper.However, she reversed course with a Friday press conference alongside civil rights attorney Lisa Bloom, where she tearfully said the Trump family was bullying her and  broke  her. Griffin s erratic demeanor was widely panned; USA Today said it was a  D-list  showing, and Salon called it  mad  and  looping. ",0
10693,MSNBC’S LAWRENCE O’DONNELL: This Could Be the Day Trump ‘Destroyed His Presidency’ [Video],"MSNBC s Lawrence O Donnell was really reaching today when he claimed President Trump s announcement Monday that he won t assert executive privilege and thus allow former FBI Director James Comey s upcoming congressional testimony could be the decision that  destroyed his presidency. Wishful thinking on O Donnell s part As much as they media would like it to be damaging for Comey to testify, Trump wins either way White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders read out a statement to that effect on Monday, and O Donnell teased the clip as potentially  the beginning of the end. The video you re about to see might be the video that we re showing you years from now when we re pinpointing the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency,  O Donnell said. The president s power to assert executive privilege is very well established,  Sanders said.  However, in order to facilitate a swift and thorough examination of the facts sought by the Senate Intelligence Committee, President Trump will not assert executive privilege regarding James Comey s scheduled testimony. Comey, who Trump fired last month, will testify on Thursday in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He is expected to discuss his conversations with Trump, which included the president reportedly asking him to  let go  of the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.O Donnell said Trump was  politically unwise enough  to fire Comey but  not bold enough to tell that FBI Director to shut up. Via: WFB",0
10694,BUSTED! Anti-Trump Contractor Arrested for Leaking Classified Info to the Media [Video],"The traitor just arrested is a piece of work. She s a Georgia contractor who is pro-Bernie, anti-capitalist, anti-Trump You get the picture. She obviously has an agenda and wants desperately to leak info to the media of A RUSSIAN HACK ATTEMPT. We just can t figure out how this report that proves no interference in the 2016 election was such a big deal to her: No evidence that any votes were affected by the hack.    NSA ReportHere s what we know about the woman who will be spending 15-20 years in prison for leaking:The Justice Department announced charges Monday against a federal contractor with Top Secret security clearance, after she allegedly leaked classified information to an online media outlet.Reality Leigh Winner, 25, a contractor with Pluribus International Corporation in Georgia, is accused of  removing classified material from a government facility and mailing it to a news outlet,  according to a federal complaint.REALITY WINNER S FACEBOOK PAGEThe document Winner allegedly leaked is the same one used as the basis for the article published Monday by The Intercept, detailing a classified National Security Agency memo. The NSA report, dated May 5, provides details of a 2016 Russian military intelligence cyberattack on a US voting software supplier, though there is no evidence that any votes were affected by the hack.A US official confirmed to CNN that The Intercept s document is a genuine, classified NSA document.US intelligence officials tell CNN that the information has not changed the January 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment, which found:  Russian intelligence obtained and maintained access to elements of multiple US state or local electoral boards. DHS assesses that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying. Prosecutors say when confronted with the allegations, Winner admitted to intentionally leaking the classified document   and she was arrested June 3 in Augusta, Georgia.An internal audit revealed Winner was one of six people who printed the document, but the only one who had email contact with the news outlet, according to the complaint. It further states that the intelligence agency was subsequently contacted by the news outlet on May 30 regarding an upcoming story, saying it was in possession of what appeared to be a classified document.The Facebook page of Reality Winner is full of her exercising. Here s just one of her doing Lord knows what at the Atlanta Airport:Read more: Daily Caller ",0
10695,WOW! RATINGS ARE IN For Anti-Trumper MEGYN KELLY’S Debut Show On NBC…And They’re Pretty Bad!,"Here is the interview that made Kelly so unpopular with FOX News fans, that actually led to them boycotting her:According to Variety, Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly drew 6.1 million viewers in its 7 p.m. time slot, behind 60 Minutes  6.6 million viewers. Both news programs lost handily to ABC s broadcast of the NBA Finals Game 2 matchup between the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors, which drew an average of around 15.5 million viewers.Overall, NBC finished third on the night in total viewers with an average of 4.7 million, but second in the demo, with an average 1.0 rating.Kelly   the former Fox News star who departed for NBC in January   promoted a high-profile interview with Russian president Vladimir Putin to help kick off her Sunday night show.Critical reception to the interview was mixed, though the exchange between Kelly and Putin could be fairly described as contentious; when Kelly asked whether Putin might have compromising information on U.S. President Donald Trump, the Russian president asked:  Have you all lost your senses over there?   Breitbart Here is the full Kelly interview with Vladmir Putin: ",0
10696,MSNBC HACK Asks If President Trump Is “Trying To Provoke a Domestic Terrorist Attack”? [VIDEO],"MSNBC host Thomas Roberts on Sunday was speculating whether President Donald Trump was trying to cause a terrorist attack on American soil to score political points.Roberts took offense to some of Trump s tweets sent in the wake of Saturday s London terrorist attack, especially those calling for a reinstatement of his travel ban and an end to political correctness. One of his other tweets from five hours ago was,  We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security of our people. If we don t get smart, it will only get worse,'  Roberts read off to his guest, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed.We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017 The president doesn t want us to be politically correct, right? So let s not PC about this. Is the president trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack with this Twitter rant, because only to prove himself right?  he continued.  WFBWatch:",0
10697,"OOPS…MAINSTREAM MEDIA Won’t Show You This Video…London Citizens Yell: “DONALD TRUMP, WE LOVE YOU!”","London s Muslim Mayor has been pretending that ISLAM has nothing to do with the terror attacks that have gripped innocent citizens in the city of London the city that he was elected to represent. He wasn t elected to sugar-coat the obvious problem London has with Muslim extremism. He was hired to represent all citizens of London of every race and faith. So far, he has failed to make citizens of London feel any safer under his watch. In fact, his trashing of President Trump over his desire to take the appropriate measures to ensure the safety of American citizens is clearly not resonating with his constituents.Here s an example of a tweet where Mayor Sadiq Khan attempted to trash President Trump on May 10, 2017:  Following the second brutal attack during the month of Ramadan, London s Muslim Mayor talked about how angry he was that the  cowardly terrorists  attacked London citizens. Not once during his interview did Mayor Sadiq Khan mention the fact that the attackers screamed  Allah Akbar  and that they are MUSLIMS.WATCH:Here s how President Trump responded to the London Islamic terror attack:.A message to #WeThePeople from @POTUS #PresidentTrump #MAGA #mondaymotivation pic.twitter.com/LuORn0Ov6C   Jojoh888  (@jojoh888) June 5, 2017It shouldn t surprise anyone that Londoners are wishing they had a strong leader like President Trump, who s willing to stand up and say things that may be unpopular with the politically correct left, but nevertheless, need to be said.  President Trump has never been afraid to identify and speak out against the ISLAMIC extremist terrorists and has openly admitted that he is committed to doing whatever is necessary to keep our homeland safe.Watch Londoners yell,  We love you, Donald Trump! :Sadiq Khan is an EMBARRASSMENT  Londoners chant #Trump's name instead of hispic.twitter.com/flBWoTEKGN@realDonaldTrump #MAGA #LondonBridge  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) June 5, 2017",0
10698,TRUMP AIDE GORKA Calls Out Chris Cuomo for “Classic Fake News” [Video],"Chris Cuomo tries to argue with the brilliant Sebastian Gorka This is epic!The discussion began on the travel ban and devolved into CNN s rating and fake news Cuomo begins:  I explain it by you wanting to go with the original model to make it easier to pass because you were mimicking what  Obama did, and therefore masking your true intention was to not make it about travel, make it about Muslims. And as you well know, not just in your own rhetoric but the president s, he has said time and again that he thinks there s a problem with Islam and that he thinks that the Muslims may have a problem with us. As you know, with what we re seeing in the U.K. right now, attachment to the community of Muslims is so important, and the concern is that a move like this, trumpeted by the president in the midst of crisis in the U.K., sends an ugly message to our Muslim community here in the United States. Gorka responded with this awesome comment:  Well, unfortunately, what you ve just spun is classic fake news, Haha! The argument soon turned to one about CNN s ratings:GORKA: That s why your viewing figures are in the tank. CUOMO: No, actually we re up over 100 percent year over year. But don t let the facts get in your way. You re good at avoiding them. GORKA: Unless you re being mandatory in every airport in America, you re in the tank, Chris. CUOMO: We re up 100 percent year over year, Sebastian. What you said is foolishly wrong it s not just abusive of fact, but its silly with its own logic. CNN has benefited so greatly from the current dialogue and the demand for fact and testing power, that it is demonstrable by any metric you want to use. But I don t care about that. Let s put that to the side. GORKA: Chris, you re just comedy now. It s just comedy. CUOMO: You may think it s comedy, but I want to address things that really matter. GORKA: Getting two viewers instead of one is a 100 percent increase, Chris. You know that, right? CUOMO: Excuse me? GORKA: Getting two viewers instead of one is a 100 percent increase as well. CUOMO: That s not the numbers. Those aren t the numbers involved. But again, that s not the point. GORKA: Chris you re playing games. You re playing games. CUOMO: Good try. Good try. I give you points for that, Sebastian. Next time I see you, the meal is on me. GORKA: Good spin, Chris. CUOMO: But this isn t about CNN s success, because that s obvious. GORKA: No, it s about relevance.Gorka is awesome!",0
10699,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S REMARKS at Ford’s Theatre Gala Include Warning to Terrorists: “This bloodshed MUST end. This bloodshed WILL end” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP and FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP attended the Ford s Theatre Gala tonight. President Trump vowed to protect America from terror:  We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long. This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end.As president I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores, and work every single day to protect the safety and security of our country, our communities and our people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ-rRMcXvyc The United States will do everything in its power to being those that are guilty to justice. President Trump spoke of Abraham Lincoln and Ford s Theatre with heartfelt fondness.Ford s Theatre is administered and maintained by the National Park Service as a historic landmark, but it is also a working theater operated by the Ford s Theatre Society. The gala is a fundraising event for the FTS, whose purpose is to secure private financing for much of the theater s programming. It dates back to the Carter Administration.Traditionally, the President has hosted a pre-gala reception at the White House. However, the Obamas chose not to attend in 2015 or 2016, citing the death of Beau Biden and  scheduling conflicts  as reasons. This led to a complete cancellation of last year s gala.",0
10700,“CHICKEN LITTLE” AL GORE Uses Fear and the Bible to Push his Climate Agenda [Video],"Former VP Al Gore told ABC s George Stephanopoulos  weather reports are like the Book of Revelation from the Bible. Can you believe this grifter? You wonder if he really believes his lies!Stephanopoulos asked Gore about President Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. He asked if it was significant, considering that former President George W. Bush did the same thing with the Kyoto treaty on climate change in 2001.Al Gore:  We lost a lot of time when the U.S. did not join the rest of the world community then, and while it is true that we have this sustainability revolution under way, and it s very exciting. It has the magnitude of the industrial revolution, but the speed of the digital revolution. We re still not changing fast enough. It s not just the scientific community warning us now. It s Mother Nature. Every night on the TV news is like a nature hike through the Book of Revelation 70 percent of Florida is in drought right now. Missouri just declared an emergency with another one of these historic climate-related downpours. Gore had the nerve to comment on President Trump s leadership:  We need presidential leadership. Since he s not going to lead, the American people are stepping up. The fact is that Al Gore is a grifter who has made millions off of the global warming scam! He s the ultimate grifter. He needs to crawl back into his hole.Via: WFB",0
10701,WATCH SHOCKING DISPLAY of Muslim Intimidation in Front of Trump Tower [Video],"This is in-your-face taunting of our president and it s creepy. You have a radical Hamas-loving Muslim woman leading the prayer of a group of Muslims who take over the street in front of Trump Tower. Is this any way to endear yourself to people? How about making an actual effort at stopping the terrorism? That would be a great move!#45 will respect #OurNY! He gives us intolerance, we give him inclusivity & community #iftarinthestreets @nysiaf @MPower_Change pic.twitter.com/A1kgZVglFB  Carlene Pinto (@CarleneNYC) June 2, 2017Sharia Law loving Linda Sarsour:Beautiful crowd gathering as Muslims prepare to observe #IftarInTheStreets. We are proud to be here with @MPower_Change & @NYSIAF pic.twitter.com/e4cRemUZNI  JFREJ (@JFREJNYC) June 2, 2017More Linda Sarsour and her lying self: We re showing this is what NYC looks like. @womensmarch organizer Linda Sarsour stands with Muslims in front of Trump Tower during Iftar: pic.twitter.com/SHeJ5KSwrA  Fusion (@Fusion) June 2, 2017It s not like this is the first time this has happened. It s just interesting that the Muslims decided to do it in front of Trump Tower. Here s our previous post on the Muslims taking over the street in NYC:It s absolutely stunning this is being allowed to happen in America We ve written about this before but the rules just don t apply to the Muslims in NYC. The cabbies blocked the streets and double parked when it was time for daily prayer until they all finally got tickets.. Now the Muslims totally take over the streets in a show of intimidation. This is one of the things that really ticks Americans off. Why can t we apply the rules equally? If you guessed political correctness, you would be correct. Mayor DeBlasio is king of every thing far left so I m sure this is just fine with him.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edc4NNggj-wRead more: Creeping Sharia",0
10702,WOW! NEW Batch Of Emails Show Hillary’s State Department Was “CORRUPTION CENTRAL” For Obama Regime…Reveals Favors Huma Did For Clinton Foundation Insiders,"A nonprofit legal watchdog claimed Thursday that newly unearthed documents show Hillary Clinton sent and received more classified information on her private server than previously known, and that the papers also show top aide Huma Abedin did favors for Clinton Foundation insiders.Judicial Watch released more than 2,000 pages of documents it obtained pursuant to a May 5, 2015 court order, after filing a lawsuit against the State Department for failing to comply with a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request.The new documents included 115 Clinton email exchanges that were not previously turned over by the State Department.According to Judicial watch, on Dec. 6, 2010, Clinton shared classified information with non-U.S. government employees Justin Cooper, an aide to former President Clinton, and Clinton Foundation Director Doug Band. The email allegedly shows Clinton instructing her aide to print the correspondence, which involved allegations of theft by Bangladeshi banker and Clinton Foundation donor Muhammad Yunus.Yunus was accused of embezzling $100 million from the Grameen Bank, which he founded.Judicial Watch s new emails appear to show multiple Abedin email exchanges from an unsecured server. They also appear to show that Clinton s then-scheduler, Lona Valmoro, forwarded Clinton s daily Secretary of State schedule to top Clinton Foundation officials, along with a  number of favors  that were requested.In a May 10, 2010 email between Abedin and Band, Abedin said she  hooked up  people from the Russian American Foundation with the  right people  at the State Department. The Russia-American Foundation was then staffed by Clinton political supporters, according to Judicial Watch.Additional documents allegedly show that Chelsea Clinton emails, an email sent by Clinton to Abedin saying she did not wish to fly on the same plane with former First Lady Michelle Obama to Betty Ford s funeral, and an email chain between Clinton staffers showing they drafted a  doctors statement  as to why Mrs. Clinton fainted due to  dehydration  causing her to hit her head and suffer a  concussion  in December 2012. Judicial Watch s email shows that the same group, including Cheryl Mills, Huma Abedin, Jake Sullivan and Philippe Reines, prepared a discharge statement when she was released from the hospital.   FOX News",0
10703,THIRD-RATE ACTOR Who Called His 11-Yr Old Daughter A “Rude Thoughtless Pig” Defends Liberal Pig “ISIS Kathy” Who Attacked Trump’s 11-Year Old Son,"Listen:After creating a video that included a vile, beheaded bloody head of President Donald Trump, the not-so-funny comedian Kathy Griffin has watched her career falling apart. In true liberal form, Griffin is blaming Donald Trump and his children for destroying her life, even though much of the outrage from the Trump children and his wife Melania was over Griffin s stated goal of wanting to  beat down  Trump s 11-year old son Barron.  Even CNN and CNN s Anderson Cooper, who once considered himself a friend of Griffins  have alienated themselves from the ISIS inspired comedian.  No worries though, the man who loves to impersonate Donald Trump on SNL, and who berated his own 11-year old daughter, actor Alec Baldwin has Kathy Griffin s back.The 59-year-old actor, who played President Donald Trump on last season of  Saturday Night Live, took to Twitter on Friday to defend Griffin amid the backlash over her controversial photo shoot. Kathy .baby I ve been there,  Baldwin wrote before referencing his own political drama in 1998, when he joked about then-Representative Henry Hyde on Late Night with Conan O Brien. The whole Henry Hyde thing w Conan, where we bring out an oxygen mask at the end? A joke,  he recalled.  That s what I thought. That s what we intended. No one walked out of the studio and said,  No, we re serious!  No one. But all your gutless, weasels in the GOP insisted I actually threatened Hyde. They played the victim beautifully.   FOX NewsSorry Alec but when you start making jokes about our current president being beheaded and actually create visuals to make your point that s when you cross the line from humor to inhumanity. Not that we care, but you re not doing your flailing career any favors by defending ISIS Kathy.",0
10704,"PROACTIVE PRESIDENT TRUMP Just Took Huge Step To Make America Safe…While Democrats Are Determined To Make Us More Like France, UK","1[1pro-]:  relating to, caused by, or being interference between previous learning and the recall or performance of later learning proactive inhibition of memory2[2pro- + reactive]:  acting in anticipation of future problems, needs, or changesLate in the day on Thursday, the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to let the revised travel ban take effect.The administration filed two emergency applications with the nine Court justices seeking to block two lower court rulings that blocked President Trump s executive order.In the filing, the Justice Department argued that the appeals court in Richmond, Va. made several mistakes in ruling against Trump s travel order.Sarah Isgur Flores, a Justice Department spokeswoman, said the ban is lawful.The Justice Department is  confident that President Trump s executive order is well within his lawful authority to keep the nation safe and protect our communities from terrorism,  Flores said.  The president is not required to admit people from countries that sponsor or shelter terrorism, until he determines that they can be properly vetted and do not pose a security risk to the United States. The order barred entry for people from six Muslim majority nations, including Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. implements stricter visa screenings.The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals called the national security concerns an after-the-fact justification for a policy that was  intended to bar Muslims from this country. Rights groups that have been fighting the policy in the courts said the justices should not allow the travel and refugee bans to take effect. Again and again, our nation s courts have found that President Trump s Muslim ban is unconstitutional. We will continue to defend our plaintiffs  right to live free from fear of discriminatory treatment by the federal government,  said Karen Tumlin, legal director of the National Immigration Law Center.  FOX News ",0
10705,FIRE THIS GUY! MUSLIM CNN HOST TWEETS Out Vile Response to President Trump’s Tweet After #LondonBridge Terror Attack,"REZA ASLAN is a CNN host who is a Muslim  religious scholar  who should be fired but probably won t be. He tweeted out a vile response to President Trump s tweet from the DRUDGE Report. He also called our President a  man baby  who should be ignored . What kind of jackwagon disrespects our President like this?Aslan first tweeted that he considers Trump a  man baby  who should be ignored. This is after our President scooped NBC when he retweeted the DRUDGE tweet that it was  feared  that another terror attack happened in London. NBC tweeted (see below) that they wouldn t retweet Trumps tweet. Ridiculous move by NBC that turned out to backfire on them.  The president is a man baby that must be ignored in times of crisis    CNN s  Religious Scholar  Reza Aslan  The next tweet from Aslan is the one getting the most press because of its hate and vulgar language:  This piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to America and a stain on the presidency. He s an embarrassment to humankind.    CNN s  Religious Scholar  Reza Aslan Does CNN condone this vile behavior from its hosts? We ll see if they do anything about this hateful man who is no journalist!More information on him reveals he s an Iranian-born CNN employee from his personal websiteREZA ASLAN is an internationally renowned writer, commentator, professor, producer, and scholar of religions. His books, including his #1 New York Times Bestseller, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth, have been translated into dozens of languages around the world. He is also a recipient of the prestigious James Joyce Award.In addition to his role as a Consulting Producer on the acclaimed HBO series The Leftovers, Aslan is also the host and Executive Producer of two other original television programs: Rough Draft with Reza Aslan (premiered on Ovation), and CNN s upcoming documentary series, Believer. He also served as an Executive Producer on the ABC drama, Of Kings and Prophets. His book Zealot has been optioned by Lionsgate and producer David Heyman with a script penned by Oscar nominated screenwriter, James Schamus.In 2006, Aslan co-founded BoomGen Studios the premiere entertainment brand for creative content from and about the Middle East which has provided an array of targeted services ranging from strategic messaging to grassroots marketing to publicity and social media outreach, to producers, studios, and filmmakers including Jon Stewart s Rosewater, Netflix s The Square, Disney s Aladdin on Broadway and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, The Weinstein Company s Miral, Discovery and TLC s All American Muslim, and National Geographic s Amreeka.Aslan s first book, International Bestseller No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam, has been translated into seventeen languages, and was named one of the 100 most important books of the last decade by Blackwell Publishers. He is also the author of Beyond Fundamentalism: Confronting Religious Extremism in a Globalized Age (originally titled How to Win a Cosmic War), as well as editor of two volumes: Tablet and Pen: Literary Landscapes from the Modern Middle East, and Muslims and Jews in America: Commonalties, Contentions, and Complexities.Aslan s degrees include a Bachelor of Arts in Religious Studies from Santa Clara University (Major focus: New Testament; Minor: Greek), a Master of Theological Studies from Harvard University (Major focus: History of Religions), a PhD in the Sociology of Religions from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and a Master of Fine Arts from the University of Iowa, where he was named the Truman Capote Fellow in Fiction. An Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, he is also a member of the Los Angeles Institute for the Humanities and the Pacific Council on International Policy. He serves on the board of directors of the Ploughshares Fund, which gives grants for peace and security issues; Narrative Four, which connects people through the exchange of stories; PEN USA, which champions the rights of writers under siege around the world; the Los Angeles Review of Books, and the Levantine Cultural Center, which builds bridges between Americans and the Arab/Muslim world through the arts.Aslan is a tenured Professor of Creative Writing at the University of California, Riverside and serves on the board of trustees for the Chicago Theological Seminary and The Yale Humanist Community, which supports atheists, agnostics, and humanists at home and abroad. A member of the American Academy of Religions, the Society of Biblical Literature, and the International Qur anic Studies Association, Aslan s previous academic positions include the Wallerstein Distinguished Professor of Religion, Community and Conflict at Drew University in New Jersey (2012-2013), and Visiting Assistant Professor of Religion at the University of Iowa (2000-2003).Born in Iran, he lives in Los Angeles with his wife, author and entrepreneur, Jessica Jackley, and their three sons. ",0
10706,PRESIDENT TRUMP Tweets Awesome Message to People of London…NBC REFUSES TO RETWEET," WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!    PRESIDENT TRUMPIn the aftermath of another terror attack in London, our President tweeted support and a statement regarding the travel ban. NBC refused to retweet a message President Trump had tweeted from the Drudge Report saying there are  fears  this could be terror:How is it that fearing it was terror is at all confirming it was terror? NBC tweeted this out:PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED OUT THIS AWESOME MESSAGE TO THE PEOPLE OF LONDON:  We Need the Travel Ban as an Extra Level of Safety    President TrumpThe Trump administration asked the Supreme Court late Thursday to let the revised travel ban take effect.The Supreme Court should rule on this request as early as this week.The administration filed two emergency applications with the nine Court justices seeking to block two lower court rulings that blocked President Trump s executive order.In the filing, the Justice Department argued that the appeals court in Richmond, Va. made several mistakes in ruling against Trump s travel order.Sarah Isgur Flores, a Justice Department spokeswoman, said the ban is lawful.The order barred entry for people from six Muslim majority nations, including Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days while the U.S. implements stricter visa screenings.The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals called the national security concerns an after-the-fact justification for a policy that was  intended to bar Muslims from this country. Via: FOX News",0
10707,"#LondonBridge MUSLIM Men CAUGHT Laughing, Celebrating, Yelling “Allah Akbar” While Watching Aftermath Of Terror Attack From Vehicle [VIDEO]","Just another day in the holy month of Ramadan London is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. A van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. We re posting details as they come in from the UK. Several people have been killed and the latest update is that 5 armed terrorists are on the run in London.Meanwhile, a video has been posted on social media showing what appears to be Muslim men who have just witnessed  the London Bridge terror attack and are simply observers of a horrific terror attack against innocent people. You can hear them speaking in Arabic and saying something about 3 attacks, after which time you can hear one of them yell,  Allah Akbar! It s interesting to hear how the Muslim men in the vehicle respond to the murder of innocent people at the hands of Islamic  extremists . After watching this video, one has to wonder how exactly, we should go about differentiating between the  moderate  and  extremist  Muslims Muslims laughing and yelling Allah Ackbar in London after #LondonBridge attack pic.twitter.com/6XjlwwQqQ7  Tanya Tay   (@realTanyaTay) June 3, 2017",0
10708,“Peaceful” Muslims Scream: “THIS IS FOR ALLAH” After Driving Van 50 MPH Pedestrians…3 ARMED Terrorists On Run In Gun-Free London…Britain’s PM Calls It “Potential Act Of Terror” [VIDEO],"Just another day in the holy month of Ramadan London is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. A van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. We re posting details as they come in from the UK. The Muslim Mayor of London is too busy criticizing President Trump for taking measures to ensure the United States is not subjected to never-ending acts of terrorism to actually identify and work to solve the radical Muslim issue that is exploding in the UK.Meanwhile, President Trump has offered the help of the United States to the citizens of London and of the UK:Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there   WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017Popular conservative talk show host Katie Hopkins thanks President Trump for taking the issue of Islamic terrorism seriously while hammering the Muslim Mayor of London:Thank you @realDonaldTrump. Please excuse Mr Khan't. The man who calls himself Mayor. pic.twitter.com/RwvbPVY92m  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017UPDATE: MORE: UNCONFIRMED reports say at least 5 terrorists with weapons on the run in London, several killed, several injured.  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Eyewitness on London Bridge tells the BBC: The 3 men exited the van with knives shouted ""This is for Allah"" before stabbing people  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017BREAKING NEWS: Many injured as car ploughs into people at London bridge.DEVELOPING pic.twitter.com/1fuoC5y652  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017Traffic cameras captures huge police activity near London bridge as police say it is still not under control. pic.twitter.com/0URXD0yvR2  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Witness say he saw a van drive into pedestrians at London Bridge and 3 men carrying knives jump out and then attack people  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017BREAKING: Multiple people have been killed in the incidents in London, police say   BBC  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 20173 ARMED terrorists are reportedly on the run in gun-free London:MORE: At least three armed terrorists on the run in London.  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017Talk show host Katie Hopkins tells British citizens stop being complacent,  DEMAND ACTION! Do not let them tell you we stand united. Do not let them tell you we carry on as normal. Refuse to be lied to. DEMAND ACTION #LondonBridge  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017Hopkins goes on to slam Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan who has been very vocal in his criticism of President Trump for wanted to do a better job of vetting refugees coming to America from terror hotbed nations: No, @SadiqKhan. We do not want to hear a single word from you. Not one word. London Bridge has fallen down on your watch, son #LondonBridge  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017Katie Hopkins is furious .demands Britain gets a handle their radical Muslim issue:Britain does not stand united. Close the borders. Round up the watch list. Incarcerate the lot. ENOUGH #LondonBridge https://t.co/ZlVXZmmYnm  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) June 3, 2017UPDATE: Police now urgently telling crowd to leave the area around Monument Station, as reports of one Suspect inside the station  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017INFO: Train stations closed in London: London Bridge, Waterloo East, Charing Cross and Cannon Street due to ongoing incidents pic.twitter.com/LMlI9KdqGN  BNL (@BreakingNLive) June 3, 2017UPDATE: One suspect has been apprehended:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/871152269202522112Meanwhile Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May calls this a  potential act of terror! https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/871150568907169793 ",0
10709,ALARMING: NSA Refuses to Release Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Transcript with Lame Excuse,"If Clinton and Lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? This is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along Bill Clinton was meeting with Lynch to fight Hillary s battle. They won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government Are we right?A citizen researcher from Florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch tarmac tape released to the public, but apparently, the National Security Agency claims they won t release it due to  national security. The man researching and seeking to have the tape released is Florida orthodontist Larry Kawa. You may remember him because of Judicial Watch s filing of a lawsuit on his behalf to obtain a week s worth of Hillary Clinton s emails regarding Benghazi.It s being reported now that the NSA has declared the recording of the conversation that took place between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch in Phoenix, Arizona on June 27, 2016.Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act request in March of this year to obtain the following:Any and all records and/or transcripts of a meeting held between Attorney General Loretta lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all references to the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton contained in day planners, calendars and schedules in the Office of theAttorney General. This brings us to Kawa. In an article at Big League Politics, Patrick Howley writes:The National Security Agency (NSA) blocked the release of a purported tape of Bill Clinton and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s private airplane talk with a rare legal justification used to protect top national security secrets.The NSA s block of the release of this information   citing one of President Obama s executive orders   undercuts Hillary Clinton s claim that her husband and Lynch had a  purely social  conversation about grandkids and golf on June 27, 2016, two weeks before Lynch dropped the Department of Justice investigation into Hillary Clinton s email scandal.Read more: Freedom Outpost",0
10710,"AMERICANS FURIOUS, Lash Out After Liberals Use Sacred WTC Site To Make Anti-Trump Statement","The One World Trade Center Twitter account announced they would be lighting the tower green  in solidarity with the #ParisAgreement #OneWTC will be lit green tonight in solidarity with the #ParisAgreement @OneWTC  One World Trade (@OneWTC) June 1, 2017Hundreds of people protested in Lower Manhattan and buildings were lit green in solidarity after President Trump declared Thursday that the U.S. is withdrawing from the landmark Paris climate agreement.About 400 protesters gathered at Foley Square after Trump s announcement. They held signs and chanted,  What do we want? Climate justice! When do we want it? Now! The crowd marched through the streets to nearby City Hall, where they pounded drums and chanted,  You can t drink oil, leave it in the soil! In a show of solidarity, Gov. Cuomo said One World Trade Center and the Kosciuszko Bridge would be lit green on Thursday night. Mayor de Blasio said City Hall would also light up green.  NBCNYWatch:One World Trade Center lights up green after President Trump ditches global climate agreement https://t.co/sCHSiqP25r pic.twitter.com/M8r66YYgNM  NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) June 2, 2017Twitter users responded to liberals and the liberal media who heralded the decision to use the WTC site to trash Trump. Kelly called the decision to use the WTC for international political purposes,  disgusting That is disgusting using The World Trade Center for international political purposes! That is AMERICAN sacred ground.  Kelly T (@ktellmemore) June 3, 2017Kelly T wasn t the only Twitter user who found the politicizing of the WTC site to be disgusting: World Trade Center people better get their act together blowout the green candle it's disgusting and if it was Blasio it makes worse.!  pic.twitter.com/m7zE3pUH5C  joseph e pintinalli (@1handputter) June 3, 2017Others were offended that One World Trade Center was being used as a  political pawn Disgusting the WTC is sacred ground of the USA not a political pawn  Michael (@mweis1964) June 3, 2017https://twitter.com/EntreAmis1000/status/870996745215295494Others mocked their hypocrisy, as they used large amounts of electricity to light the massive tower:So they lit the building up using electricity and expanding their carbon footprint?THAT WILL SHOW US!!  Meier Ben Avraham (@hebrewservative) June 2, 2017That makes sense show green and waste electricity  William Burrows (@wabr101) June 3, 2017",0
10711,SEWER WORKER DIES After Muslim Doctors REFUSE To Help Him,"Such a compassionate faith Bring an 8-year old girl in for a clitorectomy and watch how quickly they sharpen the knives A Pakistani sewer worker died Thursday after doctors refused to treat him due to the fact he was  unclean. Irfan Masih, 30, went unconscious while cleaning a manhole in the city of Umerkot. He was taken to the hospital where he suffocated to death in front of doctors who refused to treat him because he was covered in sewer sludge. The doctors refused to treat him because they were fasting and said my son was  napaak (unclean),  Irshad Masih, the sewer worker s mother, told Pakistan s Express Tribune.Muslims across the world are currently observing the holy month of Ramadan, which requires them to abstain from eating, drinking and sex during daylight hours, but treating the worker does not appear to fall under these rules. Muslim medical professionals across the world frequently work with patients in all sorts of conditions during the holy month. -Daily Caller",0
10712,PRO-TRUMP ROCKER #TedNugent Fires Back at Comparison to #KathyGriffin: “We’re talking apples and grenades”,"Ted Nugent isn t having it! He s being compared to Kathy Griffin by the left and he s had enough of it!We will never forget the night before the election at the very last rally for candidate Trump TED NUGENT WAS THERE AND PLAYED HIS HEART OUT!Conservative rocker Ted Nugent, who once told a concert crowd that Barack Obama should  suck on [his] machine gun,  says its unfair to compare him to embattled comedian Kathy Griffin.  There s no comparison whatsoever,  Mr. Nugent said during a radio interview Wednesday on  The Ben Ferguson Show,  The Washington Examiner reported.  We re talking apples and grenades here,  he said.  What Kathy Griffin did was downright vulgar, obscene, and a genuine variation of a death threat. I ve never threatened anybody.  Ms. Griffin is facing a wave of backlash for doing a graphic photo shoot holding a realistic mock severed head of President Trump. She has since apologized for the photos and had them removed, but lost her long-running New Year s Eve gig at CNN as a result. Despite his history of off-color comments, Mr. Nugent was invited to the White House in April for a dinner with Mr. Trump. Liberals in the media immediately compared Ms. Griffin s controversial stunt to Mr. Nugent s past comments, claiming there is a double standard.Mr. Nugent, who serves on the NRA s Board of Directors, reportedly told a concert crowd in 2007:  Obama, he s a piece of s . I told him to suck on my machine gun.  Speaking in 2012 at an NRA convention in St. Louis, he said,  We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November.  And in January of last year, he called for both Mr. Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to  be tried for treason & hung. Via: WT",0
10713,Liberal #BillMaher Uses The “N-word” on Live TV…Will He Be “Kathy Griffined”? [Video],"On Friday night s episode of HBO s Real Time, host Bill Maher responded to guest Sen. Ben Sasse s question,  Would you like to come work in the field with us?  with the N-word. This man is beyond disgusting in his past comments but THIS is the absolute worst. He responded to the audience groans by saying  it was a joke . So this jackwagon jokes at the expense of those in the black community Shame on him! He s in the same boat with Kathy Griffin when he makes a joke at the expense of others.REMEMBER WHEN MAHER MOCKED ANN COULTER FOR SUPPORTING TRUMP?They laughed at us when we said @realDonaldTrump would win This morning they're too devastated to get out of bed.#MAGA #TrumpTrain pic.twitter.com/A0xApdid7K  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) November 9, 2016Let s hope Bill Maher is treated just as any other person in entertainment has been treated if they go down this path. The left has a double standard when it comes to this so we doubt anything will happen to punish Maher for his racist comment on live TV.",0
10714,“Comedian” Kathy Griffin’s 7th And FINAL Venue Cancels…Who’s Laughing Now?,"Venues in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania and now California have all canceled their Kathy Griffin Celebrity Run-In shows. The Community Arts Theater in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, posted on its website that the show had been dropped  due to the recent controversy surrounding Kathy Griffin and the concern for the safety and security of our patrons and staff. Earlier this week, CNN said Griffin would no longer co-host its live New Year s Eve special from Times Square and another show was canceled at a New Mexico casino. An endorsement deal with Squatty Potty also ended.TMZ reported that 11-yr old Barron Trump saw the decapitated, bloodied head of his father while watching TV. That didn t stop the selfish liberal Kathy Griffin from attempting to make herself out to be a victim during her press conference where she made a desperate attempt to save her career. It was revealed yesterday that she admitted in December 2016 that she desired to harm both 11-year old Barron Trump and his father, President Donald Trump:It s a question a lot of comedians are asking themselves lately: What should comedy look like during the Trump presidency? Now more than ever we must absolutely go for all the absurdities,  Kathy Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala Tuesday night.  For me, that s Trump and all things Trump. It s not about trying to be an equal-opportunity offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down. It s his turn. So I m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump   and also to Barron. You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald, my edge is that I ll go direct for Barron. I m going to get in ahead of the game. ",0
10715,COMEDY GOLD! The Left Goes Bonkers After Trump’s Withdrawal from Paris Accord [Video],"After President Trump pulled out of the Paris Accord, the left went crazy with hysterical predictions on what will happen now.The video below is a compilation of all of the  Chicken Littles  screeching about how the sky will now fall:A White House statement had this to say about the Paris Accord:  The Paris accord is a BAD deal for Americans, and the president s action today is keeping his campaign promise to put American workers first. The accord was negotiated poorly by the Obama administration and signed out of desperation. The media quickly sounded the alarm about the possible consequences of Trump withdrawing from the accord.CNN showed a graphic that was laughed at by Rand Paul for its ridiculous claims. The graphic listed rising sea levels, deadlier heat waves, droughts and wildfires, and mass extinction NBC had a Princeton University professor on to discuss the possible effects of Trump s decision: That means record heat, more drought in some places, torrential rains and floods in other places, sea level rising drowning coastal areas, the world will be a mess,  Oppenheimer said.Late-night hosts also chimed in with their own dire predictions. Donald Trump might have doomed the planet,   Daily Show  host Trevor Noah said.",0
10716,WASHED UP HOLLYWOOD LOSER Makes Embarrassing Video Bashing Trump Over Paris Climate Agreement,"Remember when people paid attention to Arnold Scwarzenegger s political opinions? Me neither The irrelevant former California Governor, washed up Hollywood actor and failed Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger, made a video that took on President Trump, as he called for a  grassroots revolution  in the fight against phony global warming. Of course, Schwarzenegger was just doing his part, as he joins forces with Hollywood hacks to trash President Trump after he announced his plans to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement.In the video below, the former governor and washed up Hollywood actor urged American citizens to  rise up  and save Planet Earth.BREAKING: Arnold Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Donald Trump. #ParisAgreement pic.twitter.com/YI8fcxEeox  ATTN: (@attn) June 2, 2017Why would anyone expect a Hollywood liberal (who calls himself a Republican) to understand that the climate change agreement is nothing more than a boondoggle for taxpayers?",0
10717,NEW NORMAL? MASSIVE MUSIC FESTIVAL In Angela Merkel’s Islamic Migrant Nation Of Germany EVACUATED After “Concrete Terror Threat” [VIDEO],"In 2016, 2.14 million people moved to Germany in 2015   a 46 per cent increase from 2014.It should come as no surprise that less than one month after the horrific terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert in the UK, that one of the biggest music festivals in Germany has been shut down after a  concrete  terror threat.Rock am Ring was cancelled on its opening night and thousands of festival-goers were told to leave the site in N rburg in a  calm and controlled manner .Some 92,500 three-day tickets were sold for the festival, which was due to run from Friday until Sunday.The dpa news agency reported that the festival was cleared out on its opening night after Koblenz police said they had received information of a  concrete threat .The cancellation was announced on the Rock am Ring Facebook page.A spokesman said:  Due to a terrorist threat the police have advised us to interrupt the festival. We ask all festival visitors to leave the festival site in a calm and controlled manner towards the exits and camping grounds. We have to support the police investigations. Via: Daily Mail ",0
10718,BOOM! 4 VENUES CANCEL KATHY GRIFFIN Appearances After She Blames Trump For Her Career Ending Decision To Pose With His Severed Head,"Backlash against Kathy Griffin continues to grow with at least four venues announcing that they had canceled her performances after the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Venues in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania have canceled shows. The Community Arts Theater in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, posted on its website that the show had been dropped  due to the recent controversy surrounding Kathy Griffin and the concern for the safety and security of our patrons and staff. Earlier this week, CNN said Griffin would no longer co-host its live New Year s Eve special from Times Square and another show was canceled at a New Mexico casino. An endorsement deal with Squatty Potty also ended.Sen. Al Franken has dis-invited Griffin from an event promoting his new book,  Giant of the Senate. Franken says he has heard from constituents  who were rightfully offended,  leading the Minnesota Democrat to change his mind from earlier, when he had said she was still welcome. He says he takes seriously that Minnesotans were upset by her behavior, which he characterizes as  inappropriate and not something that should be anywhere  in the national discourse.It s the latest fallout after the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Kathy Griffin s attorney says the comedian has been contacted by the Secret Service in the wake of her controversial photo shoot in which she posed with the likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head.Attorney Lisa Bloom says Griffin has retained a criminal attorney, who also appeared at a Friday press conference in which Griffin apologized again for the images. Griffin said she is the subject of a Secret Service investigation, but did not provide any further information about the inquiry or if she was cooperating.Griffin says she will not refrain from joking about Trump in the future.Since the comedian posed with a likeness of President Donald Trump s severed head, she has been fired from her annual gig hosting CNN s New Year s Eve special and several performances have been canceled at venues across the U.S.",0
10719,NANCY PELOSI Just Went After Trump’s Grandchildren And It’s Disgusting! [Video],"During Nancy Pelosi s remarks regarding President Trump s decision to pull out of the Paris Accord, Pelosi questioned whether President Trump s grandchildren breathe air! I kid you not! Can you imagine if a Republican had spoken like that about Obama s children? The snark coming from Pelosi is palpable RUDE! How is he [Trump] ever going to explain to his grandchildren what he did to the air they breathe? Assuming they breathe air. And I have to assume that is the case. We all do, right? Pelosi released a garbage statement after President Trump s announcement: San Francisco   Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi issued the following statement after it was reported that the Trump Administration will pull out of the landmark, 195-signatory Paris Climate Accord that would significantly slow the progress of global warming: President Trump s decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Accord is a stunning abdication of American leadership and a grave threat to our planet s future. In walking away from this agreement, the President is denying scientific truths, removing safeguards that protect our health and our environment, protecting polluters and their dirty energy agenda, and threatening our national and global security. The Paris Accord honors our collective moral responsibility to leave future generations with a planet that is clean, healthy and sustainable. The agreement deploys the full force of governments around the world to halt the rise in carbon emissions that cause extreme climate events, including record droughts, horrific famines and devastating floods, in addition to thousands of deaths each year from asthma attacks and other air pollution-related diseases. Rejecting the pact also sends a strong message to the marketplace to direct innovative, entrepreneurial investments in the clean energy economy elsewhere. The majority of Americans in both parties know that climate change is real, and want clear, decisive action to arrest its dire effects. Democrats will continue to support the strong action of states, cities and the private sector to halt the march of climate change, no matter how destructive and short-sighted the decisions of this Administration continue to be. ",0
10720,KATHY GRIFFIN Actually BRAGGED About Wanting To “Beat Down” 11-Yr Old Barron Trump 6 Months Ago,"The outspoken liberal comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields in which she was seen holding a bloodied mask of President Trump.Donald Trump was quick to condemn her on Twitter:TMZ later reported that 11-year old Barron Trump actually saw the image of his bloodied and decapitated father while watching TV.TMZ reports: Barron Trump was watching TV & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. He thought it was his dad. My heart is broken.  Liz Wheeler (@Liz_Wheeler) May 31, 2017Melania Trump weighed in on the horrific image her 11-yr old son was subjected to with this statement:  As a mother, a wife, and a human being, that photo is very disturbing. When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today, a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it. It s a question a lot of comedians are asking themselves lately: What should comedy look like during the Trump presidency? Now more than ever we must absolutely go for all the absurdities,  Kathy Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala Tuesday night.  For me, that s Trump and all things Trump. It s not about trying to be an equal-opportunity offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down. It s his turn. So I m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump   and also to Barron. You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald, my edge is that I ll go direct for Barron. I m going to get in ahead of the game. So, of course, Griffin supported Rosie O Donnell when she tweeted a video asking if Barron Trump, 10-year-old son of Donald and Melania, was on the autism spectrum.  After the beat down he gave her, she can say whatever she wants to say to that piece of shit,  Griffin said before correcting herself.  Oh, that s President Piece of Shit.   Vulture",0
10721,"RADICAL, INTOLERANT Students Held College Administrators HOSTAGE…And No One Cared [VIDEO]","Video from inside Evergreen State College continues to leak, showing that protesters had at one point held administrators hostage until they agreed to comply with their demands.The incident took place during the second day of demonstrations demanding the resignation of Professor Bret Weinstein, who angered many students when he challenged the school s decision to ask white people to leave campus for a day of diversity programming in an all-staff email.The protest began Tuesday morning when an angry mob of SJW s confronted Professor Bret Weinstein after he had sent an email to faculty and staff explaining his reasoning for opposing the demonstration.  Campus ReformWatch the hostage situation here:Now, Weinstein s reportedly been told to avoid campus because his safety is at risk. Police told me protesters stopped cars yesterday, demanding information about occupants,  Mr. Weinstein told The Washington Times.  They believe I was being sought. It appears that the campus has been under the effective control of protesters since 9:30 a.m. Tuesday. Police are on lockdown, hamstrung by the college administration. Students, staff and faculty are not safe.Having already accosted Weinstein with such vitriol that campus police suggested he leave campus because officers could not guarantee his safety, the students set their sights on the administration, confining school officials in an office until they capitulated to an ultimatum demanding various diversity-related initiatives. The priority is that they stay in that room. If they aren t in that room, then we did something wrong, so you all need to watch that door, watch all the doors, the windows, you need to keep eyes on them,  one protester commands, referencing all of the potential exit points that administrators could use to make an escape.  Somebody needs to go in that room real quick to make sure there s no way for them to leave. The video pans to a closed conference room leading to College President George Bridges  office, which is surrounded on the outside by dozens of student protesters who made it their stated mission to establish a  physical presence  outside the office to ensure that Bridges and his staff  aren t leaving. Shortly thereafter, one demonstrator emerges from Bridges  office and triumphantly informs her companions that Bridges  talked to the chief of police and he said police will not show up. The unidentified protester who was apparently leading the brigade then enters Bridges  office, where the president and several other administrators are seated around a table that is encircled by still more student protesters. The only priority is that y all stay in this space until those demands can happen so that s the only thing that we re concerned about,  the protest leader reiterates, though he assures the administrators that  everyone s safety and health is concerned,  and that food and water would be provided to them.At one point, Bridges explains that he needs  to pee,  to which one protester initially responds by sharply instructing him to  hold it,  though he was eventually escorted to a nearby bathroom by a team of protesters.Meanwhile, the crowd gathered outside continued to chant  hey, hey/ho, ho/these racist faculty have got to go. The student who said they talked to the police chief and that they would not be coming was lying. The police did show up to the hostage situation. The only problem is, the president of Evergreen College has already made a public statement saying that he has no interest in pressing charges against any of the hostage takers.When police arrived, presumably drawn by the uproar, the students fled to the library, where they barricaded themselves inside the Trans & Queer Unity Lounge and asked white students to patrol the halls for any police  intruders. At a meeting between the administration and students later that day, University President George S. Bridges quickly assured the crowd that no students would be punished for their involvement in the demonstrations and promised a  major reiew  of what happened and why.My brother. Biology Professor @BretWeinstein. In the crosshairs of a lying mob. You SJWs just targeted the wrong guy. The Left eats its own. https://t.co/qQBCoztAvw  Eric Weinstein (@EricRWeinstein) May 24, 2017Here's the (incredibly thoughtful and well-written) email. pic.twitter.com/3NecW0tNfw  William Treseder (@williamtreseder) May 24, 2017",0
10722,THE NERVE! #KathyGriffin Blames the Victim in Ridiculous Presser with Lawyer: “He broke me!” [VIDEO],"A ridiculous Kathy Griffin breaks down over the fall out from her controversial photo:  I don t think I will have a career after this. I m going to be honest, he broke me.  Nice job of blaming the victim! How dare this woman try and turn this around to blame the Trump family and President Trump. Please see the comment below the video that makes clear that Griffin stated she wanted to go after Barron Trump BEFORE this all happened! This woman is responsible for everything that s happened to her!In case you missed it: Kathy Griffin is now digging herself a deeper hole. She s hired a high profile attorney because she s now claiming to be the victim after she pulled a horrific stunt that shocked people on both sides of the aisle. The word is that Griffin is saying the Trump family bullied her! If you ever wondered how low victimhood can go this could be it. This woman did something that traumatized  the Trump family but is now claiming SHE S THE VICTIM???Lisa Bloom s twitter feed is full of extreme left tweets and claims about Barron Trump that are outrageous! She s a total lefty who s in this for the same reason Griffin is flailing around like she was just  bullied LIBERALISM REALLY IS A MENTAL DISORDER!Proud to announce that I represent Kathy Griffin. We will be holding a press conference tomorrow morning. Here s the details. pic.twitter.com/1FejPNGzoV  Lisa Bloom (@LisaBloom) June 2, 2017Lisa Bloom is Gloria Alred s daughter!",0
10723,MSNBC ANCHOR Drops Mic on Rep. Keith Ellison: “I just don’t know what you said…AT ALL!” [Video],"Keith Ellison blurted out some words that meant nothing and was called out on it this is as rare on MSNBC as finding a Unicorn BRZEZINSKI: I mean she says it was bankrupt. She says it was totally disorganized. She says it was a complete mess. Is that the case?KAY: And they didn t give her anything.BRZEZINSKI: And they didn t give her anything. Is that true?REP. ELLISON: Let me tell you, you know, we can t relitigate the past. You know  BRZEZINSKI: Man, no.REP. ELLISON: But the truth is   no, seriously, let me finish my point. The truth is that Trump is getting rid, is abandoning climate action. He is taking away people s protection for pre-existing conditions. He is trying to ban people based on their religion. There is no time for us to go back and try to figure out who shot John. We ve got to figure out what went wrong so we can fix it and then move forward in an aggressive way.BRZEZINSKI: I just don t know what you said  REP. ELLISON: That s where I m at.BRZEZINSKI:   at all.The truth is Keith Ellison is a double talking COMMIE!In case you missed Hillary throwing the DNC under the bus:Burning bridges is NEVER a smart strategy!",0
10724,EVERY BAD THING We Can Say Goodbye To With Our Exit From The Paris Accord,"The word  nothing-burger  has been tossed around so much lately but it s best used in referring to what the Paris Accord would do to change the climate. IT WOULD DO NEARLY NOTHING! If you heard President Trump s speech yesterday then you know this was one of the HUGE points within his remarks. The cost/benefit was so out of line and so unfair for America! It s safe to say that how much the accord would change climate is a nothing burger but the total loss to America would be HUGE!Here s a list from Breitbart News of the things you can say goodbye to now that our AWESOME President has removed us from the Paris Accord:Goodbye to  American Last.  The Paris agreement was basically an attempt to halt climate change on the honor system. Its only legal requirements were for signatories to announce goals and report progress, with no international enforcement mechanism. As a result, it was likely that the United States and wealthy European nations would have adopted and implemented severe climate change rules while many of the world s governments would avoid doing anything that would slow their own economies. The agreement basically made the U.S. economy and Europe s strongest economies sacrificial lambs to the cause of climate change.Industrial Carnage. The regulations necessary to implement the Paris agreement would have cost the U.S. industrial sector 1.1 million jobs, according to a study commissioned by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. These job losses would center in cement, iron and steel, and petroleum refining. Industrial output would decline sharply.Hollowing Out Michigan, Missouri, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. The industrial carnage would have been concentrated on four states, according to the Chamber of Commerce study. Michigan s GDP would shrink by 0.8 percent and employment would contract by 74,000 jobs. Missouri s GDP would shrink by 1 percent. Ohio s GDP would contract 1.2 percent. Pennsylvania s GDP would decline by 1.8 percent and the state would lose 140,000 jobs.Smashing Small Businesses, Helping Big Business. Big businesses in America strongly backed the Paris climate deal. In fact, the backers of the climate deal reads like a  who s who  of big American businesses: Apple, General Electric, Intel, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley, General Mills, Walmart, DuPont, Unilever, and Johnson & Johnson. These business giants can more easily cope with costly regulations than their smaller competitors and many would, in fact, find business opportunities from the changes required. But smaller businesses and traditional start-ups would likely be hurt by the increased costs of compliance and rising energy costs.Making America Poorer Again. A Heritage Foundation study found that the Paris agreement would have increased the electricity costs of an American family of four by between 13 percent and 20 percent annually. It forecast a loss of income of $20,000 by 2035. In other words, American families would be paying more while making less.Much Poorer. The overall effect of the agreement would have been to reduce U.S. GDP by over $2.5 trillion and eliminate 400,000 jobs by 2035, according to Heritage s study. This would exacerbate problems with government funding and deficits, make Social Security solvency more challenging, and increase reliance on government s spending to support households.",0
10725,EPIC! RAND PAUL Laughs at CNN’s Climate Hysteria…Schools Jake Tapper on Climate Truth [Video],"This is so good! Rand Paul knows his climate truth. Jake Tapper is totally embarrassed by the argument from Paul who tells Tapper and all liberals to knock off the hysteria on climate:  My goodness, the sky is falling  because the world is billions of years old and the most severe climate change events happened millions of years before the industrial revolution.  THE HYSTERIA IS EMBARRASSING BUT EXPECTED: You need to make sure that your viewers know that most of climate scientists  models have been wrong. They adjust it every year because they haven t been good at predicting things.   But obviously scientists have been predicting for years that the temperatures would go up, that glaciers would shrink, that sea ice would disappear, that oceans would rise, that the sea level would rise and there would be longer and more intense heat waves and all of that has happened, Senator,  ",0
10726,KATHY GRIFFIN Lawyers Up with Ridiculous Claim Against the Trump Family,"Kathy Griffin is now digging herself a deeper hole. She s hired a high profile attorney because she s now claiming to be the victim after she pulled a horrific stunt that shocked people on both sides of the aisle. The word is that Griffin is saying the Trump family bullied her! If you ever wondered how low victimhood can go this could be it. This woman did something that traumatized  the Trump family but is now claiming SHE S THE VICTIM???Lisa Bloom s twitter feed is full of extreme left tweets and claims about Barron Trump that are outrageous! She s a total lefty who s in this for the same reason Griffin is flailing around like she was just  bullied LIBERALISM REALLY IS A MENTAL DISORDER!Proud to announce that I represent Kathy Griffin. We will be holding a press conference tomorrow morning. Here s the details. pic.twitter.com/1FejPNGzoV  Lisa Bloom (@LisaBloom) June 2, 2017Lisa Bloom is Gloria Alred s daughter!",0
10727,GREAT JOB! WILBUR ROSS Destroys Pro-Paris Accord Argument With Brilliant Talking Points [Video],"Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the Paris Accord. He appeared on Neil Cavuto right before President Trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain America of trillions of dollars. We re so lucky he s our Commerce Secretary! He s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for America financially.BACKGROUND ON THE AWESOME WILBUR ROSS AND STEVE MNUCHIN: I did this because I believed in him    Steve MnuchinIsn t that all you need to know about the private sector picks for Commerce and Treasury? Steve Mnuchin is stepping up because he wants to help Donald Trump Make America Great Again. Fantastic!Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross was picked for Commerce Secretary. Does he need a boss? No! He s also doing this for all the right reasons!These two men are brilliant picks and have said they will coordinate and work to bring America roaring back.  Private sector nominees for these two positions couldn t be better! No more bureaucrats!They both want responsible tax cuts and want trade to be front and center Hedge fund manager Steve Mnuchin said this morning that president-elect Donald Trump had selected him to lead Treasury Mnuchin told CNBC.Mnuchin spent 17 years working at Goldman Sachs, an investment firm that has produced multiple secretaries of the Treasury, and went on to produce Hollywood blockbusters, before taking the helm of Trump s fundraising operation this year. His selection is the latest example of Trump tapping an insider as he staffs the government and attempts to keep his pledges to  drain the swamp  and  Make America Great Again.  In another move to fill out his economic team, Trump tapped billionaire Wilbur Ross to serve as the next secretary of Commerce.Read more: Daily Mail",0
10728,OUCH! NEW EMAILS Show Hillary Didn’t Want To Fly In Same Plane As Michelle Obama,"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton once requested to fly in a separate plane rather than share one with then-First Lady Michelle Obama, according to newly released emails.The email exchange was part of a new batch of emails that government watchdog Judicial Watch obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request. Clinton and her top aide, Huma Abedin, discussed in a July 2011 exchange Clinton s plans to attend the funeral of fellow former First Lady Betty Ford in Grand Rapids, Mich. Looks like plane won t be an issue,  Abedin wrote.  Also, looks like Michelle Obama also going. Is it ok [sic] that we and Mrs. O take two separate planes?  Clinton asked. I think it s ok [sic]. But let me see what kind of plane she s taking,  Abedin responded. I would rather have our own of course,  Clinton added.The new emails surfaced after other messages, ones released during the 2016 presidential campaign, revealed that Clinton and Obama s husband, former President Barack Obama, had an antagonistic relationship. And she HATES that the president ( that man,  as the Clintons call him) kicked her ass in 2008,  Democratic megadonor Jeffrey Leeds wrote to former Secretary of State Colin Powell in March 2015.  She can t believe it or accept it. Leeds also addressed the growing controversy over Clinton s use of a private email server at the State Department, writing that then-President Obama would not care if Clinton found herself in legal trouble. I don t think the president would weep if she found herself in real legal trouble. She ll pummel his legacy if she gets a chance and he knows it,  Leeds said.The exchange between Clinton and Abedin came after another message, one also released during the 2016 election, showed that Clinton complained commercial flights were  burdensome  and asked Abedin to get the Air Force to fly her from Westchester, N.Y. back to Washington, D.C.  WFB",0
10729,"PRESIDENT TRUMP Blasts Phony Climate Change Crybabies: “I Was Elected to Represent the Citizens of Pittsburgh, Not Paris” [VIDEO]","With his decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, President Trump just gave the #ResistTrump crowd a new reason to hate him. Meanwhile, his supporters can add another check mark in the  promised kept  category. We all know how rare it is for a politician to actually do what he promised he d do while campaigning for office. Now it s up to Trump supporters to make sure they have his back President Trump said he was elected to represent the citizens of  Pittsburgh, not Paris,  during remarks Thursday explaining his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. We want fair treatment for our taxpayers,  he said.  We don t want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won t be. They won t be. I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris. Trump appeared to name-drop Pittsburgh because of its historic ties to the coal and manufacturing industries.However, Democratic Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto rejected Trump s words, saying his city would follow the guidelines of the agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions.  WFBThe mayor of Pittsburg, Bill Peduto, took to Twitter to show his opposition to and disrespect for our president who dodged a major bullet by his brave decision to not go along with the Paris Agreement:As the Mayor of Pittsburgh, I can assure you that we will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future. https://t.co/3znXGTcd8C  bill peduto (@billpeduto) June 1, 2017Apparently not everyone who follows the radical mayor of Pittsburg agreed with his tweet. Here are some of the responses he received:Enjoy your last term Mr mayor  Ed Serrano (@bugkiller7803) June 1, 2017You're more likely to be shot or killed in Pittsburgh than in Chicago. Maybe mayor Peduto should fix that before the climate @PressSec #MAGA pic.twitter.com/uigrOKxHxQ  Democrats are NAZIs (@iResistAll) June 1, 2017",0
10730,President Trump Announces Decision on Paris Climate Deal…America First! [Video],"FOX News is announcing that President Trump believes the Paris Accord is a  bad deal  and wants to jeep his promise to put Americans first. We say Amen to that! This is another mess Obama got us into that President Trump has to get us out of! The statement from the President will be any moment:THIS IS A GLOBAL REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH and will hurt Americans!OUR PAST REPORT ON THIS ACCORD: John Kerry and Al Gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. It s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and NOT our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. This is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. A deal to attempt to limit the rise in global temperatures to less than 2C has been agreed at the climate change summit in Paris after two weeks of intense negotiations. The pact is the first to commit all countries to cut carbon emissions. The agreement is partly legally binding and partly voluntary. Earlier, key blocs, including the G77 group of developing countries, and nations such as China and India said they supported the proposals. President of the UN climate conference of parties (COP) and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said:  I now invite the COP to adopt the decision entitled Paris Agreement outlined in the document.  Looking out to the room I see that the reaction is positive, I see no objections. The Paris agreement is adopted. As he struck the gavel to signal the adoption of the deal, delegates rose to their feet cheering and applauding.John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. Former U.S. vice president Al Gore says  years from now, our grandchildren will reflect on humanity s moral courage to solve the climate crisis. And they will look to December 12, 2015, as the day when the community of nations finally made the decision to act. South African environment minister Edna Molewa calls the pact  the best we can get at this historic moment.  She says it  can map a turning point to a better and safer world  but she added that developed countries still have to cut emissions more and help poorer nations to counter the effects of global warming.READ MORE: BBCRead more: AP",0
10731,HILLARY CONFIDANTE Asked If She’ll Run in 2020 Gives Stunning Answer…Does This Confirm What We’ve Been Thinking? [Video],"Stuart Varney asked Hillary friend and adviser Doug Schoen if Hillary plans on running in 2020 The answer he gives only confirms what we ve all been saying about Hillary Clinton she is firmly planted in the corner of delusion. She is one woman who can t take the blame for her failures but behaves like a child angrily pointing fingers at everyone but herself. Introspection isn t in her wheelhouse.She plans on running again even though she just hammered the Democrat Party! She just burned the bridge with all who could help her if she runs again!We hope Schoen is correct in his belief that she is running It s great news for the Republicans. It s like we have the geriatric wing of Democrats with Biden and Clinton planning to run. Didn t someone tell them the old guard is pass ?Stuart Varney: Is she running again?Doug Schoen: Oh yeah! Even if it s only in her own mind, she is running EVEN IF IT S ONLY IN HER MIND???Run, run, run!IN CASE YOU MISSED CLINTON CALLING THE EMAIL SCANDAL A  NOTHING-BURGER :Hillary Clinton continues on the path to complete and total denial. #CODECON 2017 included a blah, blah, blah session by Clinton. She spews ridiculous victimhood it s embarrassing! Nobody said don t do this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_nKOL4h0iUThis woman needs to go off into the woods for another walk.",0
10732,NAILS IT! NIGEL FARAGE Says What Americans are Thinking About “Pathetic” Hillary Clinton [Video],"Nigel Farage: I don t think it s worth getting angry about Hillary. I just think she looks sad and pathetic. From now on, let s just ignore her.Amen! We agree with Farage but it s so interesting to listen to Clinton s delusional take on what happened in the 2016 election. It confirms for everyone that we made the right choice in the election. This woman needs a reality check! It s so revealing to see just how out of touch with reality she REALLY is and how petty and bitter she has been.Aren t we so lucky we dodged THIS bullet!IN CASE YOU CAN T LOOK AWAY:Hillary Clinton continues on the path to complete and total denial. #CODECON 2017 included a blah, blah, blah session by Clinton. She spews ridiculous victimhood it s embarrassing! Nobody said don t do this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_nKOL4h0iUThis woman needs to go off into the woods for another walk.HILLARY S EXCUSES HER FAVORITE THINGS:Enjoy:",0
10733,AUTHOR OF CHILDREN’S BOOKS Gets DESTROYED On Social Media After Mocking 11-Yr Old Barron Trump’s Reaction To Beheaded Dad Image,"Children s author and father of two, Ken Jennings took to Twitter to bully 11-year old Barron Trump after entertainment site TMZ reported that Barron saw the photo of the bloodied and decapitated head of his father being held up by  comedian  Kathy Gifford while watching TV:TMZ reports: Barron Trump was watching TV & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. He thought it was his dad. My heart is broken.  Liz Wheeler (@Liz_Wheeler) May 31, 2017Although Jennings holds the record for the longest winning streak on the game show Jeopardy, it turns out  he s really not that smart after all Children s author Ken Jennings obviously found the report about an 11-yr old boy being traumatized by a decapitated image of his dad on TV to be humorous, as he tweeted this disgusting comment in response to this heartbreaking story:Barron Trump saw a very long necktie on a heap of expired deli meat in a dumpster. He thought it was his dad & his little heart is breaking  Ken Jennings (@KenJennings) May 31, 2017Twitter users came after Jennings. Some of them even sent tweets to Simon and Schuster asking them to stop working with this vile bully of children. Here are some of their response to Jennings  tweet:I always try to be polite to people on here but this is a bridge too far. If this joke reflects who you are, you're an asshole.  Robby Starbuck (@robbystarbuck) May 31, 2017Which books so I won't purchase? Wow! A children's book author mocking a child bc he thought his dad was dead! WTF is up w/ these people?!?!  Don't Get Mad (@DontBeSad2017) May 31, 2017Sorry, @KenJennings, unfollow. I don't need the trashy humor. Get that from all directions all day long. Not signing up for more.  Ebookwormy (@Ebookwormy1) May 31, 2017I can't believe anyone as intelligent as you doesn't see the problem with mocking a child any child in this way.  Juli Caldwell (@ImJuliCaldwell) May 31, 2017Let's tell Third Place Books, as listed on his Twitter bio, what we think about supporting this loser! @ThirdPlaceBooks  Lady Liberty (@DutyOfAPatriot) May 31, 2017Haha would you get a load of this guy he actually thinks hes edgy for insulting an 11 year old child.  aidan (@LangNasty) May 31, 2017Even Donald Trump Jr. replied to Jennings  vile tweet attacking his young brother: It takes a real man to pick on an 11 year old. Yet another low from the left, but they will rationalize this away with their usual excuses. https://t.co/JDF3VsVEJ1  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) May 31, 2017Jennings replied to Donald Trump Jr. that he  will kill as many white rhinos as it takes to prove his masculinity to Donald Trump Jr.  How very clever I will kill as many white rhinos as it takes to prove my masculinity to Donald Trump Jr. https://t.co/mm8YzH2NPB  Ken Jennings (@KenJennings) May 31, 2017Facebook users also had plenty to say about Jennings vile remarks about Barron Trump on his Facebook page. Here are a few of their comments to Jennings:Takes a big tough guy to mock a child. A real genius doesn t make fun of a child. Pathetic.For such a smart man you certainly were quick to ruin your writing career. Maybe you and Kathy Griffin can go on an apology tour.You are truly a pile of human excrement .. your publisher should be ashamed.Does it really make you feel like a man to pick on an innocent 11 year old boy? You are a total douche!!!!Jennings you are a spineless sniveling coward. Why don t you talk smack to someone your own size you sick low life scumbag. ",0
10734,CHAOS BREAKS OUT AFTER ILLEGAL ALIEN TOWNHALL SHUTS DOWN: Antifa Thug Arrested and Unmasked [Video],"Chaos broke out after legal Americans and illegal aliens clashed at a town hall in California:The Los Angeles Times put their spin on what happened to make it seem as though  Trump supporters  were the trouble. They downplayed the Antifa anarchist in attendance and other pro-illegal people. It just didn t fit their narrative One of the other issues not addressed in the LA Times article is that these town halls have reportedly been used to teach illegals how to escape deportation and how to  work the system :  Anti-illegal protesters aka American tax payers have characterized it as teaching people who are in the country illegally how to avoid deportation and get federal benefits. Federal benefits and rights? They have no rights and shouldn t be getting ANY federal benefits! Notice how they call the illegal aliens  immigrants Congressman Holds Town Hall to  Explain  (Illegal) Immigrants  Rights:The majority of calls into Rep. Lou Correa s Orange County congressional office are about immigration worries and what the Trump administration s enforcement policies mean for Correa s many Latino constituents. There s a lot of fear in my district.  he said.So the freshman Democrat has held seven town halls, all focused on immigration and explaining immigrants  rights. They ve been peaceful, with representatives from groups such as the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA) and the Mexican Consulate invited to help Correa answer questions.But as the crowd of about 100 people gathered at Santa Ana s Delphi Center on Tuesday evening, Correa knew this time would be different. We had some people there, probably a dozen of them, that immediately had signs that were not complimentary to yours truly,  he said.Two women arguing about immigration issues had already gotten into an altercation outside the town hall. They were cited for assault and battery, and barred by police from going inside.Correa told the crowd inside he would give a short presentation about immigration policy coming out of Washington, and then have a question-and-answer session.About a dozen people were having none of it. Some of the most tense moments came when Correa started talking about green card holders who served in the U.S. military and have since been deported. Ma am, I m trying to be courteous here,  he said as a woman kept speaking over him. As soon as I started speaking, it became very clear they were not going to let me speak,  Correa said Wednesday.  They just got louder and louder. Video of the town hall posted on social media shows people in the crowd yelling  Americans first  and  illegals have no rights. Correa repeatedly asks them to let him speak.  Are you guys going to cooperate, or am I going to have to ask you to leave?  he said.About 15 minutes in, as some in the crowd continued to shout and their attention turned to berating a group of counter-protesters, Correa declared the meeting over.",0
10735,DELUSIONAL HILLARY Calls Her Email Scandal The “Biggest Nothing-Burger Ever”…”They covered It Like It Was Pearl Harbor” [Video],"Hillary Clinton continues on the path to complete and total denial. #CODECON 2017 included a blah, blah, blah session by Clinton. She spews ridiculous victimhood it s embarrassing!  Nobody said don t do this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_nKOL4h0iUThis woman needs to go off into the woods for another walk. ",0
10736,HOUSE ISSUES SUBPOENAS for Key Obama Administration Officials: Unmasking the Unmaskers [Video],"Finally! Remember when Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. ? Well, they just dealt with Susan Rice Susan Rice and former CIA Director John Brennan have been subpoenaed by the House Intelligence Committee for information related to the  unmasking  of the Trump campaign team and others Can you believe it? Will we finally have justice?We know that Susan Rice was a key player in this unmasking and John Brennan is as slippery as they come. Remember how he lied to Congress? Yes, these are the people we re dealing with. Let s hope they finally get to the bottom of SOMETHING The Washington Examiner reports:The House Intelligence Committee has issued seven subpoenas as part of its ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 elections, including one seeking information about Obama s former national security adviser Susan Rice, and her activities related to intelligence documents that named members of the Trump campaign.The Journal s report said the intelligence-related subpoenas are to  seek information on requests  for the unmasking of names by Susan Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan, and United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power.Having subpoenas directed at former members of the intelligence committee could show that Republicans have strengthened their resolve to track down leaks from within the intelligence gathering agencies, such as the leak that described the contents of a phone call between Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak.Susan Rice has been a target on the unmasking for some time so this should be very interesting. Let the games begin!FLASHBACK: SUSAN RICE REFUSES TO TESTIFY: Susan Rice just announced she won t testify before the Senate on the Russian hacking.Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. She gave a very flimsy excuse for not testifying via her lawyer:Rice considered the invitation a  diversionary play  to distract attention from the investigation into Russian election interference, including contacts between Trump allies and Russians during the campaign, the source said.That s ridiculous! Could it REALLY be that she doesn t want to testify under oath? Ya think!According to CNN, Barack Obama s national security adviser turned down a request from Sen. Lindsey Graham to participate in the hearing. Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter (SEE BELOW) that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses,  Rice s lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in a letter to Graham.  Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify. Rice was the administration official who made the dozens of requests seeking to unmask the identities of Trump associates, which she said were for national security reasons and not politically motivated Read more: Daily Caller",0
10737,KATHY GRIFFIN Gets Very Bad News from CNN After ‘Trump Beheading’ Photo,"YOU RE FIRED! Yes, CNN has fired Kathy Griffin from hosting their New Year s Eve program. After tons of pressure, the network had to finally make a move what took them so long?The network made the announcement via Twitter Wednesday morning:CNN has terminated our agreement with Kathy Griffin to appear on our New Year s Eve program.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) May 31, 2017 CNN has terminated our agreement with Kathy Griffin to appear on our New Year s Eve program    CNN Public Relations A spokesman for Griffin said she would have no comment beyond the apology video she posted on Tuesday.The termination comes after Griffin posted a photo and video of her holding a fake severed head of President Trump. After social media went crazy, she apologized for the photo and video, saying it went too far. She then removed it from her Twitter account. She had made it as part of a photo shoot with famed photographer Tyler Shields.President Trump tweeted out about the photo early on Wednesday, writing that Griffin  should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11-year-old son Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick! Read more: Variety ",0
10738,BOMBSHELL CASE: Illegal Alien Voting Cover-Up Exposed as Virginia Governor Blamed for Thousands Casting Ballots,"Thank goodness for President Trump s new commission because the latest finding on voter fraud is just the tip of the voter fraud iceberg:HERE S WHAT S GOING ON:When Maureen Erickson registered to vote in Prince William County, she listed her home address as a street in Guatemala, in what should have been a very strong indication that she wasn t a regular Virginia resident. Yet she remained on the voting rolls for years, and even cast ballots in 14 different elections, up through the 2008 presidential contest. She was only purged in 2012, just ahead of the election, after she self-reported as a noncitizen, according to a new report released Tuesday by the Public Interest Legal Foundation. Ms. Erickson was one of more than 5,500 noncitizens who were registered to vote in Virginia this decade, and were only bumped from the rolls after they admitted to being ineligible. Some 1,852 of them even managed to cast ballots that were likely illegal, though undetected, the PILF, a conservative voter integrity group, said in its report. Just as troubling, the PILF said, was Virginia s efforts to try to hide the information from the public   a problem foundation President J. Christian Adams said began at the very top, with Gov. Terry McAuliffe.  At the instruction of Governor McAuliffe s political appointees, local election officials spent countless resources to prevent this information from spilling into the open,  Mr. Adams said in a statement releasing the report.  From NoVa to Norfolk and all urban and rural points in between, alien voters are casting ballots with practically no legal consequences in response.  READ MORE: WTNEW REPORT:A new report released shortly after the forming of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity finds that more than 5,000 individuals were determined to be non-U.S. citizens registered to vote in Virginia. Dubbed a  sequel  to a similar 2016 effort, the latest study found 5,556 voters were  quietly removed  from the records for reasons related to non-citizenship  between 2011 and May 2017,  according to an advanced look at the findings provided by the Public Interest Legal Foundation (PILF). Of the total registered, one-third of unlawful voters managed to cast ballots leading to a total of more than 7,400 illegal votes cast, according to the report.The organization points out that it was unable to find any evidence that illegal registrations or votes were ever prosecuted.The report details how ineligible individuals are slowly discovered by local officials most often, the authors allege, by accident. Applicants for voter registration are not required to prove they are actual U.S. citizens in Virginia. The vast majority of states only require that people claim to be citizens during registration, PILF notes. The report details, however, that Virginia shares information when a claimed citizen indicates otherwise to a separate state agency. At that point, removal procedures begin:In the absence of regular data-sharing arrangements between federal officials and the Commonwealth, the ability of election officials to identify aliens on the voter rolls is almost nonexistent.The most that happens in Virginia is that an alien on the voter rolls will sometimes tell the state DMV they are not a citizen. Without those leads, counties and municipalities must accept false claims of citizenship on their face.The authors also shared with this reporter examples of how some ineligible noncitizens admitted their immigration statuses at the outset, but were still registered to vote. Some illegal registrants lasted on the rolls for years risking possible deportation until they were discovered.Read more: Breitbart",0
10739,"WHOA! FIRST LADY MELANIA Makes Classy, Yet Blistering Response To Kathy Griffin’s ISIS Inspired Photo Of Decapitated President Trump","Social media erupted yesterday when outspoken comedian Kathy Griffin, posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields where she held a bloodied, decapitated mask of President Trump.Today, Melania Trump questioned Kathy Griffin s mental health in a blistering statement after she posted a photo of her holding a bloodied, decapitated version of President Trump s head.The video posted on Twitter of Griffin holding the decapitated head of President Trump has since been removed. As a mother, a wife, and a human being, that photo is very disturbing,  the first lady said in a statement Wednesday.  When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today, a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it.   Daily CallerPresident Trump took to Twitter to respond to the unbelievably vile comedian Kathy Griffin. Trump s tweet also reminded Griffin that he has an 11-year old son who has the ability to see her disgusting depiction of his father s bloodied, decapitated head:Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017",0
10740,"RUSH LIMBAUGH: This Group is “Roadblocking” Trump More Than Any Other With Approval of Over 75,000 Refugees This Year!","Rush Limbaugh nails it in the transcript below but the most disturbing part of the  roadblocking  of Trump is that the refugee resettlement program is to be funded/ expanded  by Congress for fiscal year 2018 and there is  a desire for over 75,000 refugees from mostly Muslim countries THIS year:Republicans in Congress funded the US Refugee Admissions Program at a level for 75,000 refugees to be admitted by September 30th (the last day of this fiscal year):U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services  has begun to expand its interview schedule in the 3rd quarter of the fiscal year,  public affairs officer Marilu Cabrera told HuffPost in a statement on Friday. The Department of Homeland Security is working with the State Department to plan for a  further expansion  through the end of fiscal year 2017, she added.We ve immigrated mostly Muslim refugees since 9/11!Pew: More Muslims Than Christians by 2100Why are we continuing down this path when it s a better solution to keep them in safe zones in their own country? This solution was even proposed by President Trump! Small towns across America are being forever changed by the HUGE influx of Muslims. Please see our latest on this below the Rush Limbaugh transcript.Rush Limbaugh let it rip on the Republicans yesterday with his concern that it s the Republicans who are  roadblocking  the Trump agenda:Transcript:I don t understand how people don t get that it s not just the Democrats in Washington that are roadblocking Trump. I mentioned it earlier.Mitch McConnell says he can t see a way to getting 50 votes for the House Obamacare repeal bill? Now, stop and think here, folks. Back when the only element that we had was the House of Representatives and Republican voters were constantly saying,  Why aren t you doing more to stop Obama? Why aren t you trying to do something to stop Obamacare?  The answer was always,  Well, all we ve got is the House. W-w-we can t get anything through the Senate because the Democrats own the Senate. Obama s in the White House! He ll veto anything if it did make it there. So voters gave Republicans the Senate, and Mitch McConnell said,  Well, the first thing you have to know is it takes 60 votes to do anything in the Senate, and we don t have 60 votes. We only have 52.  And then he would add,  Plus, as long as Obama s still in the White House, all this is academic anyway. He s gonna veto whatever we pass.  So we gave the Republicans the White House and elected Trump. Now the latest story  There s a Wall Street Journal story. You know, I had this sort of cram last night after getting back from being away two days.I saw a Wall Street Journal story about how the Republicans in the House, they just can t! It s just impossible. They re pulling their hair out. They don t know what to do. They just can t find a way to cut any taxes. Because every time they cut a tax over here, they have to find a way to make the money up over there, and they just can t. They re looking at all these various tax cuts proposals and they said,  I   I   I don t know how we re gonna pay for all this. So the Republican Party, which is ostensibly the party of the president   and they owe their majority to him, particularly the Senate   are roadblocking Donald Trump more than the Democrats are, because the Democrats cannot. The Democrats don t have the votes in the House to stop Trump. The Democrats don t have the votes in the Senate to stop Trump, although there is the 60-vote cloture requirement. It s not the Democrats standing up and saying,  We are not gonna help. We re gonna stand in the way of any foolish tax cut you propose. It s the Republicans standing up and saying,  I just don t see how we re   there s no room here. I don t know how we re gonna lower rates when you have this exemption over here and you have this exemption there.  And I just read this stuff and I shake my head. They don t want to cut taxes. Either they don t want to cut taxes institutionally, they don t want to cut taxes economically, or they just don t want to do the heavy lifting. I don t know what it is. My guess is they don t want to help Trump.Now, you would think Trump figures this out, but he doesn t give any evidence of it. Like he tweeted something:  U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get health care and tax cuts approved fast and easy. Democrats would do it no doubt.  He s talking about getting rid of the 60-vote requirement to shut off debate and just go to simple majority on every bill. Does he know that it s the Republicans that are the roadblock here? He has to know, and certainly if he s got people around him who know.Now, I could understand if he doesn t want to go public and start an internecine battle between the White House and the Republicans on Capitol Hill, you know, keep that for back channels and behind the scenes. The Wall Street Journal had a picture of the chairman of Ways and Means Committee and Paul Ryan standing there and all these guys and the headline:  Republicans Find Yet Another Way to Cut Taxes on the Rich. They just don t see how they can do it. It s incredible. It really is incredible. Because, of course, there s a way. They just don t want to do it. I think it s all establishment, all the time anti-Trump, throw the media in there as well. But even in the middle of this I can tell you almost assuredly that Trump is not off his game. He s not despondent. He s not sitting there worried about why all these people hate him. He s not worried about all that. He s just head down and moving ahead full speed as he can, not reacting or responding to all this stuff in the media, except when he tweets.REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT CONTINUES! Congress approved funding for the refugee resettlement program! This is NOT good news and is shocking to see that they are keeping the pipeline going on bringing mostly Muslim refugees to America. You have to ask why they continue to ignore this failed boondoggle that the American taxpayers fund each year:It is because most of them work for their big business donors and the Chamber of Commerce to guarantee a steady supply of cheap immigrant labor! Adding insult to injury, your tax dollars support refugee families through the welfare system because wages are too low! You pay for the importation of the labor and for the laborers  support once here!It is really quite a difficult obstacle for us (who wish to see the USRAP reformed) to overcome big businesses and global corporations pushing cheap labor in conjunction with so-called  religious  charities (paid by taxpayers!) claiming this is all about humanitarianism while essentially acting as  head hunters  for big business.Here s HuffPo s latest on the pipeline flowing:The United States appears to be resuming its longstanding efforts to resettle refugees after the program was derailed and almost completely upended abroad for several months.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services  has begun to expand its interview schedule in the 3rd quarter of the fiscal year,  public affairs officer Marilu Cabrera told HuffPost in a statement on Friday. The Department of Homeland Security is working with the State Department to plan for a  further expansion  through the end of fiscal year 2017, she added.",0
10741,PRESIDENT TRUMP Just Responded Directly to #KathyGriffin on ‘Beheaded Trump’ Photo,"President Trump just let comic Kathy Griffin know that she  should be ashamed of herself  for the photo holding a head resembling Trump s. He added that the photo had upset Barron, his 11-year old son. Can you imagine?Griffin  posed with a  beheaded Trump  in a  classless attempt to be edgy. TMZ published a preview of the photo shoot with a video of Griffin holding the  beheaded Trump . Social media immediately exploded with negative comments from both sides of the aisle.Griffin apologized for the photo but did not apologize to President Trump. Here s her lame attempt at an apology:I am sorry. I went too far. I was wrong. pic.twitter.com/LBKvqf9xFB  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017Griffin apologized but NOT to President Trump and his family:  I m a comic. I cross the line. I move the line, then I cross it. I went way too far. The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn t funny. I get it. I ask your forgiveness. In case you haven t seen the photo: Yes, it s disgusting and horrifying! Lame!",0
10742,WINNING! GEORGE SOROS Group Gets Black Eye When Hannity Advertiser Comes Back After Allegedly Pulling Ads Over Seth Rich Story,"The USAA financial services firm is reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity s Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves.The San Antonio, Texas-based company said Tuesday it will also start advertising again on other programs where it had suspended ads, including  Hardball  and  The Rachel Maddow Show  on MSNBC, and Jake Tapper s  The Lead  on CNN.Following Hannity s reporting on (what the AP calls a discredited conspiracy theory) involving the death of a Democratic National Committee staff member, the liberal advocacy group Media Matters last week posted a list of his show s advertisers   and USAA was one of 10 to say it was pulling its commercials. At the time, the USAA said the company s policy was to avoid politically opinionated shows.But many of USAA s customers reacted angrily, and it didn t help when the company s advertising on other opinion shows was pointed out.USAA said it wasn t trying to favor one set of political views over another. We heard concerns from many members who watch and listen to these programs,  USAA said in a statement on Tuesday.  Our goal in advertising has always been to reach members of the military community who would benefit from USAA s well-known commitment to service. Today, the lines between news and editorial are increasingly blurred. The advertising is returning while the company reviews its policy about avoiding the opinion shows.Hannity was due to return to Fox Tuesday following a brief vacation. He had said he would no longer talk about the shooting death of Seth Rich last year following pleas from the man s family, although his network had retracted an online story about Rich because it hadn t met its reporting standards.Brent Bozell, president of the conservative Media Research Center, said he wasn t surprised by USAA s decision,  given the avalanche  of protests. His group was behind mobilizing that backlash, and said its members generated more than 1,600 phone calls to USAA within 48 hours. AP",0
10743,"WOW! SEAN SPICER Destroys BBC, New York Times Reporter…Calls Him Out For Reporting Specific “Fake News” Story…Walks Off Stage [VIDEO]","Here is the Gateway Pundit s  real news  account of Sean Spicer s brilliant press conference today:  Jim Acosta smugly asked,  Can you give me an example of FAKENEWS, Sean? That is when Spicer, never to be henpecked by the MSM, fired back:  ABSOLUTELY JIM. I ll give you an example. Friday the president was having a great discussion at the G7 and someone from the BBC and then the New York times reTweeted that the President was being rude by disrespecting the Italian Prime Minister, when INFACT you all in every one of the meetings that you sit in watch the President with the one earpiece that has been used by other presidents. [ ] And that s the kind of thing that the BBC and then ultimately a reporter whose joining the New York Times push out and perpetuate with no apology! You re shaking your head Peter Peter Baker,  the White House Correspondent for Carlos Slim s Blog, the New York Times, apparently disagreed with the facts.Peter Baker,  the White House Correspondent for Carlos Slim s Blog, the New York Times, apparently disagreed with the facts.Sean:  It s true. You did it. That is when things got more heated, and more hilarious, exposing the true hypocrisy of the MSM when Peter asked Spicer,  Well don t reporters make mistakes? In that simple question, Peter Baker admitting that the BBC and NYT had lied to push an agenda, never apologized, and then tried to back track only after they were called out.Spicer was quick to confront that,  That s just FAKE! Jim tried budding back in, exposing probably the most MSM hypocrisy of the entire briefing: You re making something out of ONE TWEET! he objected.OH, YOU MEAN LIKE EVERY SINGLE BRIEFING WHERE 80% OF IT IS SPENT DISCUSSING TRUMP S TWEETS???After MSM reporters kept asking for a more examples so they could try and backtrack further, Spicer said,  I did not come with a list of things,  [click here for list of fake news stories] before going over the Administration s recent accomplishments and storming out before the reporters could further attempt to bicker with him.",0
10744,NANCY PELOSI GIGGLES LIKE A CHILD: Says It’s Hard to Call Donald Trump President Trump,"Nancy Pelosi couldn t sink any lower than this. She was doing a question and answer when she giggled and said she can t call Donald Trump president Trump. The oddest behavior comes after the giggles. She goes on to brag about her position in the Democrat Party and how she was so looking forward to Hillary s win. It s quite a delusional rant. How can the Democrats be taken seriously when they behave this way? Pelosi isn t the only one. Maxine Waters is a very close second in the wacky category. See the video below this one where she goes ballistic on a woman who said  I love my president .PELOSI GIGGLES LIKE A CHILD:MAXINE WATERS GOES BALLISTIC: The latest video of Maxine Waters is downright hysterical! She s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that President Trump isn t impeached and that Waters is impeached.  Mad Max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  You can t impeach a woman of Congress Constituent:  Well I just want to talk about your representation in Washington and our President as well.Waters:  I can t stand him! He s the most horrible man I ve ever seen in my life! Constituent:  I love my President. Waters:  I m glad you do! Your President is a dishonorable, lying man. He mocked a journalist. I ve never seen a grown man do that! He talked about grabbing women by the private parts. He s lies everyday. He s in bed with Putin and the Russians about oil! And everybody around him are allies with the Kremlin and with the Oligarchs of Russia. They re gonna take us down! NEW: Constituent confronts Maxine Waters:  I m going to work every day to make sure that [Trump] isn t impeached and that you re impeached.  pic.twitter.com/Bcv55wmpJx  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 30, 2017 The video is hysterical because you know she never ever is confronted by someone. ",0
10745,"DONALD TRUMP JR. Blasts “Comedian” KATHY GRIFFIN After She Poses In Gruesome Photo Holding President Trump’s Bloody, Decapitated Head","The outspoken comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer Tyler Shields in which she is holding a bloodied mask of President Trump.***WARNING***Photo is graphic and could be confused with an act of terror by an ISIS terrorist:Here s the gruesome ISIS inspired video that Griffin posted to Twitter:https://twitter.com/kathygriffin/status/869654650844098562TMZ published the gory photo from Griffin s photo session with the famed Shields, known for his shocking pictures.  FOXIt didn t take long for the son and father of 5 of President Donald J. Trump s grandchildren to react to the ISIS-like photo liberals like  comedian  Kathy Griffin think is funny Donald Trump Jr. is blasting Kathy Griffin, and all liberals, for her photo op with a bloodied mask of President Trump   but admits he s not all that shocked.Don Jr. called the gory Tyler Shields shot of Kathy    Disgusting but not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. He also said,  Imagine a conservative did this to Obama as POTUS?   TMZDonald Trump Jr. isn t immune from the hateful, and intolerant left. Only one week before the election, liberal rag magazine Esquire published a story using this bloodied a photo of Donald Trump Jr., a father of five young children simply because he is the son of a man who dared to shake up the system and challenge the rightful heiress to the American throne.The Esquire article was titled:We re just saying that people are saying it.After Kathy Griffin got HAMMERED by Twitter users for her sick and very distasteful photo op, she responded by saying she s not apologizing, she s simply using a bloodied, decapitated head to  mock  our President:https://twitter.com/kathygriffin/status/869655312239697920Twitter users who didn t find any humor in the photo that more closely resembled an act of terror than an act of humor responded to the vile  comedian :It wasn t so long ago that Griffin was seen smiling on a Trump golf course in a photo with Donald Trump s arm around her. But that was before he became president and threatened her small-minded world.Twitter wasn t the only social media outlet who went after Griffin. Greg Locke, a popular pastor who posts commentary videos related to current social issues on Facebook really let Kathy Griffin have it. Watch:",0
10746,NOT FUNNY! DRUDGE Calls Out Comedian #KathyGriffin for Tasteless ‘Beheading’ Trump Picture,"Kathy Griffin probably thought this would be great publicity for her. Nope, not funny not funny at all. Twitter was abuzz over the photo shoot by  shock photographer  Tyler Shields of Kathy Griffin holding a  beheaded  Trump. Drudge Report called Griffin out on her tasteless photos and even liberals took to twitter to voice their outrage in tweets below.Does anyone at all find that funny? Nope we didn t think so. Check out the twitter responses on this photo shoot   literally EVERYONE is going after her! The best tweet so far: TMZ got the scoop on the disgusting photo shoot by  edgy  photographer Tyler Shields. It s too bad Harvey Levin didn t refuse to promote this horror. We hope this gets Griffin a pink slip from CNN. Not funny!1/ I caption this  there was blood coming out of his eyes, blood coming out of his wherever  Also @tylershields great Photog/film maker. pic.twitter.com/eKqr44NOl6  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017",0
10747,WHY IT’S GOOD NEWS For Conservatives That Bitter Hillary Can’t Shut Up About Losing [VIDEO],"As a Wellesley graduate, I was shocked and dismayed by Hillary Clinton s commencement address. Actually, that is #FakeNews. I was neither shocked nor dismayed by Mrs. Clinton s speech (but I did graduate from Wellesley   with honors!) It was exactly the kind of self-pitying, leaden and all-about-me performance that I would have expected from the entitled former Democrat candidate and now sore loser.Watch a few of Hillary s greatest hits during her commencement speech at Wellesley College:Also, it revealed this: Hillary hasn t learned a thing. As her friend Mike Bloomberg recently told an audience of Harvard Business School grads   Hillary lost the election because she had absolutely no message. She still doesn t.In addition, she is utterly lacking in self-awareness. She spoke at length about what she sees as a  full-fledged assault on truth and reason,  telling the graduating seniors that  the future of America, indeed the future of the world, depends on brave, thoughtful people like you insisting on truth and integrity right now every day.  This, from a woman who ran for our nation s highest office while distrusted by nearly two-thirds of the country, with good reason.As long as Mrs. Clinton and her loyalists blame James Comey, Vladimir Putin, sexism and the alt-right for her loss, Democrats will never rebuild their bridges to the working class Americans who elected Donald Trump.In her remarks, Hillary criticized  people    aka Trump followers, presumably   on social media for  sowing division at a time when we desperately need unity,  and then proceeded to give a highly partisan and divisive speech.Did she ever consider that there might be families in the audience who voted for her opponent? That they might not enjoy her taking veiled potshots at President Trump, and that this was their daughters  day too?Echoing the liberal media, Hillary went after President Trump through innuendo and clich s, talking about the dangers of fomenting fear and of  alternative facts.  Good thing there was no Q&A; someone might have wanted further clarification of how she came under sniper fire in Bosnia, or how a video caused the Benghazi attack or how the Monica Lewinsky scandal stemmed from a  vast right-wing conspiracy  and not Bill Clinton s unruly libido.Hillary trod dangerous pathways as she remarked,  when people in power invent their own facts and attack those who question them, it can mark the beginning of the end of a free society.  She is correct, of course, but a cursory review of her multiple dodges and lies about her mishandling of classified information and efforts to destroy evidence reveals a woman who fully earned her low trustworthiness ratings from Americans.The election is over, but Hillary cannot let it go. This is good news for Republicans. As long as Mrs. Clinton and her loyalists blame James Comey, Vladimir Putin, sexism and the alt-right for her loss, Democrats will never rebuild their bridges to the working class Americans who elected Donald Trump.Hillary Clinton missed an opportunity at Wellesley. She could have delivered a message of unity, and helped our anxious country begin to heal. Her followers need to see her putting country above politics; they need to see her as she briefly appeared at the inauguration, supporting the peaceful and legitimate transfer of power. Apparently, that is just too heavy a lift for Mrs. Clinton. She is happier nursing her wounds, and continuing to inflict them on the country.The former First Lady could also have talked about the dramatic changes taking place in our economy, and how women are thriving as entrepreneurs. She could have talked about the founders of Rent the Runway, or Sarah Blakely, who created Spanx, or Essie Weingarten, who bet her life s savings on a new idea and created a nail polish empire sold to L Oreal in 2010. These women are inspirational; they didn t shatter glass ceilings, they ignored them. It is true we need women in politics, and running NGOs, but we also need women making money and boosting the economy. That s where the funding for free college tuition and refugee services comes from   a lesson Hillary may never have learned.The New York Times tells us that the students cheered Mrs. Clinton  thunderously.  Of course they did. They have been weaned on courses like  Love and Intimacy  in the Women s and Gender Studies department or  Changing Gender Constructions in the Modern Middle East  in the History Department. There s nothing wrong with those studies, unless they crowd out learning how the progressive policies of Bernie Sanders and Mrs. Clinton have failed in France, for instance, leading to a stagnant economy with few opportunities for progress. Or how capitalism has delivered billions from poverty, including in Communist China, where the growth miracle of recent decades was facilitated by policies that encouraged entrepreneurship and private enterprise.Hillary Clinton missed some history lessons too, apparently. She alluded to Nixon s presidency which  would eventually end in disgrace with his impeachment for obstruction of justice.  That isn t true, of course; Nixon resigned from office. It was her husband Bill who was impeached. Amazing she would get that wrong, in delivering what was sure to be a much-reviewed address. Maybe a little too much of that Chardonnay, Mrs. Clinton?  FOX NewsFor more visit LizPeek.com. Follow her on Twitter@LizPeek.",0
10748,CNN ANCHOR Pouts After Russia Narrative Destroyed: “How much crow are you going to eat?” [Video],How obvious can she be? Alison Camerota interviewed former NH Governor John Sununu and decided to do some pouting when she didn t hear what she wanted to. The discussion was about the Trump-Russia fake news Camerota:  You should be concerned if there was collusion and that s what Congress-Sununu:  I don t see any evidence of collusion. Do you? Camerota:  No. Sununu:  Ok that should end your reporting right there! You should put an exclamation point after your  No ! Camerota went on to say that we re still at the beginning of the investigation despite the fact that we are several months in.Sununu:  You re seven months into the investigation! You re seven months! How much crow are you going to eat? We have to agree! How much longer is this charade going to go on?It s being reported today that it was the Russians that asked for a  back channel  with Kushner. Kushner has agreed to testify on the matter. President Trump is totally backing his son-in-law calling him a  good person .,0
10749,MELANIA TRUMP Proves ‘Dressing Well Is The Best Revenge’ To Designers Who Wouldn’t Dress Her,"If you weren t convinced of the fabulousness of First Lady Melania Trump before her 9-day foreign trip, you re certainly aware now. Not only did she dress impeccably but it was obvious that this wise woman put so much thought into what she would wear on this overseas trip. Who wasn t proud to see our beautiful and smart First Lady in appropriate and stylish outfits every day. She won us over in a big way and made the designers who refused to dress her look like schmucks. She needs no one to hold her hand to put together a wardrobe If anything, First Lady Melania Trump proved to the naysayers that you can be beautiful AND smart Well done!Richard Johnson of the New York Post: Melania Trump is proving to the fashion designers who said they wouldn t help her that dressing well is the best revenge.The first lady s trip to Saudi Arabia, the Vatican, Belgium and Sicily   wearing mostly Dolce & Gabbana   was a fashion tour de force that has forced many naysayers in the rag trade to rethink.The list of designers who said they wouldn t dress Melania is long, led by Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs, Zac Posen, Christian Siriano and Sophie Theallet.But Melania has managed to look smashing in dozens of different ensembles, from her white Ralph Lauren jumpsuit on election night to the D&G 3-D floral coat she wore in Sicily on Friday.Defending the former model against critics who harped on the garment s $51,500 cost, the Washington Post s Robin Givhan opined,  Frankly, the floral coat is beautiful. Givhan gets that Melania Trump is one smart woman who coordinated her fashion according to the place she was visiting:Givhan reported:  Clothes can be deeply symbolic. And Trump s choice of Dolce & Gabbana   an Italian brand that has been deeply inspired by Sicilian culture   for a trip to Sicily makes sense. Gabbana also has been quite vocal and enthusiastic in his willingness to associate his brand with the first lady There is a softening, a melting,  stylist Phillip Bloch told me.  Fashion people are fickle and fake. They are starting to see she is a beautiful woman who is married to the president, and it is an honor to dress her. Deliveries to Trump Tower have picked up.  Most days, the lobby is brimming with wardrobe boxes delivered for Melania,  a source told me.  Once she tries on the outfits and decides what she will keep, the boxes come back downstairs. Not since Jacqueline Kennedy has there been a first lady who needs less help. She doesn t need couture. She can buy off the rack, and it looks beautiful,  Bloch said.  She knows her size, and she knows what works on her. She luxuriates in minimal. Read more NYP",0
10750,THE LITTLEST MARINE Describes Meeting President Trump at Arlington: Awesome! [Video],"Gold Star family Brittany Jacobs and her 6-year-old son Christian who met President Trump yesterday:Meet Gold Star family Brittany Jacobs and her 6-year-old son Christian who met President Trump yesterday at @ArlingtonNatl pic.twitter.com/gWaBQQ5SLA  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) May 30, 2017OUR REPORT AND PHOTOS FROM THE SPECIAL MEETING YESTERDAY:A young boy and his mom were visiting the grave of their fallen Marine when President Trump walked up to them. The photos are priceless:Brittany Jacobs and her 6-year-old son Christian Jacobs met President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in Section 60 of Arlington National Cemetery. Christian was eight-months-old when his Marine dad, Sgt. Christopher James Jacobs, was killed in action.THIS IS SO SPECIAL!A MEMORY TO LAST FOREVER!HIGH-FIVE! If you d like to contribute to Christian s education fund, you can donate via PayPal by clicking here or mail contributions to:SECU P.O. Box 109 Hertford, NC 27944",0
10751,WATCH MAXINE WATERS Go Ballistic When Confronted By A Constituent Who Says “I love my President” [Video],"The latest video of Maxine Waters is downright hysterical! She s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that President Trump isn t impeached and that Waters is impeached.  Mad Max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  You can t impeach a woman of Congress Constituent:  Well I just want to talk about your representation in Washington and our President as well.Waters:  I can t stand him! He s the most horrible man I ve ever seen in my life! Constituent:  I love my President. Waters:  I m glad you do! Your President is a dishonorable, lying man. He mocked a journalist. I ve never seen a grown man do that! He talked about grabbing women by the private parts. He s lies everyday. He s in bed with Putin and the Russians about oil! And everybody around him are allies with the Kremlin and with the Oligarchs of Russia. They re gonna take us down! NEW: Constituent confronts Maxine Waters:  I m going to work every day to make sure that [Trump] isn t impeached and that you re impeached.  pic.twitter.com/Bcv55wmpJx  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 30, 2017 The video is hysterical because you know she never ever is confronted by someone. ",0
10752,HILLARY APPEARS Wearing “Anti-Seizure” Sunglasses (Again) In Memorial Day Parade,"Remember when experts came out after Hillary collapsed following her visit to the 9-11 memorial in NYC and revealed that the odd blue-colored sunglasses Hillary was sporting that day are used by epileptic patients to avoid having a seizure.Who could forget Hillary s bizarre collapse that day, when her legs began to buckle and secret service agents grabbed her arms and threw her into the vehicle. It was almost as though the people around Hillary were well practiced in how to toss her into the vehicle before the cameras could catch her having a seizure only months before the election.Watch: Infowars   Hillary was seen wearing the blue sunglasses during the 9/11 memorial in New York City where she later collapsed from complications stemming from her numerous health issues.Given her lack of fashion concerns   she s regularly seen wearing pantsuits everywhere she goes   it s unlikely her blue sunglasses were meant as a fashion statement.Epileptic patients often wear Zeiss Z1 blue lenses in particular because they are effective at treating photosensitive epilepsy. The Z1 lens is highly effective in controlling photoparoxysmal response in a very large number of photosensitive epilepsy patients irrespective of their epilepsy or antiepileptic drug treatment,  according to a 2006 studypublished in Epilepsia.  The lens might become a valid resource in the daily activity of any clinician who cares for patients with epilepsy. Hillary experiences seizures from flashing lights, such as camera flashes at public events, according to sources inside the Secret Service who spoke to Infowars.Hillary Clinton appeared in Chappaqua, NY in their Memorial Day parade as a float with her husband Bill, the former president and rapist. The former presidential candidate was seen wearing the same bizarre blue-colored sunglasses that she wore on 9-11.Bill & Hillary Clinton & Gov Cuomo at Memorial Day parade pic.twitter.com/rxSaTOxzgg  Michael Grabell (@MichaelGrabell) May 29, 2017Here s Hillary again waving to the crowd as though she s already campaigning for 2020. Bill s just happy to not have to be cooped up in the same house with her for a couple of hours. .@HillaryClinton wearing anti-seizure Zeiss Z1 sunglasses at Chappaqua Memorial Day parade. pic.twitter.com/T0fvT4WN60  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 29, 2017Here s a great shot of the happy couple:They look well. pic.twitter.com/0I1ETh41ta  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 30, 2017The Daily Mail asked Josh Caplan of Vessel News if they could use his photo of Hillary for a story:Hi @joshdcaplan, can the Daily Mail use this image with a credit to you? Thanks!  MailOnline Pictures (@MailOnline_Pics) May 29, 2017Here is Caplan s hilarious response: Only if you note her anti-seizure sunglasses. Sick Hillary may run in 2020, so it's important your readers know extent to how unwell she is. https://t.co/z05G8xTEtf  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 29, 2017",0
10753,PRICELESS! Young Boy and Mother of Fallen Marine Shocked to See President Trump At Arlington Cemetery [Video],"Families of fallen soldiers were surprised today when President Trump and VP Pence made an unexpected visit to section 60 at Arlington National Cemetery. This area is where the graves of Iraq, Afghanistan war soldiers are laid to rest. The mother of a fallen Marine was shocked to see the President and Vice President walking around greeting people. It was a special moment but there were other moments that were heartwarming. Please see the touching photos below of the young boy and his mother who met President Trump. Best moment of the day!President Trump Makes Special Trip to Graves of Iraq, Afghanistan War Soldiers https://t.co/1RKWlgmT5h pic.twitter.com/deQa3B1YXU  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 29, 2017A young boy and his mom were visiting the grave of their fallen Marine when President Trump walked up to them. The photos are priceless:Brittany Jacobs and her 6-year-old son Christian Jacobs met President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in Section 60 of Arlington National Cemetery. Christian was eight-months-old when his Marine dad, Sgt. Christopher James Jacobs, was killed in action.THIS IS SO SPECIAL!A MEMORY TO LAST FOREVER!HIGH-FIVE!",0
10754,POLICE REFUSED To Believe German Man’s Emergency Call Saying Girlfriend Was Being Raped By Refugee With Machete While Camping,"The ban, which also applies to women and children and elderly relatives from war torn countries, has been put in place for two years after the country revealed the crisis will cost  37bn in 2017.Now just days after the Bundestag voted to speed up deportation and mandatory finger printing, it s emerged they have outlined the country needs 300,000 people a YEAR for the next 40 years to stop population decline.  Express UKA major shake up is underway in Germany after police refused to take seriously a 999 call from a young man who called in to say his girlfriend was being raped yards from him.The officer who took the call did not believe the desperate man on the other end of the line, and said:  You are not messing with me I hope? The terrified boyfriend had been threatened with a machete when the Ghanaian refugee entered the tent he shared with his girlfriend at a campsite near Bonn and told to remain where he was.But the boyfriend had a hard time getting police to take him seriously. Hmm,  was the first reaction from the female police officer on the line.  Where exactly is this rape happening?  she added.The man was forced to watch as the attacker violated his 23-year-old partner   and the police never arrived.The 26-year-old boyfriend eventually scooped her up and began walking with her along a main road looking for help.He called police a second time   and again they did not take their account of what happened at face value.Finally, nearly 30 minutes later, officers arrived and the victim was taken to hospital.Frank Piontek, spokesman for the Bonn Police, conceded that the  incoming official in the control centre, after our findings, did not initially correctly categorize the circumstances of the first call and reacted inappropriately in her language. The second call was also not handled properly, he added, saying a major review of procedures is underway following the attack in April.A photofit picture of the attacker led to his arrest and DNA testing confirmed his guilt.A CD player he stole from the tent was found at his refugee centre.He tried to flee when police moved in to arrest him, flinging a rucksack at one officer.It turned out that the backpack was stolen from a barbecue party shortly before the rape occurred.  Daily MailWelcome to the violent new Germany, thanks to Chancellor Angela Merkel, the woman who snubbed President Trump on his recent visit over his views on tightening immigration into America from terror nations, as he bravely stands in the face of liberal opposition determined to protect the safety of United States citizens. ",0
10755,“I’LL PUT A BULLET IN YOUR HEAD!” Scuffle Breaks Out Between TX Legislators After GOP Rep Calls ICE On Angry Illegal Aliens Who Crashed Chambers To Protest Sanctuary Cities Ban [VIDEO],"AUSTIN   A shoving match and war of words nearly turned into a fistfight on the Texas House floor Monday, the final day of a bitterly contentious 140-day legislative session. This session has been very, very difficult,  said Rep. Celia Israel, D-Austin.  There are enough of us here who remember a time in Texas when respect and decorum ruled the day. Those rules flew out the House door when a group of protesters crashed the chamber s gallery Monday, chanting opposition to the so-called sanctuary cities ban. Legislators approved a bill this year that would force local governments to enforce federal immigration laws, what opponents call a show-me-your-papers law.Angry illegal aliens flooded the Texas State Capitol building. They can be seen flooding the capitol building in the video below.""Greg Abbott escucha! Estamos en la lucha!"" #txlege #sb4 pic.twitter.com/2PTMXrJiSb  James Barrag n (@James_Barragan) May 29, 2017As they protested, Latino Reps. Ramon Romero and Cesar Blanco, both Democrats, waved to the noisy crowd. Republican Matt Rinaldi of Irving, a fervent supporter of the anti-immigration legislation, approached the Latino Democrats. They said Rinaldi told them he had called U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to report the protesters, who were largely Hispanic.The Democrats were enraged. A shoving match ensued, and lawmakers accused one another of making violent threats.  Rinaldi said a Democrat eventually threatened to  come get  him. Rep. Justin Rodriguez, D-San Antonio, who didn t witness the initial altercation, said he later heard Rinaldi say,  I ll put a bullet in your head,  to the Democrat he alleged was menacing.  Dallas NewsHere is Republican legislator Matt Rinaldi s response to the accusation by Democrat legislator Justin Rodriguez:A statement regarding today. pic.twitter.com/M0BcBXa43P  Matt Rinaldi (@MattRinaldiTX) May 29, 2017Illegal aliens have been living in our nation without any fear of repercussions for their actions for over a decade now. That was before we had a president who took illegal immigration seriously. Trump s strong position of illegal immigrants has given local lawmakers some hope of restoring law and order to states like Texas that are overwhelmed with an exploding illegal immigration population.",0
10756,MSNBC “ANALYST” Shocks Host When He Makes Outrageous Claim About Jared Kushner: “That’s a major allegation. I mean that’s kind of a stretch” [Video],"Naveed Jamali is supposed to be a professional analyst on MSNBC but we re guessing that s just too much to ask of these news hacks. He makes the claim that Jared Kushner is a double agent for the Russians! He goes on to make claims about others in the Trump administration with ZERO evidence! To say this is way past crazy is an understatement! The liberal media must have all gotten their orders to saturate the airwaves with horrible lies about Trump s inner circle. This is dangerous stuff because there is no evidence at all but people will come away with a tainted view of Kushner no matter what happens.Jamali:  You look for patterns and this is a clear pattern emerging. It s a pattern that shows a consistent effort to deceive. And when you have that, there s only one conclusion you can draw, again from an intelligence standpoint that this man (Jared Kushner) was either a Russian agent, either aspiring to be a Russian agent or was in fact a Russian agent.Ruhle:  Hold on, this man being Jared Kushner? You really think he wants to be a Russian agent? Why would he be a Russian agent? That s a major allegation. I mean that s kind of a stretch, This is bonkers! ",0
10757,BOOM! HARRIS FAULKNER Blows Up The Russia Collusion Theory With One Smart Question [Video],"Fox News  Harris Faulkner BLOWS UP the WHOLE Russia Collusion Theory with ONE SMART QUESTION that we re sure the media will ignore!On Sunday, Fox News anchor Harris Faulkner asked the best question to those who believe both, that there was collusion and that Jared Kushner had or reached out for a secret back channel with Russia after the election: If it s true, wouldn t that signify that there was not collusion? Why would you need a back channel with the Kremlin if, in fact, you already had several established?  Faulkner s comments are approx. at the 24:45 point:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip2AV70piWcThe media is so busy trying to point the finger at Trump or his administration that they can t see logic. It s like a feeding frenzy when those feeding end up eating themselves. This won t end well for Democrats because Americans see the truth. The truth is that Obama spied on Americans and the FBI is culpable.As we listen 24/7 to the fake news and fake outrage about Russia spying and stealing our election, the news clip below gets to the REAL scandal that no one is reporting on:JAMES ROSEN: Pelosi confessed ignorance of this week s disclosure that the National Security Agency for at least five years under the Obama administration systematically violated Americans  Fourth Amendment rights Civil liberties groups said the disclosures should factor into lawmakers  decision at year s end about whether to reauthorize the NSA collection program that witnessed the abuses The sheer scale of the 4th Amendment violations is staggering, as was the sternness of the rebuke of the Obama administration by the FISA court, which ordinarily approves 99.9% of the government s request.As of a few minutes ago, this story had not been covered by the Washington Post, the New York Times or any of the three broadcast networks.Comey s FBI broke its own rules ",0
10758,FOX NEWS’ JAMES ROSEN: “Sheer Scale” of Obama Spying Against Americans “Staggering” [Video],"As we listen 24/7 to the fake news and fake outrage about Russia spying and stealing our election, the news clip below gets to the REAL scandal that no one is reporting on:JAMES ROSEN: Pelosi confessed ignorance of this week s disclosure that the National Security Agency for at least five years under the Obama administration systematically violated Americans  Fourth Amendment rights Civil liberties groups said the disclosures should factor into lawmakers  decision at year s end about whether to reauthorize the NSA collection program that witnessed the abuses  The sheer scale of the 4th Amendment violations is staggering, as was the sternness of the rebuke of the Obama administration by the FISA court, which ordinarily approves 99.9% of the government s request. As of a few minutes ago, this story had not been covered by the Washington Post, the New York Times or any of the three broadcast networks.Comey s FBI broke its own rules ",0
10759,NEWT GINGRICH Gives Best Ever Solution to Stop WH Leaks! [Video],"Newt Gingrich:  You start putting a few people in jail, you ll see the leaks dry up dramatically.  Gingrich is saying what so many Americans are thinking! President Trump needs to bring down the hammer on these leakers!.@newtgingrich:  You start putting a few people in jail, you ll see the leaks dry up dramatically.  pic.twitter.com/hIouoVMTgm  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 28, 2017JUDGE JEANINE RECENTLY SAID THAT THE ONE BIG PROBLEM THAT TRUMP NEEDS TO FIX IS THE LEAKERS:Pirro called on Trump to make every effort to find the leaker in the White House:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53eulMbi9x8A RECENT REPORT FROM BREITBART NEWS: LEAKERS FOUND AND WILL BE DEALT WITH BY THE PRESIDENT:The latest report on the White House leakers raises many questions. The main question to ask is why there are ANY  Obama holdovers  left working at the White House.  Trump should fire them all because it s turning out that they just want to sabotage his presidency!BREITBART NEWS IS REPORTING that at least two separate news organizations have credible information that three distinct leakers have been identified at the White House and that President Donald Trump is expected to fire them when he returns from his first overseas trip. CBS News has confirmed from two sources that three leakers of classified information at the White House have been identified and are expected to be fired,  CBS News reported this week, adding,  Officials within the Trump White House believe leaks of Mr. Trump s conversation with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov are a  deliberate attempt  by officials who are holdovers from President Obama s administration and are trying to damage the Trump presidency. In addition, this week, chief One America News Network (OANN) White House correspondent Trey Yingst also reported that three White House leakers have been identified and referred to the proper authorities.Yingst wrote on Twitter that the three leakers have been carelessly leaking classified information to hurt President Trump politically and that Trump is expected to fire  multiple people  connected with the network of leakers upon his return to the White House.",0
10760,LIVE STREAM: PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Remarks at a Wreath Laying Ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery [Video],"President Trump is scheduled to attend the Wreath Laying Cermony at Arlington National Cemetery today.The President tweeted out a message of thanks on this day to remember: Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families & God bless the USA! The President s remarks are scheduled for approximately 10:55 a.m.CSPAN:Earlier this morning, VP Pence attended the Project Hero Bike Ride at the Naval Observatory: Thank you, Project Hero, for the new biking jerseys for Karen and me. May you all have a safe ride to Virginia Beach!Thank you, Project Hero, for the new biking jerseys for Karen and me. May you all have a safe ride to Virginia Beach! #MemorialDay pic.twitter.com/Ja0SCPkcAJ  Vice President Pence (@VP) May 29, 2017Today all Americans show their thanks to the generations of brave men & women who gave the last full measure of devotion for our freedom.Today all Americans show their thanks to the generations of brave men & women who gave the last full measure of devotion for our freedom. pic.twitter.com/4SPTACDCva  Vice President Pence (@VP) May 29, 2017",0
10761,AWESOME! SECRETARY OF STATE Rex Tillerson at Rolling Thunder 2017! [Video],"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was a participant in Rolling Thunder 2017! What a great show of support! Candidate Donald Trump was at the event last year. His speech to the crowd was a heartfelt call for more concern for our veterans and a vow to rebuild the military.Secretaryof State Rex W. Tillerson at Rolling Thunder 2017!!!! @cnn @msnbc pic.twitter.com/gZ6EZWToRs  Victor Martinez (@vjmar1) May 28, 2017 REX TILLERSON AT ROLLING THUNDER 2017!Secretaryof State Rex W. Tillerson at Rolling Thunder 2017!!!! @CNN pic.twitter.com/hEYrBid93x  Victor Martinez (@vjmar1) May 28, 2017REX TILLERSON AT ROLLING THUNDER 2017!Secretaryof State Rex W. Tillerson at Rolling Thunder 2017!!!! @cnn pic.twitter.com/8mV7xe3bQ7  Victor Martinez (@vjmar1) May 28, 2017HERE S A PREVIOUS REPORT ON  T REX  WHEN HE WAS ANNOUNCED AS SOS: The 64-year-old veteran oil executive has no government or diplomatic experience. The pick would put to rest weeks-long speculation of who would earn the post as the U.S. s top diplomat, and would place Tillerson fourth in line to the presidency.Tillerson is a surprising choice, particularly for establishment political forces who urged Trump to select Mitt Romney for the job. It also shows that Trump will start fresh with his diplomatic team, rather than selecting a life-long politician. Tillerson has spent his life in the private sector, working with Exxon-Mobil and has business relationships around the world.OUR FIRST BIKER SECRETARY OF STATE!TILLERSON COMES RIDING THROUGH THE SHOT AT THE 1:53 POINT:",0
10762,"SICK! DEMOCRAT ORGANIZER, Mayor DeBlasio Employee Arrested On CHILD PORN Charges: Possessed Videos Of Female BABIES As Young As 6 Months Involved In Sex Acts","Last week it was Huma Abedin s husband Anthony Weiner, this week, it s a Democrat organizer and employee of Democrat Mayor of NYC Bill DeBlasio, 29 year old Jacob Schwartz.A leading young Democrat and de Blasio administration employee has a secret taste for sickening kiddie porn that involves baby girls as young as 6 months old, court papers revealed Friday.Jacob Schwartz, 29, was busted for allegedly keeping more than 3,000 disgusting images and 89 videos on a laptop after downloading the filth from the internet.  NYPAccording to the NYP: Schwartz s father   labor lawyer and Democratic insider Arthur Schwartz   called his son s case  a personal tragedy. I understand these are serious charges,  said the elder Schwartz, who watched his son get arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court on Thursday night. He s already in therapy for this. ",0
10763,"TRUMP EFFECT? ONLY DAYS AFTER MEETING With President Trump, Pope Francis Delivers SURPRISING Message To Italian Workers","Flashback to February 18. 201: In a remarkable dispute just two days before a pivotal Republican primary, Pope Francis said Donald Trump s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is un-Christian, prompting Trump to respond that it was  disgraceful  for the pope to question his religion. A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian, Francis told reporters Wednesday aboard the papal plane. This is not in the Gospel. The pope s comments were first made public on Thursday. They obviously got to the pope,  Trump said.  He doesn t know me   the Pope heard only one side of the story. In response to Pope Francis  comments, candidate Trump told his supporters that I am a Christian and I am proud of it,  and also attacked the Mexican government for  using the pope as a pawn. There can t be a good economy without good businessmen, without their capacity to create and to produce,  he said, shattering his reputation as an enemy of the free market economy.The Pope recognized that the essential value of work and employment is only possible when companies are sound and successful. Moreover, only an economically healthy society can keep a democracy afloat, he suggested. The world of work is a human priority,  Francis said,  and it s also a priority for the pope. There s always been a friendship between the church and work, starting with Jesus, who was a worker. When work is weakened, it s democracy that enters into crisis,  he said.  There s a social compact. Without denouncing unemployment benefits, Francis insisted that state intervention wasn t a real solution.  A monthly check from the state that allows you to keep the family afloat doesn t solve the problem. It has to be resolved with work for everyone,  he said.",0
10764,JAMES ‘MAD DOG’ MATTIS Is Asked What Keeps Him Up At Night…Gives Epic Answer! [Video],"Secretary of Defense James Mattis was asked in an interview airing Sunday what keeps him up at night His answer is epic! This man is a great choice by President Trump!At the end of an interview on  Face The Nation , Mattis was asked about the variety of threats facing the United States. Interviewer John Dickerson asked Mattis the odd question:  what keeps you awake at night? Without hesitation, Mattis replied,  Nothing, I keep other people awake at night. Fearless! That s what you need in a SOD. 16 BEST QUOTES From General James  Mad Dog  Mattis most revered Marine in a generation  1.  I don t lose any sleep at night over the potential for failure. I cannot even spell the word.  (San Diego Union Tribune)2.  The first time you blow someone away is not an insignificant event. That said, there are some assholes in the world that just need to be shot.  (Business Insider)3.  I come in peace. I didn t bring artillery. But I m pleading with you, with tears in my eyes: If you fuck with me, I ll kill you all.  (San Diego Union Tribune)4.  Find the enemy that wants to end this experiment (in American democracy) and kill every one of them until they re so sick of the killing that they leave us and our freedoms intact.  (San Diego Union Tribune)5.  Marines don t know how to spell the word defeat.  (Business Insider)6.  Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everybody you meet.  (San Diego Union Tribune)7.  The most important six inches on the battlefield is between your ears.  (San Diego Union Tribune)8.  You are part of the world s most feared and trusted force. Engage your brain before you engage your weapon.  (Mattis  Letter To 1st Marine Division)9.  There are hunters and there are victims. By your discipline, cunning, obedience and alertness, you will decide if you are a hunter or a victim.  (Business Insider)10.  No war is over until the enemy says it s over. We may think it over, we may declare it over, but in fact, the enemy gets a vote.  (Defense News)11.  There is nothing better than getting shot at and missed. It s really great.  (San Diego Union Tribune)12.  You cannot allow any of your people to avoid the brutal facts. If they start living in a dream world, it s going to be bad.  (San Diego Union Tribune)13.  You go into Afghanistan, you got guys who slap women around for five years because they didn t wear a veil. You know, guys like that ain t got no manhood left anyway. So it s a hell of a lot of fun to shoot them. Actually it s quite fun to fight them, you know. It s a hell of a hoot. It s fun to shoot some people. I ll be right up there with you. I like brawling.  (CNN)14.  I m going to plead with you, do not cross us. Because if you do, the survivors will write about what we do here for 10,000 years.  (San Diego Union Tribune)15.  Demonstrate to the world there is  No Better Friend, No Worse Enemy  than a U.S. Marine.  (Mattis  Letter To 1st Marine Division)16.  Fight with a happy heart and strong spirit  (Mattis  Letter To 1st Marine Division)Via: WFB",0
10765,"PLOT THICKENS: D.C. POLICE CHIEF Who Oversaw Seth Rich Murder Socialized With Top Democrats, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz","More and more evidence is revealed every day, that points to the real possibility that murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the person who leaked the DNC emails to Wikileaks, and that there is an all-out effort to cover it up, or completely dismiss it as a  tin-foil hat  theory by social media platforms, the leftist media and the Democrat Party. Twitter just suspended the WND account for posting a story that suggested disgraced DNC chief and top Democratic strategist Donna Brazile may have interceded in the Seth Rich murder investigation. In the WND exclusive story titled:Alicia Powe and Liz Crokin wrote the story that was also posted to and deleted from the social media platform by Twitter: Former Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile is the high-ranking DNC representative who allegedly called police and the family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich and demanded to know why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, the private eye revealed to WND Monday. The high-ranking DNC official that called the police after I inquired about Rich s case was Donna Brazile,  veteran homicide detective Rod Wheeler told WND.  Why shouldn t I reveal who it was? Brazile, who was also a CNN contributor and a Hillary for America donor at the time, was caught providing Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton with questions that would later be asked of Clinton at a televised CNN town hall. In an interview with Fox News before the election, Brazile denied leaking the questions to Clinton. But in a March 17, 2017, column for Time magazine, she finally admitted doing so, saying it was a  mistake I will forever regret. According to WND, their Twitter account was suspended because of this Seth Rich investigation bombshell. And now, Big League Politics is reporting associations the DC police chief who resigned only a month after Seth Rich was murdered ran in the same circles as many close to Hillary and top DNC officials. The police chief who oversaw Seth Rich s unsolved murder case has socialized and been honored alongside key Hillary Clinton advisers and even Rich s own boss at the Democratic National Committee. Rich is widely reported to be the source of Wikileaks  damning 2016 email release that showed the DNC colluding to hand the nomination to Clinton at the expense of Bernie Sanders. He was gunned down in D.C. 12 days before Wikileaks  release.On Sunday, July 10, 2016, at approximately 4:19 am, members of the Fifth District DC MPD were patrolling the area when they heard gunshots.  Upon arrival on the scene, members located an adult male victim conscious and breathing, and suffering from gunshot wounds.  The victim was transported to an area hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead.The decedent was identified as 27-year-old Seth Conrad Rich, of Northwest, DC.Controversy continues to swirl around the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich, that detectives working for the MPD under Chief Lanier called a  botched robbery  (even though nothing of any value appeared to have been stolen from Rich s body) after he was shot several times only blocks from his home.Former Metropolitan Police Department chief Cathy Lanier resigned from her post the month after Rich s murder to accept a position running security for the National Football League. She sits on the Washington Police Foundation board alongside Heather Podesta, the D.C. power broker who was married to Clinton campaign chief John Podesta s lobbyist brother Tony.In 2014, Lanier was honored on ELLE magazine s list of the ten most powerful women in Washington alongside top Hillary Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and longtime Clinton friend and informal adviser Neera Tanden. Other honorees included NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogue and Obama Cabinet official Penny Pritzker.Lanier did attend ELLE and Hugo Boss  2015 Women in Washington Power List dinner at the German ambassador s house. Here she is chatting with Clinton crony and Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe.Who else was at the dinner? None other than Amy Dacey, the CEO of the Democratic National Committee at the time of Seth Rich s murder, who resigned one month after the killing as the DNC was rocked with scandal.Who else was at the dinner? None other than then-DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.",0
10766,DONALD RUMSELD HUMILIATES “The View” Dingbat Joy Behar…Calls Her Out For Not Understanding How Presidents Are Elected [VIDEO],"There is no question that Whoopi Goldberg is a talented actress and has the ability to make people laugh, but the gift of comedy that Whoopi used to make herself so popular with her fans has mostly disappeared, and has been replaced with a hostility that is anything but funny. The most painfully ignorant co-host on the show however, is  comedian  Joy Behar. It s been hilarious watching her now admit that she actually misses George W. Bush. Behar has made some embarrassing attempts lately to bond with guests from former members of George W. Bush s cabinet who ve appeared as guests on  The View . Bear is so completely enveloped with hate for President Trump, that she s actually convinced herself that the whole world hates Trump as much as she does. She s gone so far off the deep end, that she truly believes she can convince conservatives like Bush s former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice, who appeared on  The View  last month [Watch HERE] to join her in her never-ending obsession to bash and discredit President Trump. Things didn t work out how Behar planned however, when Condoleezza Rice who gave Behar and her co-hosts an education on how things actually work in government and not how they wished they worked.This time around, it was George. W. Bush s former secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld who appeared on  The View  and gave dingbat Joy Behar an education on how presidents are elected in the United States.WatchWhoopi Goldberg asked Rumsfeld if Trump s presidency was  unique  to which he replied that,  It s different.  Rumsfeld went on to explain how President Trump won in the primaries against some very qualified candidates, and went on to win against a  seasoned, well-known Democrat  Hillary Clinton. Behar pressed on, suggesting that Trump really is not a legitimate president because  he lost by 3 million votes.  Rumsfeld then proceeded to educate the loudmouth, emotional Joy Behar about how presidents are elected. Rumsfeld continued to educate the rest of the dingbats on  The View  who insisted on  engaging in hypotheticals  when it comes to the leftist tin-foil hat theory, that Trump worked with the Russians to affect the outcome of our elections.",0
10767,STUNNING! TERRORISM EXPERT WHO INTERROGATED 9/11 Mastermind Has Warning for Americans [Video],"The video below is more important than ever! After the Berlin attack, Dr. James Mitchell spoke about what has come to be in Europe and warned America about how this could happen to us too!Dr. James Mitchell is the man who interrogated the 9/11 mastermind and is an expert on terrorism. He warns against immigration and political correctness as two things that will lead us to doom. If you doubt Dr. Mitchell, please see the video below this one for more on the truth of what mass migration is really about. Slow down our immigration from these countries    Dr. James MitchellWE VE REPORTED ON THE TRUTH OF WHAT IMMIGRATION IS DOING   IT S A PLAN   IT S A CALIPHATE!Last September, a shocking video was released showing a Muslim Imam speaking before a group. He told the group to breed with Europeans. Yes, the plan is to breed with Europeans until all of Europe is Muslim. THE VIDEO IS BELOW:So now we have a second video from Denmark where an Imam is telling how Muslims are conquering Europe and that Muslims won t integrate into European society. We ve translated the video in the text below.These two videos follow with what we know. The invasion of Europe has a purpose and it s a very dark purpose. Conquering Europe is the end game Is America next?On hidden camera an imam explains how Muslims are  conquering  Europe and that Muslims should not integrate into society.Danish TV2 right now has a program called  Mosques behind the veil  which is focusing on whether a number of mosques discourage or contribute to integration.  Right now we are in a time when we are opening these countries, says Mohammad Fouad al-Barazi, the head imam of the mosque of the Islamic Union in Denmark, in secret recordings from the third episode of  Mosques behind the veil .The Imam speaks to TV2 s mole  Fatima , who is seeking guidance about how she as a newly immigrated Muslim should act in Denmark, and Mohammad Fouad al-Barazi explains that Muslims are now consuming Denmark and Europe.The link to the video is here but it is not translated: NYHEDER VIDEOAccording to experts TV2 has spoken with, the word open in an Islamist meaning is understood as  conquering .  Actually, opening sounds  beautiful , but this is the classic term for conquering a country, explains Professor Tina Magaard, who has studied the Quran and made fieldwork in Muslim communities in Denmark.According to Tina Magaard, some Islamic movements have the will to conquer Europe and the belief that one can.It is backed by a professor at the University of Copenhagen, Thomas Hoffmann, who has studied Islam and Islamic movements.  What al-Barazi says here, means conquest, but need not necessarily be understood as war-like conquest, he said.On hidden camera, Mohammad Fouad al-Barazi, elaborates what he thinks about Muslims  entry into Denmark and Europe.  Now there are Muslim communities throughout Europe. This means that there are a large number of Muslims. A really large number.The Imam tells  Fatma  that since he came to Denmark, many more Muslims have come to Denmark, and it is important that Muslims are not  merged  with the rest of society.  When I came to this country 23 years ago, we were only 55,000 Muslims. Now we are 300,000. The number of Muslims is 300,000 now. Hence the conclusion of this talk is that it is possible to live in this country without melting in. You must understand the conditions, without melting into society, says Mohammad Fouad Al-Barazi in the recordings.Via: nyheder",0
10768,JUDGE JEANINE: “America is Back but the President has ONE HUGE PROBLEM he needs to fix” [Video],"Judge Jeanine Pirro s Opening Statement focused on the one big problem she says President Trump needs to fix..THE LEAKERS!Pirro called on Trump to make every effort to find the leaker in the White House:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53eulMbi9x8LEAKERS FOUND AND WILL BE DEALT WITH BY THE PRESIDENT:The latest report on the White House leakers raises many questions. The main question to ask is why there are ANY  Obama holdovers  left working at the White House.  Trump should fire them all because it s turning out that they just want to sabotage his presidency!BREITBART NEWS IS REPORTING that at least two separate news organizations have credible information that three distinct leakers have been identified at the White House and that President Donald Trump is expected to fire them when he returns from his first overseas trip. CBS News has confirmed from two sources that three leakers of classified information at the White House have been identified and are expected to be fired,  CBS News reported this week, adding,  Officials within the Trump White House believe leaks of Mr. Trump s conversation with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov are a  deliberate attempt  by officials who are holdovers from President Obama s administration and are trying to damage the Trump presidency. In addition, this week, chief One America News Network (OANN) White House correspondent Trey Yingst also reported that three White House leakers have been identified and referred to the proper authorities.Yingst wrote on Twitter that the three leakers have been carelessly leaking classified information to hurt President Trump politically and that Trump is expected to fire  multiple people  connected with the network of leakers upon his return to the White House.",0
10769,MEDIA BUSTED ON LATEST Lie About Trump…Here’s Why It’s So Important [Video],"The press has been lying about President Trump since day one but it s never been more evident than during the 9-day trip the POTUS and FLOTUS just finished.The press claimed that Melania Trump swatted the president s hand away during a walk. Not true!The press decided that the president manhandled a guest at the G7 when he moved forward to take his assigned spot. Not true!The latest lie is that President Trump chose not to listen and not wear headphones during a speech. Not true!The big problem with all of this is that the video of Trump watching the speech went viral and the tweet making the false claim was retweeted thousands of times. The retraction was retweeted about 42 times. Fake news and false allegations against our president end up becoming truth to those who read the fake news put out by the main stream media. In fact, the BBC reporter who put out the video and tweet STILL has the lie up on his twitter page!Here it is below:A short clip that sums up this G7 summit: look who has chosen not to hear a translation of his Italian host s speech #G6 pic.twitter.com/6pXbBlfvof  James Landale (@BBCJLandale) May 27, 2017Frank Luntz tweeted out just how important it is when the press lies   it becomes truth:",0
10770,WOW! GLOBALIST LEADERS Furious Over Trump’s IMPORTANT Decision at G7,"There was a heavy push and big-time lobbying from G7 leaders but President Trump said no to endorsing the Paris Climate Agreement. We hope this means another nail in the coffin of Obama s legacy. Obama set America up to pay a fortune to other nations in this MAJOR boondoggle of a redistribution of wealth to other nations. American taxpayers DO NOT want to pay for this!Trump has stated in the past that he would like to renegotiate the deal but we think he needs to get out of it. He tweeted he ll make his decision next week after saying that the discussion on climate was  very unsatisfying : Whole Discussion on climate was very unsatisfying  #Merkel says after #G7taormina.  No indication whether US will stay in #ParisAgreement . pic.twitter.com/n1BH3LqB6U  Maximilian Hofmann (@maxhofmann) May 27, 2017Even better, Trump s decision upset world leaders like German Chancellor Angela Merkel, desperate to convince the president of the agreement s merits. The Paris deal isn t just any other deal. It is a key agreement that shapes today s globalization,  Merkel said, describing discussions with Trump about climate change  very unsatisfying. Merkel doesn t understand that globalization is exactly why we don t like this boondoggle!For opponents of the agreement, the decision is a welcome development after the president s economic adviser, Gary Cohn, told reporters that Trump was  evolving  on the issue. Trump needs to evolve his way OUT of this  agreement . PULL OUT!Read more: Breitbart",0
10771,“Rise From Your Knees!” Poland’s Prime Minister Tells EU No More Migrants For Poland,"Bravo! Polish prime minister Beata Szydlo just put her foot down! She told the EU that Poland will not be  blackmailed  into accepting thousands of refugees under the EU quota system. Szydlo hammered the weak EU for allowing the slow death of European culture and its people by taking in millions of refugees that are destroying the Western nations financially, socially and culturally. In a fantastic speech before the Polish Parliament, Szydlo urged lawmakers to protect Poland and its children from the scourges of Islamist terrorism and cultural suicide:Where are you headed, Europe? Rise from your knees and from your lethargy, or you will be crying over your children every day.If you cannot see that terrorism has the potential to hurt every country in Europe, and you think that Poland should not defend itself, you are going hand in hand with those who point this weapon against Europe, against all of us.Do we want politicians who say we have to  get used to  terrorist attacks?Prime Minister Beata Szydlo received raucous applause from many members of the Polish parliament, who expressed their approval of her no-nonsense call to action.",0
10772,GOTTA LOVE IT! PRESIDENT TRUMP Refers to Trudeau as ‘Justin from Canada’ [Video],"President Trump referred to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as  Justin from Canada  during his speech to the military at the U.S. Naval Air Station in Sigonella, Italy. I m trying to figure out who s in that helicopter that s coming in It may be Prime Minister Abe. It may be Justin from Canada. Great people. We made a lot of good friends this week. His comment caused a stir on twitter with some tweeting that it sounded like he was referring to the pop singer Justin Bieber: Reporter John Roberts of FOX News and others tweeted out: ",0
10773,IS ANYONE SURPRISED? Hillary Tells Grads What Helped Her “Get Over” The Election Loss That She Really Hasn’t Gotten Over,"Hillary Clinton told a group of graduates how she coped with her election loss Is anyone surprised that she hit the wine bottle to get over it? The only problem is that she just gave an interview full of bitter reasons why she feels she  beat  Donald Trump (see below). This woman is still in denial and still believes she s got a chance to run for ANYTHING!Hillary Clinton just made the claim that she  beat  President Trump in the 2016 election. The bitter and delusional Clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go In a lengthy interview in New York Magazine, Clinton made the claim that she  beat  both Sanders and Trump in the 2016 election: I beat both of them,  she said, evidently referencing her popular vote win over Trump.",0
10774,PRACTICING CATHOLIC Melania Trump Prays Over Sick Little Boy…Hours Later A Miracle Happens [VIDEO],"America is falling in love with Melania Trump. You can t help but notice how Melania lights up every time she is around children. Her trip to a local hospital in Rome was no exception. Melania used her special gift of speaking fluently in 5 languages to speak in Italian to the young patients. Melania shined around the sick children and they responded with smiles. Melania s visit with sick children at the hospital in Rome was captured in this AP video:While the media was busy obsessing over her veil and celebrities ignorantly mocked her modest clothing choice during a trip to the Vatican, the First Lady was busy praying over sick children   and it seems at least one of her prayers may have been answered.In fact, mere hours after Mrs. Trump prayed over a little boy whose heart was failing, doctors told her they had found a donated heart that could end up saving his life. But you won t hear that on your nightly news.After she and her husband, President Donald Trump, visited the Vatican to meet with Pope Francis this week, it came out in the news that Mrs. Trump is, in fact, a practicing Catholic.In their travels to the Holy See, Mrs. Trump also visited a Bambin Ges  Hospital, a Vatican-supported hospital in Rome. There, Melania met with many of the pediatric ward s sick children, taking pictures with them and reading them books before spending some time praying at the hospital chapel, the Daily Mail reported. If that wasn t awesome enough, Mrs. Trump, who s fluent in five languages, also reportedly spoke to the children in their native Italian.The article added she left heartfelt, handwritten messages for the children before she left.But something else very special happened at that hospital   the First Lady also reportedly prayed by the bedside of a little Greek boy who s been waiting on a heart transplant.On Wednesday, just hours after spending time together, FLOTUS tweeted from her official account that she d been told doctors had identified a donor heart for the little boy.  MRCTVA little boy who I visited today & had been waiting for a heart transplant will be receiving one! #Blessings #Faith pic.twitter.com/DZU3ojxXVC  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 24, 2017Melania thanked the doctors and staff for the amazing job they do at the Vatican-supported Bambin Ges  Hospital and asked her 7.2 million followers on Twitter to pray for the patients: Thank you @bambinogesu for the heroic work you do. I ask that everyone keep these amazing children in your thoughts & prayers. pic.twitter.com/UfVAc9lXv2  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 24, 2017The United States is blessed to have a first lady who doesn t just use the church as a backdrop for a photo-op. With the number of people practicing religion in America dropping, it s refreshing to see a first lady, vice president and president who are unafraid to openly and genuinely express their faith to the world ",0
10775,BITTER HILLARY JUST CLAIMED SHE ‘BEAT’ TRUMP: Nigel Evans Has A Message For Her! This is a Must-Watch Video!,"Hillary Clinton just made the claim that she  beat  President Trump in the 2016 election. The bitter and delusional Clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go In a lengthy interview in New York Magazine, Clinton made the claim that she  beat  both Sanders and Trump in the 2016 election: I beat both of them,  she said, evidently referencing her popular vote win over Trump.British politician Nigel Evans has message for anyone, including Hillary, who is in denial. He defends Donald Trump and his supporters in this must-watch video!  The fact is, there were 61 million people who voted for Donald Trump, and when we stand up in this country and attack him, we are actually attacking the American people. Bravo! Thank you Mr. Evans!",0
10776,"DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Schools Jeffrey Tubin: Witch Hunt On Trump Administration is Stalinist…Crimes should be investigated, not people. [Video]","Alan Dershowitz schools his former student Jeffrey Tobin on whether the subject matter is a crime in relation to Jared Kushner: I don t like investigations targeting, hoping we ll find something https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nxlPCwmnJ8 Does this sound like a crime to you? Dershowtiz goes after Carl Bernstein and a CNN panel too:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=9nxlPCwmnJ8",0
10777,PRICELESS! Nancy Pelosi Complains Trump Not Visiting Countries in Alphabetical Order [Video],"Now we know for sure that Nancy Pelosi has lost it!During a press briefing on Thursday, Pelosi criticized the President Trump s visit to Saudi Arabia first during his inaugural foreign trip.  I thought it was unusual for the President of the United States to go to Saudi Arabia first. Saudi Arabia!  Pelosi said. It wasn t even alphabetical. I mean, Saudi Arabia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K8CJQq3YnQ Our friends and neighbors  What was the decision-making process to go to Saudi Arabia first? That is a question that I have. This is just the latest odd thing Pelosi has blurted out during press briefings. This is beyond embarrassing for the Democrats Civil society blah, blah, blah word salad from Nancy Pelosi",0
10778,A Sick Little Boy Just Found a Heart Donor Hours After FLOTUS Prayed Over Him,"First Lady Melania Trump has been busy praying over sick children during her 9 day trip overseas   and it seems at least one of her prayers may have been answered.In fact, mere hours after Mrs. Trump prayed over a little boy whose heart was failing, doctors told her they had found a donated heart that could end up saving his life. But you won t hear that on your nightly news.After she and her husband, President Donald Trump, visited the Vatican to meet with Pope Francis this week, it came out in the news that Mrs. Trump is, in fact, a practicing Catholic.In their travels to the Holy See, Mrs. Trump also visited a Bambin Ges  Hospital, a Vatican-supported hospital in Rome. There, Melania met with many of the pediatric ward s sick children, taking pictures with them and reading them books before spending some time praying at the hospital chapel, the Daily Mail reported. If that wasn t awesome enough, Mrs. Trump, who s fluent in five languages, also reportedly spoke to the children in their native Italian. She also left heartfelt, handwritten messages for the children before she left.But something else very special happened at that hospital   the First Lady also reportedly prayed by the bedside of a little Greek boy who s been waiting on a heart transplant.On Wednesday, just hours after spending time together, FLOTUS tweeted from her official account that she d been told doctors had identified a donor heart for the little boy.A little boy who I visited today & had been waiting for a heart transplant will be receiving one! #Blessings #Faith pic.twitter.com/DZU3ojxXVC  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 24, 2017 This is such a heartwarming and positive story Don t count on the press reporting on this!Read more: mrctv",0
10779,DEADBEATS BEWARE: Trump’s Food Stamp Reform Is Your Worst Nightmare,"All we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about President Trump s budget. We love what welfare to work is coming back after Obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. Food stamp enrollment exploded during Obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.The American taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. Here s the TRUTH about what the Trump administration has proposed for food stamps:WORK REQUIREMENTS: In reality, the president s proposed policy is based on two principles: requiring able-bodied adult recipients to work or prepare for work in exchange for benefits, and restoring minimal fiscal responsibility to state governments for the welfare programs they operate.The president s budget reasserts the basic concept that welfare should not be a one-way handout. Welfare should, instead, be based on reciprocal obligations between recipients and taxpayers.SHIFTING MORE RESPONSIBILITY ON STATES:Why should the federal government pay for almost all of the freebies? Shifting the responsibility to the states will help with accountability. Perhaps some of the states will make a better effort to clean up the fraud that s so rampant in the system.Read more: Daily Signal",0
10780,Navy SEAL Tells Katy Perry: “Go to H*ll” [Video],"Navy SEAL Carl Higbie had three words for Katy Perry: Go to hell. Carl Higbie in a Thursday interview on Fox News criticized Perry for her remarks following the deadly Manchester terror attack that left 22 people dead and 59 injured, including children.Perry said:  The greatest thing we can do is just unite and love on each other. No barriers, no borders, we all just need to coexist In response to her call for  no barriers, no borders,  Higbie said that Perry should hold one of her concerts in Syria and see how they respond to our culture:You might remember Higbie from the time he was screeched at by a CNN anchor when he demanded the truth before accusing Trump s administration of anything: A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.Way to go Carl!",0
10781,PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY SHINE AT G7 Opening Ceremony in Ancient Greek Theatre,"President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump made a splash at the G7 with Melania s incredible fashion sense and Trump s bold leadership style. The First Lady has been en pointe and President Trump has been successful at keeping the summit topic off of the climate change and on terrorism and trade.First Lady Melania Trump arrived in Sicily in a beautiful floral jacket by Italian designers Dolce & Gabanna stunning!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4CbneabCsYTHE FIRST LADY DITCHED THE FLORAL JACKET WHEN SHE MET WITH OUR MILITARY:Thank you to the @usarmy 1-214th Aviation Regiment for getting me & my staff to our mtgs safely! #G7 #Catania #Italy pic.twitter.com/UtfjAKFBtC  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 26, 2017At the ancient Greek Theater in Taormina, Italy. G7 leaders, their spouses and other EU officials attended a sunset concert by La Scala Philharmonic Orchestra:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MlJiN9WXCQINCREDIBLE!Gorgeous evening #G7Taormina #Italy #Potus&Flotus pic.twitter.com/vpDLHFFPB8  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 26, 2017This trip has been a success at bringing America back as a world power. Having an alpha male president is a good thing. No more leading from behind for us!",0
10782,CHOKING ON HER LIES? HILLARY CLINTON Has Coughing Fit During Speech At Alma Mater [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton was delivering the commencement speech at her alma mater today and had a coughing fit! Can you believe it? Just in case you forgot, Hillary notoriously had coughing fits during her campaign for president. This has been going on for way too long. Can you imagine if she d been elected and we d have to listen to her hacking during speeches. Just another reason we re so thankful she didn t win the election!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKCeui0QXAChoking on her lies or something else Yes, this is it! Haha! Hillary s coughing is caused by the big bong she s smoking too funny!",0
10783,NANCY PELOSI ARROGANTLY DISMISSES Questions on Crooked Democrat IT Employees Under Investigation [Video],"Pleading ignorance is a perfect ploy for Nancy Pelosi Who wouldn t believe she s clueless on pretty much everything. Pelosi claims she s been busy with lots of  things . That s laughable! This case is a big deal! Here s what The Daily Caller had to say about this stain on the Democrats:U.S. Capitol Police and other agencies are probing the cyber activities of three brothers who had jobs as congressional staffers at the office of information technology for lawmakers on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, The Daily Caller News Foundation first reported. Brothers Imran, Abid and Jamal Awan also provided their services for other Democratic members in the lower chamber.When they came under suspicion by law enforcement for accessing the House network without permission last February, they were all banned from accessing it. While some Democratic lawmakers dismissed Imran from their employ when the story, others, like Florida Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz kept him on.Are the Democrats helping these two men hide the evidence?",0
10784,CNN’S DON LEMON Tries to Blame Trump…Cuts Off Guest When He Won’t Agree About Montana Body Slamming Incident [Video],Don Lemon tries to blame Donald Trump for the incident in Montana between a Republican candidate and a reporter. The candidate  body-slammed  the reporter who was asking a question. The candidate went on to win the election but the left is determined to use this incident to score political points.Paris Dennard won t back down when Lemon tries to blame Trump. Paris and Lemon have a long history of heated discussions. Great job by Paris Dennard!,0
10785,BOOM! REPUBLICAN Wins Montana Election After “Body-Slamming” Reporter: ‘I’m sick and tired of this!’,"This is just too rich! The Democrats threw tons of money into this race and then the Republican candidate  body-slammed  an obnoxious reporter. It seemed like the Dems really couldn t lose this one. Bernie s socialist candidate would win in Montana. The Democrats were sure they could run leftists and win in red states NOT SO FAST!Republican businessman Greg Gianforte won Montana s sole House district in a special election Thursday, keeping a seat in Republican hands despite facing assault charges for allegedly attacking a reporter who d asked him about the GOP s health-care bill:The best ever quote from the  body-slamming  incident is when Gianforte spoke for all Americans:  I m sick and tired of this! After he won he commented on the incident in his victory speech I shouldn t have treated that reporter that way,  he told supporters at his rally here.Please check out Gianforte s twitter page! It s full of great photos of things he s done. He makes his own sausage and even gave his wife a sausage maker for Christmas. He posts photos of his wild game dinners that look amazing. This guy is a blast!",0
10786,CONSEQUENCES OF LIBERAL TOLERANCE: He Had An ISIS Flag Hanging From His Roof…Yet No One Reported Him? [VIDEO],"Terrified concert goers fled an Ariana Grande gig after Salman Abedi, 22, detonated a bomb full of shrapnel and nails late on Monday evening.Shocking footage showed carnage brought to the streets of Manchester, with more than 120 people injured in the blast.Disgusting hate cult ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack, and described Abedi as one of their soldiers.And a former neighbour of the suicide bomber believes he could have been a member of the terror group for quite some time.Antone Jones, who lived close to the attacker in the Fallowfield area of the city, described seeing the ISIS flag being draped from the roof of his house.He told the MEN:  I never really knew him well, he always kept himself to himself. But about two years ago there was a black flag on the roof with Arabic writing on it. We never had any idea he was doing anything like this though. He was quiet. Another neighbour, from Gorton, said his manner led him to believe he was a member of ISIS.He said:  He walked past me one evening. He looked at me with his cold black eyes. It was an expression I didn t want to see on a face. He looked at me in a way that suggested he could take care of himself. I said at the time I wouldn t be surprised if he was ISIS. For entire story: Daily Star",0
10787,LIST OF 3 COMPANIES WHO Caved To Leftists…PULLED ADS From Hannity Show After He Discussed Seth Rich Murder,"Companies including Cars.com, Peloton, and Leesa Sleep have all given in to pressure to cease advertising on the show over Hannity s pursuit of now retracted claims made by Fox News that murdered DNC employee Seth Rich had contact with Wikileaks before his death.Leesa Sleep even bragged about cutting off their advertising with Sean Hannity on Twitter. They apparently made 11K liberals very happy with their decision. The big question is how many conservatives will they lose as customers for their high-end mattresses?We adjust our media buying every day and we can confirm that we are no longer advertising on Sean Hannity.  Leesa (@leesasleep) May 24, 2017Cars.com would like you to consider purchasing one of their certified pre-owned options. They must be addressing their new liberal audience with this tweet, since conservatives are likely now shopping with their competition like autotrader.com for instance Shopping for a new or used car but don't know about the certified pre-owned option? Find out more here: https://t.co/pTb209UzBs  Cars.com (@carsdotcom) May 20, 2017Peloton bragged about the $1.25 billion value of their company on Twitter yesterday. Bringing a Peloton Cycle bike home with you comes with a hefty price tag of $1,995. You will, however, need to pay a $39 per month subscription fee to continue taking spin classes over the HD screen. Peloton has a link on Amazon where users can review their bikes. Feel free to review their bikes HERE..@WSJ features Peloton's latest round of financing, which values the company at $1.25 billion: https://t.co/MeLC9HULCo #ridepeloton  Peloton (@RidePeloton) May 24, 2017 I totally and completely understand how upset and how hard this is on this family, especially over the recent coverage of Seth s death,  he said.  I ve been communicating with them. I got a very heartfelt note. I also sent them a heartfelt note back. However, out of respect for the family s wishes, for now, I am not discussing this matter at this time,  Hannity continued, although he later contended that he had  retracted nothing  and would continue to  try to get to the truth. In a series of tweets on Wednesday, Hannity accused figures including George Soros, David Brock of Media Matters, and failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton of  liberal fascism,  after his advertisers were reportedly  inundated with emails  from left-wing groups asking them to stop advertising on the show.  Breitbart",0
10788,"CNN HOSTS PANIC When Congressman, Lawyer Says Feds Need To Investigate Seth Rich Murder During Russia-Trump Collusion Discussion [VIDEO]","Caller-Times: Speaking on CNN Wednesday, the fourth-term congressman refuted a widely believed conclusion that the Russian government interfered with the U.S. presidential election to aid President Donald Trump s campaign and instead indicated a conspiracy theory about a slain Democratic National Committee staffer could be true. My fear is our constant focusing on the Russians is deflecting away for some other things that we need to be investigating,  Farenthold said on the network.  There s still some question as to whether the intrusion of the DNC server was an insider job or whether or not it was the Russians. Later Wednesday, Farenthold elaborated on his opinion of how the investigation should be handled in a phone interview with the Caller-Times. The death should be investigated in the same manner Russian interference has been reviewed, he said. That should be a part of the ongoing investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election, because that s an alternative theory that deserves being looked at,  Farenthold said.Watch how quickly CNN hosts John Berman and Poppy Harlow attack Congressman Farenthold when he even suggests there s something suspicious about the supposed  robbery gone bad  (where no valuables were stolen) that lead to the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. JUST NOW @farenthold on @CNN suggests the DNC hack was an  insider job,"" sources  stuff circulating on the internet  https://t.co/97zytNWHVR  Haley Draznin (@haleydraz) May 24, 2017While he has not formed an opinion on the nature of Rich s death, Farenthold said the theory that it was a retaliatory killing for leaking committee information is  as credible as the anonymous sources being cited in the (Former-FBI Director James) Comey and Russian stories against President Trump. Farenthold said the Russian conclusion is premature until there s a review of Democratic committee s computer system by an independent investigator. We re relying only on the report of somebody that the DNC contracted to examine their computer rather than having federal officials,  Farenthold said. To me, we need to let the feds look at it. Watch: ",0
10789,LISTEN TO THEM LAUGH! Undercover VIDEO Captures Diabolical Remarks At National ABORTION Federation Conference…”An Eyeball Just Fell Into My Lap..And That’s Gross”,"A shocking new video has just been released by the Center for Medical Progress, the undercover investigative group that in 2015 released videos showing that Planned Parenthood affiliates have profited from selling the body parts of aborted babies.This latest video is a preview of footage that CMP investigators gathered at the 2014 and 2015 National Abortion Federation conventions, attended by hundreds of members of the abortion industry each year. (The NAF is a major trade group of North American abortion providers, and Planned Parenthood makes up about 50 percent of its members and leadership.)Notice the audience laughing at some of the most vile comments you have ever heard about the killing and dismembering of babies in the womb:https://youtu.be/Sq1ycCmX3uUHere are some of the most horrifying remarks from the brand-new undercover footage. Attendees made some of these comments during official presentations, and others directly to undercover CMP investigators.Dr. Lisa Harris, the medical director of Planned Parenthood of Michigan: Given that we actually see the fetus the same way, and given that we might actually both agree that there s violence in here. . . . Let s just give them all the violence, it s a person, it s killing, let s just give them all that.Dr. Ann Schutt-Aine, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast (which has been referred to local law-enforcement for criminal charges related to fetal-tissue trafficking): If I m doing a procedure, and I m seeing that I m in fear that it s about to come to the umbilicus [navel], I might ask for a second set of forceps to hold the body at the cervix and pull off a leg or two, so it s not PBA [partial-birth abortion].Dr. Stacy De-Lin, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood of New York City: But we certainly do intact D&Es [dilation and extraction, otherwise known as partial-birth abortion, a method that is illegal under federal law].Dr. Uta Landy, the founder of the Consortium of Abortion Providers (CAPS), Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA): An eyeball just fell down into my lap, and that is gross! [laughter from the crowd]Talcott Camp, the deputy director of the ACLU s Reproductive Health Freedom Project: I m like   Oh my God! I get it! When the skull is broken, that s really sharp! I get it! I understand why people are talking about getting that skull out, that calvarium. Dr. Susan Robinson, an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood Mar Monte: The fetus is a tough little object, and taking it apart, I mean, taking it apart on Day One is very difficult. . . . You go in there, and you go,  Am I getting the uterus or the fetus? Oh, good, fetus. [Robinson makes a stabbing sound effect] What have I got? Nothing. Let s try again. Below are some comments from the footage that provide further evidence of Planned Parenthood s involvement in illegally profiting from fetal-tissue trafficking.Dr. Leslie Drummond, an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood Mar Monte (a PPFA affiliate that contracted with a biotech firm to be paid per fetal organ provided): I get a lot of oohs and ahhs from StemExpress [biotech firm]. You know, they re wanting livers. . . . Last week I was in Sacramento, and she said,  I need four intact limbs.  And I said, you want what?This part of the video should dispel any doubt Americans had about Planned Parenthood selling baby parts for profit:Dr. Stacy De-Lin, the director of abortion services for Planned Parenthood of NYC: But I think a financial incentive from you guys [CMP investigators posing as tissue buyers] is going to be like . . .  the people who we have to get this approved from will be very happy about it. Dr. Paul Blumenthal, the former medical director for PP of Maryland: I know Planned Parenthood sells a lot of stuff [fetal organs] to people. Both the NAF and Planned Parenthood sought and obtained a preliminary injunction against the Center for Medical Progress to prevent the release of these undercover videos. That civil suit is currently on appeal. But California s attorney general took matters into his own hands in late March, charging CMP investigators David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt with 14 felony counts of illegally recording  confidential communications.  The state refuses to name the 14 accusers in the criminal case, even though Daleiden and Merritt have themselves been charged publicly.Read more at: National Review",0
10790,IT BEGINS: NEW YORK SCHOOL Scheduled To Set Aside Special Classrooms For Muslim Prayer,"Clifton Park, New York is the latest school to succumb to Muslim prayer rooms. We ve documented this trend across America of Islam creeping into the schools. The latest case in San Diego of Sharia Law being taught in the classrooms has ended up in court:FEDERAL LAWSUIT Filed Against San Diego School District s Pro-Islam, Pro-Sharia Law PolicyOne question should be asked with this infiltration of Muslim prayer in our schools: WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE OTHER RELIGIONS THAT HAVE BEEN BANNED FROM DOING ANYTHING CLOSE TO PRAYING IN SCHOOL?  The largest school district in Saratoga County says it will allow Muslim students to pray in rooms in at its  high school.The Shenendehowa High School Principal says classrooms are being set aside so Muslim students can pray during Ramadan. Since then, we ve heard from parents who are against the move.One parent sent us a letter explaining her concerns saying:  Since prayer for other religions was removed from school years ago, I feel as Shen has crossed the line on allowing this on campus.  Some folks we talked to in Clifton Park agreed, like David Chapleau.  You just can t bring religion into a public institution where were really trying to teach kids to the idea of opening their critical faculties,  Chapleau said. The woman s outcry is in response to an email from the Shenendehowa High School Principal to students and parents. It addresses the month of Ramadan, a time of fasting and prayer for Muslims. It says, in part: Prayer occurs on a daily basis for practicing Muslims. This can be challenging in today s modern public high school. In an attempt to make reasonable accommodations for students and employees to meet their personal religious obligations, room 65 in High School West and room 109 in High School East have been set aside so students can incorporate this important aspect of their religion into their daily activities while at school.  The letter explains two classrooms will be set aside for students to meet their religious obligations during school hours. A school spokesperson says the decision was made after the high school principal met with the leader of a local mosque in an attempt to improve the school s cultural proficiency. She says the school can t refuse a student s request to leave class for required prayer, and says the space allows Muslim students to return to class quickly after praying.READ MORE: CBS6LOCAL",0
10791,EX-CIA DIRECTOR Reveals What Triggered Obama to Spy on Trump…You Won’t Believe What it is!," The former CIA Director told a House committee that Obama started to spy on Trump after he cracked a joke about Russia releasing Hillary Clinton s lost emails:Russia, if you re listening Rush Limbaugh reported:The Obama administration had ZERO EVIDENCE that the Russians were tampering with the US election but started listening in on Donald Trump and his top advisers  phone calls after Candidate Trump cracked a joke at a campaign press conference!Director of Central Intelligence Agency John Brennan takes questions from reporters during a press conference art CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, December 11, 2014. The head of the Central Intelligence Agency acknowledged Thursday some agency interrogators used  abhorrent  unauthorized techniques in questioning terrorism suspects after the 9/11 attacks. CIA director John Brennan said there was no way to determine whether the methods used produced useful intelligence, but he strongly denied the CIA misled the public.Rush Limbaugh reported:RUSH LIMBAUGH: Did you hear yesterday in all the double-talk that Brennan was using, he said that there was no evidence of any collusion, but there was a basis to start a CIA-FBI investigation. Now, what would the basis be if there s no evidence? There s no evidence, but there was a basis. No evidence! He s just the latest in a long line of officials in the intelligence community, in Congress, and the Obama administration who say there s no evidence of collusion.Trump-Russians? No evidence the Russians tampered with votes. But there was a basis to start an investigation. Do you know what it was? Do you know what it was? Trump s joke! When Trump said/put out a call,  Hey, Russia, maybe you can find 30,000 emails by Hillary Clinton that nobody can t find  That joke. I kid you not! That joke and the dossier that was totally made up, like Trump hire prostitutes to urinate on the bed that Obama slept it in Moscow. Those two things are the bases to start all of this. Trump telling a joke.I ve told you the left has no sense of humor, and they don t. And I ve seen it a thousand times! People on the left really believe that Trump was sending a message to the Russians to hack Hillary s server. We were way past that when this happened. Hillary had already done something with 60,000 of her emails. Thirty thousand she turned over to the State Department; 30,000 she deleted. She said they were irrelevant, but they were somewhere.Kim Dotcom was saying he had  em or could get  em. Everybody was wondering where they were. Trump, at a press conference, made a joke, a typical Trump joke,  Hey, Russia!  It s the kind of thing I would do, and I laughed myself silly. That is one of the bases for starting this whole cockamamie thing. By the way, in all these leaks of Trump phone calls, why aren t there any leaks of Trump phone calls and collusion with Russia?",0
10792,PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLS OUT NATO MEMBERS Standing Feet Away For Not Paying [Video],President Trump met for the first time with members of NATO and scolded them for not paying their  fair share : Members of the alliance must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. Twenty-three of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they are supposed to be paying for their defense. This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH5XeHaEEaYThis was true Trump style with his blunt speech telling them to pay up.,0
10793,UNREAL! OBAMA TAKES SHOT AT TRUMP With Approving Nod From Germany’s Merkel [Video],Obama took a veiled shot at President Trump that was beyond tacky. He needs to move on but just can t let being president go. He s been trolling Trump throughout the president s trip to Europe. It s the shadow government working its way into the current administration. Listen to this jackwagon take a shot at President Trump with nodding approval from Germany s Merkel:Merkel and Obama have no business giving advice on immigration and walls. Both have betrayed their people with open borders. Shame on them!OBAMA NEEDS TO GO OFF INTO THE SUNSET HIS TIME IS OVER!,0
10794,LIKE A BOSS! President Trump’s Arrival at the EU Headquarters: “You can expect the president to be very tough on them” [Video],"President Trump arrived  like a boss  to check out what s going on at the NATO headquarters. They just spent big bucks on a new headquarters   Trump s probably wondering why they didn t use that money more wisely:NATO leaders have arranged an itinerary to appeal to the former real estate magnate: a ribbon-cutting of the alliance s glassy new headquarters, followed by a dinner where leaders will be held to a lightning-round speaking schedule to save time.Trump plans to press NATO leaders on defense spending, continuing a line of attack he started as a candidate last year, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Wednesday. You can expect the president to be very tough on them,  Tillerson said, saying that he expected Trump to tell them:  The American people are doing a lot for your security, for our joint security. You need to make sure you re doing your share for your own security as well. ",0
10795,TESTY SHEILA JACKSON LEE Challenges Trump’s Budget Director: “You’re not a doctor?”…Director: “Are you?” [Video],"Mick Mulvaney is one smart cookie. He s doing a fantastic job cutting where cuts need to be made. Congress will complain about ANY cut to their voter base s favorite item. Listen to the grandstanding from Jackson-Lee on cuts to medicaid:  They are begging for their medicaid The Grandstanding is so sickening!It went downhill from there. Jackson-Lee wanted to try and make Mulvaney out to be an uncaring guy. She s a total bully!HE S ONE SMART COOKE! MULVANEY JUST GAVE DETAILS OF THE BUDGET CUTS IN A FANTASTIC PRESS CONFERENCE. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ENTIRE VIDEO BELOW: Office of Management and Budgets (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney outlines the structure, intents and purposes of the Trump administration Fiscal Year 2018 Budget    The Taxpayers Budget The best part of this great news conference is when a reporter asks about cuts to  climate science programs : At the 17:00 mark Mick Mulvaney rips into the reporter and it s just awesome!We recommend the entire video because you ll see Trump hired one smart cookie! Mick Mulvaney knows the budget and handles the press beautifully!",0
10796,TRIGGERED! FORMER CIA AGENT: ‘Trey Gowdy Ought to Have His A** Kicked’ [Video],"Former CIA Agent Phil Mudd is a jackwagon! He threatened Congressman Trey Gowdy after hearing video of questioning from Gowdy to Ex-CIA Director John Brennan. Mudd made the threat that Gowdy should have his  a** kicked . Who says something like that on National TV?https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=qLw5q_d1PxUNotice how the anchors on CNN say nothing back to Mudd to knock it off. They probably loved the threat.In case you missed it: Trey Gowdy asked a pointed question of former CIA Director Brennan:  Did you have evidence of a connection between the Trump campaign and Russian state actors?  Brennan replied:  As I said, Mr. Gowdy, I don t do evidence. BOOM! ANOTHER EPIC FAIL FOR THE DEEP STATE AS TREY GOWDY MAKES A COMPLETE FOOL OF JOHN BRENNAN:ANOTHER EPIC FAIL For the Resistance as Trey Gowdy makes a complete fool of John BrennanAGAIN, ZERO EVIDENCE Trump Colluded w/ Russia   pic.twitter.com/iCzNaEMT9C   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) May 23, 2017 BRENNAN WAS ASKED BY ADAM SCHIFF AND REPLIED THAT TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED TO HAVE THE FLYNN INVESTIGATION DROPPED: EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. NOT A GOOD DAY FOR POLITICAL HACK JOHN BRENNAN!",0
10797,LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES ASKED ABOUT “White Privilege”…Blacks Disagree [Video],"Ami Horowitz went to a New York conference on  white privilege  and asked the attendees to explain their whiteness. Somebody told him,  We re all racist.  But he then went to a black neighborhood in Harlem to ask people there if they were consumed with the same concern over white privilege. They all felt that to be so consumed would be to admit that they couldn t accomplish their own dreams and goals, and they definitely don t think that is the case.So why are the white people so obsessed with white privilege?",0
10798,MAXINE WATERS Uses Fake Term “Kremlin Klan”…Struggles to Name “Klan” Members [Video],Maxine Waters made an appearance on CNBC trying to push the term  Kremlin Klan  to push the Russia scam.She tried to name the offenders in the group but drew a blank after naming a few people. It s always interesting to hear her talking points and hear what the Democrats are lying about every day. Notice that the anchors repeat the term at the end do you think they might want this term to stick? Clever  Waters is on the Financial Services Committee that s scary! ,0
10799,HOT MIC CATCHES MSNBC ANCHOR Making Snarky Suggestion That Trump Isn’t Christian [Video],"MSNBC anchor Joe Scarborough was caught on a hot mic making a snarky suggestion that President Donald Trump is not a Christian, just as  Morning Joe  went to a commercial break. After spending much of the show criticizing Trump s proposed budget, the show went to a commercial break. Mika Brzezinski said that after the break they would discuss Trump s visit with the Pope: Coming up, they didn t actually see eye to eye during the presidential campaign, so what happened during Donald Trump s meeting today with Pope Francis? We ll go through that and what drove them apart in the first place, straight ahead on  Morning Joe.' As she stopped speaking, music began to play. That is when Joe Scarborough appeared to criticize Trump and imply that he is not a Christian: Oh, the Pope s Christian,  Scarborough said in an apparent reference to the differences between the Pope and Trump:Trump memorably feuded with the Pope last year when the religious leader suggested anyone who focused on  building walls  is  not Christian.  Trump, who campaigned on building a southern border wall, shot back that to question his faith was  disgraceful. ",0
10800,STUNNING VIDEO REVEALS Why We Have The Current Hateful Lunacy In The Press [Video],The video below is unbelievable in its honest look at the press and how they didn t and won t accept the election of Donald Trump. These people exposed themselves to be leftists on the night of the election with their editorializing and outright hate speech. Is it any wonder that we have the current hateful and twisted media coverage that we do? LANGUAGE ALERT:President Donald Trump has been bashed by the press since day one by these people they want to destroy him. We say we need to destroy the leftist media behind all of the lies about our president. Please take the time to call out lies from the media when you see them!,0
10801,FANTASTIC! TRUMP BUDGET DIRECTOR Rips Into Reporter Questioning EPA Cuts: “We’re not going to do some of the crazy things the past administration did” [Video],"WOW! THIS IS FANTASTIC! WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ENTIRE VIDEO: Office of Management and Budgets (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney outlines the structure, intents and purposes of the Trump administration Fiscal Year 2018 Budget    The Taxpayers Budget The best part of this great news conference is when a reporter asks about cuts to  climate science programs : At the 17:00 mark Mick Mulvaney rips into the reporter and it s just awesome!We recommend the entire video because you ll see Trump hired one smart cookie! Mick Mulvaney knows the budget and handles the press beautifully!",0
10802,WHAT THE MEDIA’S NOT TELLING YOU About The Manchester Terror Attack [VIDEO],"Just another nice immigrant family trying to assimilate in the country who so generously took them in The 22-year-old British-born attacker was heard  chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street  outside his home in the south of the city. Not that anyone reported him. That would have been  Islamophobic. It s a good thing we have Theresa May and the rest to tell us that this has nothing to do with Islam. He was chanting Islamic prayers loudly in the street : Neighbours of British-born Manchester suicide bomber tell of his  strange behaviour  in the weeks before deadly attack,  by Nick Fagge, Paul Thompson and Julian Robinson, MailOnline, May 23, 2017: ",0
10803,"EPIC! TUCKER TAKES ON THE TERROR APPEASERS ON THE LEFT: If You ‘Really Care’ About America, You Won’t Let It Become Europe [Video]",Tucker Carlson nails it tonight on how we re now being conditioned to accept terrorism So true! We should NEVER accept this but it s like the more it happens the more people are just not alarmed. The commentary below is so great because Tucker talks facts on how the change in Europe s demographics has changed what s happening and what people think. He goes on to question why our terror sympathizers appease the terrorists and bend over backwards for them. This has to be one of the best commentaries ever for Tucker! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQD45EmFvCoTucker is so right on this stand up to terrorism!,0
10804,WOW! IS SEAN HANNITY’S Job With FOX News In Jeopardy Over Seth Rich Investigation?,"What the heck is going on over at FOX News, the cable news network that used to be the only place on TV that Americans could go to for truth?Sean Hannity is one of the few conservative voices with a massive audience who is willing to stick his neck out and risk his career to get the truth out behind the murder of 27-year old DNC staffer Seth Rich.After the notorious hacker Kim Dot.com tweeted about his claim to have evidence that Seth Rich was the person who sent the DNC emails to Wikileaks, Sean Hannity responded to him. Hannity even asked Dotcom to appear on his show, hoping that he would reveal evidence that Seth Rich was the person who sent the DNC emails to Wikileaks, and NOT the Russians.Here was the first email from Kim Dotcom where he claims to have known Seth Rich and that Rich was the Wikileaks source.  Dotcom also claims he was involved in the email exchange.I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved. https://t.co/MbGQteHhZM  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 20, 2017Sean Hannity responded to Kim Dotcom s tweet:You are the evidence? Can you explain that in more detail? https://t.co/9oOP3mYOn9  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Hannity then invited Kim Dotcom to appear on his show and share the evidence he has that Rich was the DNC leaker with his audience:Stay tuned. Public invitation Kim Dotcom to be a guest on radio and TV. #GameChanger Buckle up destroy Trump media. Sheep that u all are!!! https://t.co/3qLwXCGl6z  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Kim Dotcom applauded Hannity for pursuing the Rich case:Congress, investigate Seth Rich Murder! @JulianAssange made comments u need to listen to! If Seth was wiki source, no Trump/Russia collusion https://t.co/QPHZwypU34  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 22, 2017The flailing cable network station FOX News, that just fell into 3rd place in the ratings after firing their top host Bill O Reilly, made a public statement today about Sean Hannity s investigation into the murder of Seth Rich and the possibility that he was the DNC leaker.From FOX News:On May 16, a story was posted on the Fox News website on the investigation into the 2016 murder of DNC Staffer Seth Rich. The article was not initially subjected to the high degree of editorial scrutiny we require for all our reporting. Upon appropriate review, the article was found not to meet those standards and has since been removed.We will continue to investigate this story and will provide updates as warranted.After FOX News disavowed the Seth Rich story, liberal rag  The Daily Beast  published a story with unnamed sources at FOX News who were  embarrassed  by Sean Hannity pursuing this story, claiming he had  no evidence .Sean Hannity re-tweeted their baseless, nameless story here:Very interesting. My heart is not troubled in the least. Night all. https://t.co/MgOow2XVYu  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017It s interesting how leftist publications are circling conservative media like a bunch of vultures trying to shut down anyone who questions the Seth Rich   DNC emails connection to Wikileaks, calling it  embarrassing  because there is  no evidence , yet they ve been carrying on with an investigation into Trump-Russia collusion during the election that has not yielded an ounce of evidence. But that s somehow not  embarrassing?  Sorry hypocrites, you can t have it both ways Haha Shocking. ""Anonymous sources"" again!! Name names!!Maybe these anonymous people can work at @CNN and help with Fake News. Or I can .. https://t.co/1PCHjEjnC7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Hannity also tweeted about the media hypocrisy here:And if you dare ASK AN HONEST QUESTION, now it's a ""conspiracy theory with, NO PROOF"". Greatest hypocrisy ever. STAY TUNED! Busy week. https://t.co/Or7zCqZOFl  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Sean Hannity to his credit, has stayed the course and is sticking his neck out to get the truth out about Seth Rich. Only a few hours ago, Hannity tweeted about his bombshell announcement about Seth Rich tonight, and curiously, he also tweeted about his  future at FOX!  Who s pulling the strings at FOX these days? Huge announcement tonight about Seth Rich, Trump/Russian Collusion corrupt media, the liberal effort to silence me. And my future at Fox!  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017Did George Soros get to the liberal Murdoch brothers? It would appear that Hannity may be suggesting they are in this tweet:I said publicly over and over to the Rich Family they are in my thoughts and prayers. I m trying to find the truth as the Mom Dad bro asked https://t.co/op11hVRlWW  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017The more attention the Seth Rich case gets, the more the left is freaking out. Watch sanctimonious and as far as we know, the jobless Keith Olbermann (he lists his job as a  GQ correspondent  in his Twitter profile) tell his massive audience on Twitter (only 169 people  liked  his video) that Seth Rich was murdered in a  botched robbery .  Sorry Keith Bozo, but when nothing of value is stolen from the body of the person you were  robbing  it s not really considered a  robbery. NEW VIDEO: If you're one of the scum selling this Seth Rich story to deflect from this scum Trump: Burn In Hell pic.twitter.com/6Iut1RB8av  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) May 22, 2017The left will stop at nothing to keep this story out of the news and to keep the focus on a Trump-Russia narrative that to date, has not provided one shred of actual evidence to their claim.  Tonight could be a make it or break it night for Sean Hannity and his career with FOX News. No matter what happens on Hannity s show tonight, he s a hero in our eyes for at least pursuing the possibility that something other than the contrived Trump-Russia narrative put forth by the Democrats and their allies in the media could actually be the truth Here s to Hannity making conservatives proud again! ",0
10805,BOOM! TREY GOWDY Hammers Ex-CIA Chief [Video],"Trey Gowdy asked a pointed question of former CIA Director Brennan:  Did you have evidence of a connection between the Trump campaign and Russian state actors?  Brennan replied:  As I said, Mr. Gowdy, I don t do evidence. BOOM! ANOTHER EPIC FAIL FOR THE DEEP STATE AS TREY GOWDY MAKES A COMPLETE FOOL OF JOHN BRENNAN:ANOTHER EPIC FAIL For the Resistance as Trey Gowdy makes a complete fool of John BrennanAGAIN, ZERO EVIDENCE Trump Colluded w/ Russia   pic.twitter.com/iCzNaEMT9C   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) May 23, 2017  BRENNAN WAS ASKED BY ADAM SCHIFF AND REPLIED THAT TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED TO HAVE THE FLYNN INVESTIGATION DROPPED: EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. NOT A GOOD DAY FOR POLITICAL HACK JOHN BRENNAN!",0
10806,EX-CIA CHIEF DROPS A TRUTH BOMB: Trump Never Pressured Intelligence Community to Drop Flynn Investigation [VIDEO],"EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. ",0
10807,DINGBAT NANCY STRIKES AGAIN! Watch Nancy Pelosi Refer To NRA As Part Of Intelligence Committee [VIDEO],"Let s play a fun game called,  What the hell did Nancy just say? Every time Nancy opens her mouth, she proves that President Trump s election has caused her and her dingbat counterpart Rep. Maxine Waters to become completely unhinged.Here is the transcript from Nancy Pelosi s most recent appearance at the Peter G. Peterson Foundation s 2017 Fiscal Summit. Can someone please tell us exactly what Nancy is trying to say here? Talk about Russia s undermining our elections. They did it. Thisss .isss (mumble, mumble) isn t any question. They hacked, they leaked, they disrupted. The question is, was there collusion between the (mumble) campaign and the next. You can t know until you have the full-fledged (mumble mumble). To have a President say to the. If he did. To the uh director of the FBI or the DNI, the Director of National Intelligence, or the NRA .person that um uh that that uh that they should uh not go forward uh it raises questions that uh needs to be answered in a facts and law way and not a hearsay Watch:As if Nancy s ridiculous NRA slip wasn t bad enough, she goes on to clarify why she is uniquely qualified to speak on such important matters as Russian collusion with the Trump campaign because of her vast experience in working with the United States intelligence community, in fact, Nancy claims she has  more  experience than  anyone  else. Too bad she doesn t even know the NRA isn t part of the intelligence community: ",0
10808,UNREAL! THE LEFT OUTRAGED AT TRUMP’S “Evil Losers” Reference “Not Presidential Enough” Claim Obama Was “Too Articulate” [Video],"Immediately after President Trump s speech about the horrible Manchester terror attack, the left decided to twist his words. Twitter and other social media be can saying what he said was  unpresidential . Nice try by the left but you have to hear the ENTIRE context in which he spoke! He called the terrorists  evil losers in life : HE S SO RIGHT! This tactic is an effort to change the narrative to make these guys  evil losers in life .WATCH: Trump speaks out about #ManchesterBombing, calls terrorists  evil losers  https://t.co/VVtrrEKmGJ pic.twitter.com/42UN1H5Q1j  TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 23, 2017Woopi Goldberg has the nerve to claim that President Trump was  not presidential enough  in his comments about the  evil loser in life  who slaughtered children. She goes on to claim that people complained because Obama was  too articulate  for people. This is laughable! Obama was a chameleon depending on what crowd he was talking to. He would go from arrogant to slang with the switch of who was in attendance. Would you rather have a president who speaks from the heart or someone who s a complete phony?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYWekrWKDtcIsn t it funny that these women are more concerned about the semantics of what we call terrorists than the horrible crime committed.",0
10809,MICHELLE OBAMA Breaks Church Rules Wearing Revealing Top Into Siena Cathedral,"Michelle Obama has been wearing some interesting fashion choices during her overseas trip to Italy. To each his own but the latest outfit crossed over the line because it was disrespectful to the religious guests of Siena Cathedral. Women are supposed to cover their shoulders upon entry into the cathedral. Who does that?Rules must be for the little people and not for the Obamas Sienna, Tuscany is one of the stops for the Obamas on their trip to Italy.",0
10810,"COWARDLY “CBS, YAHOO Writer” Who Wished Trump Would DIE Before Inauguration, Makes Disgusting “Joke” About Dead Kids At Ariana Grande Concert","Just before Donald Trump s inauguration, David Leavitt who claims he writes for CBS and Yahoo said he wished Trump would die before his inauguration. CBS denies he works for them or has ever worked for them. Well, that was back in November and Levitt s profile on Twitter still says he s a contributor to CBS:Comedian and political commentator Mark Dice actually made a video exposing Daniel Leavitt, who claims to be a  member of the press  and the vile remarks he made about our President:Here is Leavitt s response to the outrage over his disgusting comments:If I knew that I'd gain over 500 followers within 12 hours of angering sexist racist #trump supporters, I'd have done it sooner #ImWithHer  David Leavitt (@David_Leavitt) November 30, 2016Because what could possibly be funnier than a terrorist attack in a  stadium packed with young innocent children right David? Apparently Leavitt who has no obvious conscience, doubled down on his sick joke and instead of deleting it after realizing that he was receiving quite a bit of backlash, he attempted to make another joke asking,  too soon? Leavitt is no stranger to making sick  jokes  about dead people. Just last week he made another sick joke about the death of Roger Ailes:Every day liberals confirm to independent and Democrat voters who have two brain cells to rub together, why the majority of Americans truly believe liberalism is a mental disorder.Here are a few more tweets by a guy who gets paid to write for major publications that every day Americans accept as actual news. ***WARNING*** Some of the tweets contain strong language:And lastly, from a guy who was bashing Comey on Twitter, there s this post from a stereotypical liberal: ",0
10811,"BREAKING! TERROR ATTACK BY SUICIDE BOMBER At Ariana Grande Concert: 19 Dead, 50 Injured…Panicked, Bloodied Kids Seen Stampeding Out Of Stadium [VIDEO]","At least 19 people have been killed after explosions were heard inside Manchester Arena at the end of an Ariana Grande concert. American authorities are saying this was a suicide bomb that not only killed 19 but injured 50 concertgoers. Speculation is that this was a pressure cooker bomb. We cannot confirm. A CONCERTGOER IS IN SHOCK RECEIVING HELP -These horrible terrorists hurt and killed young people!BREAKING: VIDEO & REPORTS that this was likely a nail bomb. TERRORISTS killed kids with a NAIL BOMB.  #Manchesterpic.twitter.com/LfQsmaXUw9  Democrats for Trump (@YoungDems4Trump) May 22, 2017Video below shows people fleeing from the concert after loud bangs rang out immediately after the concert finished:Horrific, frightening video of panic after large explosion at #Manchester arena.pic.twitter.com/onxMbX60Me  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) May 23, 2017Video showing concert goers racing for the exits:EXPLOSION AT MANCHESTER ARENA AND EVERYONE RAN OUT SO SCARY  pic.twitter.com/pJbUBoELtE    (@hannawwh) May 22, 2017ARMED POLICE ARRIVE ON THE SCENE OF THE EXPLOSION:Manchester Arena: Armed police arrive on the scene of explosion pic.twitter.com/h5cfz8w6qz  Democrats for Trump (@YoungDems4Trump) May 22, 2017THE LATEST FROM THE SCENE:LATEST from #Manchester Arena @GranadaReports pic.twitter.com/JvT0Md4WYN  Michael Worrall (@mikeyworrall1) May 22, 2017NAIL BOMBS:#BREAKING: Sources from Manchester hospitals say they re receiving patients with injuries compatible with a nail bomb. #sun7 pic.twitter.com/wL0A18Mje8  Sunrise (@sunriseon7) May 22, 2017",0
10812,RARE BEHIND THE SCENES LOOK: President Trump Visits Netanyahu Family…“I’m a Big League fan of both of you.” [Video],"POTUS AND FLOTUS visited the Israeli PM residence and got a very warm welcome! The video below is a rare behind the scenes look at the visit. The Netanyahu family greeted the First couple and then enjoyed a visit with the family including the son. You can hear the Netanyahu s son when he meets President Trump. He says,  I m a Big League fan of both of you.  Melania replies that Mrs. Netanyahu is  fantastic . PM Netanyahu and Mrs Sara Netanyahu welcome @POTUS Donald Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Trump to the Prime Minister's Residence in Jerusalem. pic.twitter.com/1HIOUmCJvd  PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) May 22, 2017 Lots of mutual respect and admiration was visible between these two families. Wow1 What a difference between Obama and Trump! ",0
10813,O’REILLY BLASTS FOX NEWS’ Liberal Murdoch Brothers After Disastrous Viewer Ratings Are Revealed,"It looks like Bill O Reilly is getting the last laugh When the Fox News Channel fired cable news giant Bill O Reilly in April, reports surfaced revealing Fox News  owner, the Murdoch family, wanting to move the network in a different direction. Out with the old guard, in with the new. More hosts similar to Megyn Kelly, who is now at NBC News, fewer like the ones who built the network from the ground up, including O Reilly.About one month later, Fox News has a completely different news lineup, and the results thus far have been nothing short of disastrous.On Thursday, TV Newser reported Fox News, which once dominated its competitors in virtually every timeslot, is now losing across the board in the key 25-54 demographic.The results are most notable in primetime, which used to carry Fox News  most reliable audience. Now, Fox News is running a distant third to hosts who previously drew audiences half the size of O Reilly s.On Thursday, at the 7 p.m. hour, Fox News   The Story,  hosted by Martha MacCallum, lost by more than 100,000 viewers in the 25-54 demographic to CNN s  OutFront  with Erin Burnett. Chris Matthews   Hardball  beat MacCallum by nearly 60,000 viewers.At 8 p.m., Fox News   Tucker Carlson Tonight  lost to both CNN s Anderson Cooper and MSNBC s  All In  with Chris Hayes.At 9 p.m., Fox News Channel s  The Five  was absolutely demolished by Cooper and MSNBC s  The Rachel Maddow Show,  which won the key demographic by more than 200,000 viewers.Of all the Fox News hosts in primetime, Sean Hannity performed the best, although he still finished third to  CNN Tonight  with Don Lemon and MSNBC s  The Last Word  with Lawrence O Donnell.Through May 18, Fox News Channel s total audience in May remained larger than its cable-news competitors, including CNN and MSNBC, according to Nielsen Media Research.O Reilly, who joins Glenn Beck on  The Glenn Beck Program  every Friday, told Beck on Friday there s  no doubt  that  Fox News has a problem. They have a problem,  O Reilly said.  Fox News has a problem. There s no doubt about it. Whenever you lose a key person in any industry, competitive industry, sports, media, you better have a plan. And it doesn t look like FNC has a plan.  The Blaze",0
10814,CNN REPORTER EMBARRASSES Himself With Idiotic Response After Former “Face The Nation” Host Praises Trump’s Saudi Arabia Speech [VIDEO],"Bob Schieffer is an old-school newsman. There s no doubt that the former Face the Nationhost leans left, but he is still capable of reporting, you know, the news. That is too much for denizens of the modern MSM to tolerate.On today s Reliable Sources on CNN, Schieffer reported the glaringly obvious truth: that President Trump gave a good speech in Saudi Arabia today. Guest host John Berman had to push back:  you know, Bob, though, that there will be people who look at that last comment you made and say you re normalizing the president. Schieffer gave the perfect response: he wasn t trying to normalize Trump, he was trying to do what reporters [are supposed to] do: report.Watch:",0
10815,ISRAELI FIRST LADY’S Advice About Media Bias To Melania Trump Caught On Camera [Video],"Israeli First Lady Sara Netanyahu: I talk every place about her, how great she is. And how great you are. I can testify to that. Because a majority of the people in Israel, unlike the media, they love us. So we tell them how you are great so they love you. We have very much in common. We ll talk about it over dinner.The advice and reassurance reflects a fondness for our first lady and President Trump. ",0
10816,GREAT PHOTOS: Melania Trump Gets Rave Reviews For Stunning Style On Middle East Trip [Video],"First Lady Melania Trump has been stealing the spotlight from just about everyone on the Middle East trip. From the beginning of the trip to Saudi Arabia to today s visit to Israel, Melania has been appropriate and so stylish. Someone di their homework because the jumpsuit Melania wore to is popular in Saudi Arabia. Great move! She was herself but paid respects by dressing modestly. The gown she wore to dinner was stunning!The first lady wore a khaki suit to visit a school: President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrived in Israel to promote and negotiate peace in the region. Melania Trump continued to knock it out of the park in the fashion category. She got rave reviews in the Saudi press for her appropriate and beautiful style. She kept it up when she arrived in Israel wearing a white Michael Kors belted suit:The visit to Saudi Arabia has been given very positive reviews from the press except for a few nit picky things. It helps that the Saudis have a common enemy with us Iran is a mutual foe.As the First Family and entourage arrive in Israel, it s hoped that the Israelis and Palestinians can come to a peaceful agreement of some sort. If anyone can do it, it s Trump. There is a great opportunity for peace in the Middle East. ",0
10817,D.C. BAR OWNER Where Seth Rich Was Last Seen Drops Bombshell: NO EMPLOYEES Of Bar Questioned By DC Police…Never Asked For Surveillance Tapes [VIDEO],"Last week, Private Investigator Rod Wheeler appeared on Fox5 news in DC with an update in the unsolved murder of DNC IT expert Seth Rich, claiming proof exists on Rich s laptop proving he was Julian Assange s source for leaked DNC emails during the 2016 election   an account in direct conflict to the Russian hacking narrative based on a discredited IT firm s report.Wheeler walked back his statements the next day, however the fuse was already lit  Weaponized autists on Reddit and 4chan began furiously digging back into the Seth Rich case for clues in the still unsolved murder   and they went deep.Among the findings were Seth Rich s Reddit account, email addresses, and Twitter accounts   one of which was in support of candidate Bernie Sanders. As an aside  before joining the DNC, Rich moved to Washington DC to take a job with polling and research firm Greenberg Quinlan Rosner  whose founder Stanley Greenberg was a senior advisor to President Bill Clinton.Reddit s the_donald goes darkAs Seth Rich posts reached a crescendo Friday night  dominating the front page of /r/The_Donald, the Conde Nast-linked website shut the  subreddit  down for around 12 hours following a moderator s unrelated declaration of war on the rest of Reddit over censorship  completely killing the Seth Rich momentum. When The_Donald was reopened, officially  to aid the Seth Rich effort   the offending moderator had been banned and two other mods were removed from their positions. Seth Rich posts, however, are notably sparse. Oh, and Reddit edited Seth Rich s account during the lockout.Meanwhile in New ZealandKim Dotcom is pissed   and has been plotting revenge against Hillary Clinton, Obama, and Hollywood after being targeted in the biggest copyright infringement case in history  which included a massive illegal (and then legal) raid on his New Zealand mansion by 76 armed officers and two helicopters.Dotcom tweets that Democrats attacked his family and stole his assets in a copyright infringement case and appears to be suggesting that he was paying them back by sending Rich s DNC emails to Wikileaks:Democrats destroyed my business, attacked my family, stole my assets in a pay4play strike for the @MPAACounterstrike:Trump Presidency   Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 19, 2017Sean Hannity has offered Dotcom a national platform (which Kim retweeted)I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved. https://t.co/MbGQteHhZM  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 20, 2017Dotcom accepts Hannity s offer to expose the DNC hacker on his Tuesday night show:Stay tuned. Public invitation Kim Dotcom to be a guest on radio and TV. #GameChanger Buckle up destroy Trump media. Sheep that u all are!!! https://t.co/3qLwXCGl6z  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 20, 2017Kim Dot.com hits the Democrats and their #FakeNews partners with this tweet where he s putting them on notice that they re about to be exposed:How will Democrats and their #FakeNews partners brush away the fact that I had insider knowledge about upcoming leaks? #SethRich https://t.co/SwFLGbeUbQ  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) May 21, 2017Meanwhile, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange just doubled down on his  silence  about #SethRich being the DNC leaker with this interesting tweet this morning that Kim Dot.com retweeted:WikiLeaks has never disclosed a source. Sources sometimes talk to other parties but identities never emerge from WikiLeaks. #SethRich  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) May 22, 2017Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich all discussed the mysterious murder of DNC staffer last week, who, according to Rich s parents was getting ready to work for Hillary s campaign when he was murdered on his way home from a local bar late at night. Here is a compilation of Hannity and Limbaugh s remarks on the Rich case:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXn6FzWBS4oWhy were no employees of Joe s City Bar where Rich was last seen questioned about his final hours leading up to his murder? Why was the surveillance tape in the bar not seen by investigators? WND A manager of the Washington, D.C., bar where Democratic National Committee worker Seth Rich was last spotted hours before he was shot and killed last summer told WND that D.C. police officers never interviewed the bar s staff or requested any evidence from the bar, including the bar s surveillance video from that night, as part of an investigation into Rich s murder.The revelation backs up a claim made by a private investigator who worked on the case who said D.C. police were told to  stand down  on the investigation.WND also can report that the investigator recently was ordered to  cease and desist  his work on the murder case. The police never asked for the surveillance video from that night,  a manager of Lou s City Bar told WND.His name is being withheld for this story.He said the bar s surveillance video runs in a cycle of 30 days and that, by now, any footage that may have existed of Rich the last night he was seen alive has been taped over.Furthermore, the manager said police never asked for any other kind of evidence from the bar such as Rich s bar receipt from that night. The manager did note he wasn t sure if Rich paid using a credit card or cash. Seth Rich s girlfriend, best friend and parents all speak out about the brutal murder that DC detectives are calling a  botched robbery  that left Rich dead while leaving all of his valuables, including his wallet on his person. Seth Rich s parents admitted that after Seth was shot, police reported that he was  quite talkative . If Seth was  quite talkative,  then why aren t there any leads on his killers? Seth s parents appear to be Hillary sycophants. They appear to be very proud of their son as they tell Crime Watch Daily that he was just getting ready to go to work for Hillary s campaign. They also adamantly stand behind the Democrat Party and claim they are angered by any claim that a hit was ordered on Rich by online citizen journalists.As more and more evidence is being revealed about Rich s possible role as the leaker of the DNC emails to Wikileaks, the attitude of Seth s parents towards citizen journalists has taken a surprising turn. In this video that was just released, Rich s parents appear to be praising the work of citizen journalists that are forcing the investigation into Seth Rich s death via social media.https://twitter.com/RedPillDropper/status/866071104112209921According to research conducted by a 4Chan citizen journalists, Joseph Capone, the owner of Lou s City Bar where Rich was last seen alive, visited the East Wing of the White House 4 days before the murder of Seth Rich.A visit by a Joseph P. Capone to the East Wing of the White House on July is verified on the government White House visitor log website. We cannot verify that this is the same Joe Capone who owns Lou s City bar where Seth was last seen. According the White House Museum website, the East Wing is reserved for  the first lady and her staff, including the White House social secretary and correspondence staff.:Crime Watch Daily investigated the murder of Seth Rich and compiled an interesting video that includes interviews with Seth s girlfriend, best friend and parents.Although there are pockets of darkness, for the most part this neighborhood is pretty well-lit. Investigators tell Crime Watch Daily in the early morning hours of July 10, Seth was walking home. He was only about a block and a half away from home when he was gunned down, shot in the back. The officers who were there and they said  Yeah, he was quite talkative, he did not realize he had been shot,'  said Joel Rich, Seth s father.But an hour and a half later at a nearby hospital, Seth was pronounced dead.Heartbreaking news to Kelsey Mulka. She was just on the phone with him, and in a split-second he was gone. Now Mulka is breaking news in our exclusive interview, revealing details, telling Crime Watch Daily there was no sign of trouble in his voice that terrible morning. ",0
10818,THE PROBLEM WITH ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION…Explained As If You Were 5-Years-Old," Among the findings:A Complex Fiscal Picture Welfare use. Our findings show that many of the preconceived notions about the fiscal impact of illegal households turn out to be inaccurate. In terms of welfare use, receipt of cash assistance programs tends to be very low, while Medicaid use, though significant, is still less than for other households. Only use of food assistance programs is significantly higher than that of the rest of the population. Also, contrary to the perceptions that illegal aliens don t pay payroll taxes, we estimate that more than half of illegals work  on the books.  On average, illegal households pay more than $4,200 a year in all forms of federal taxes. Unfortunately, they impose costs of $6,950 per household.The Impact of Amnesty. Finally, our estimates show that amnesty would significantly increase tax revenue. Because both their income and tax compliance would rise, we estimate that under the most likely scenario the average illegal alien household would pay 77 percent ($3,200) more a year in federal taxes once legalized. While not enough to offset the 118 percent ($8,200) per household increase in costs that would come with legalization, amnesty would significantly increase both the average income and tax payments of illegal aliens.What s Different About Today s Immigration. Many native-born Americans observe that their ancestors came to America and did not place great demands on government services. Perhaps this is true, but the size and scope of government were dramatically smaller during the last great wave of immigration. Not just means-tested programs, but expenditures on everything from public schools to roads were only a fraction of what they are today. Thus, the arrival of unskilled immigrants in the past did not have the negative fiscal implications that it does today. Moreover, the American economy has changed profoundly since the last great wave of immigration, with education now the key determinant of economic success. The costs that unskilled immigrants impose simply reflect the nature of the modern American economy and welfare state. It is doubtful that the fiscal costs can be avoided if our immigration policies remain unchanged. Center For Immigration Study",0
10819,AWESOME! Watch President Trump and Leaders Inaugurate Center For Combating Extremist Ideology [Video],"What a great photo of President Trump joined by the President of Egypt and Saudi King Salman to inaugurate The Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology.Essentially the center appears to be a Saudi data hub for monitoring multiple media and social media platforms, detecting extremist sentiments and countering the concerning rhetoric with positive social media messaging. In the U.S. we have the NSA cyber command monitoring system. Hoping this will help in the war on ISIS and other terrorists. We ll see  ",0
10820,BREAKING NEWS: Reince Priebus Makes Early Return Home From Trump’s First Foreign Trip,"The White House confirmed to FOX Business that Priebus would be heading back to Washington D.C. after the stop in Saudi Arabia, part of the president s visit to the Middle East, and insisted this was always part of the administration s plan.Natalie Strom, assistant press secretary at the White House, told FOX Business,  It has always been planned for Reince to return to Washington following the Saudi Arabia portion of the trip. It s a big week in D.C. for the president s agenda with our budget release coming soon and discussions continuing on tax reform, so he s needed back at home for that. When asked which other officials would be coming home, Strom said,  Only a few senior administration officials are staying on for the whole trip, which is typical for these kinds of trips. They re attending the stops that most pertain to their responsibilities. Off the top of my head I know that Secretary [of State] Tillerson and General McMaster won t be on for the entirety. As FOX Business reported Friday, Priebus s position in the White House is once again in jeopardy as National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney are a few of the candidates under consideration to replace him if the president decides to go that route, according to sources close to the situation.On Friday, the White House did not deny the possibility that Priebus could be replaced.While the administration may believe it s typical for some officials to stay and others to head home, according to experts outside the White House, it s unusual for a chief of staff to head home early on such an important trip.   FOX Business ",0
10821,DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN YELLS “All Together Now…F*ck Donald Trump!”…Crowd Shoots Middle Finger At Stage [VIDEO],"AP reported:California s elected Democrats had tough words for President Donald Trump and the GOP Congress on Saturday, urging their party s fired-up activists to work against the 14 Republicans in the state s congressional delegation.The party s leaders blasted Trump s alleged ties to Russia and presented California as the epicenter of liberal resistance to the president. The world, literally the world, is counting on all of you, counting on California to reject Trump s deception and destructiveness,  said Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, who is among a crowded field of Democrats running for governor next year.U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, often mentioned as a potential candidate for president in 2020, accused Trump of putting  Russia first, America second. In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad!",0
10822,"BRAVO! PRESIDENT TRUMP Renews America’s Standing As World Leader With Historical, No Apologies Speech To Arab Nations [VIDEO]"," Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person, and falsely  invokes the name of God, it should be an insult to every person of faith. Terrorists do not worship God. They worship death.    President Donald J. TrumpDonald Trump insisted in a speech addressing global  Islamic extremism  that Muslim leaders must scare would-be terrorists into submission, warning them about the impact suicide bombings will have on their immortal souls. Religious leaders must make this absolutely clear: Barbarism will deliver you no glory   piety to evil will bring you no dignity,  Trump said in a sumptuous Saudi ballroom that put Mar-a-Lago to shame. If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be fully condemned,  he said. Heroes don t kill innocents,  a confident Trump declared at the King Abdulaziz Conference Center in Riyadh.  They save them. The president urged 55 world leaders from Arab and other Muslim nations to  drive out  terrorists from every corner of their lives   including mosques   in a zero-tolerance approach that lines up with his 2016 campaign rhetoric. Drive them out!  he said.  Drive them out of your places of worship, Drive them out of your communities. Drive them out of your holy lands, and drive them out of this earth,  he trumpeted.Trump s performance was forceful at times but largely a cautious, measured and presidential-sounding effort, raising his voice only once. With God s help this summit will mark the beginning of the end for those who practice terror and spread its vile creed,  the president said.Trump insisted that fighting terrorism is  a battle between good and evil,  not between  different faiths, different sects, or different civilizations. Terrorists do not worship God. They worship death,  Trump declared.  If we do not act against this organized terror, then we know what will happen and what will be the end result. He predicted that in the absence of multi-nation commitments to action,  peaceful societies will be engulfed by violence, and the futures of many generations will be sadly squandered. And if the world doesn t unite to fight ISIS, al-Qaeda, Hezbollah, Hamas and other groups, he said,  not only will we be judged by our people, not only will we be judged by history, we will be judged by God. Trump said Middle Eastern nations  can t wait  for the U.S. to solve the terror problem for them. Muslim-majority countries must take the lead in combating radicalization,  he said.Trump took pains to isolate Iran in his speech, saying the Islamic republican is spreading  destruction and chaos  throughout the Middle East and gives terrorists  safe harbor, financial backing and the social standing needed for recruitment. Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, too, declared on Sunday that  the Iranian regime has been the spearhead of global terrorism. Trump called defeating global terrorism  history s great test,  as he urged summit attendees to  vanquish the forces that terrorism brings with it every single time. Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear, safe from violence and innocent from hatred,  Trump said. This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life, and decent people of all religions who seek to protect it,  Trump said, reading from teleprompters.Watch video here:King Salman seemed to agree with Trump s most aggressive and foreboding statement   that jihadi terrorists place their souls at risk. Our way to achieve the goals of our religion and win everlasting life in heaven is to promote the tolerant values of Islam, which are based in peace and moderation,  he said in introducing Trump from behind a desk onstage. There is no honor in committing murder,  he said through a translator.  Islam is the religion of peace and tolerance.   it considers killing an innocent soul tantamount to killing all of humanity. Salman called on Gulf Cooperation Council leaders to  reject extremism, work on fighting all forms of terrorism, stop its financing and its propagation, dry up its sources, and stand firm in confronting this scourge that poses a danger to all of humanity. And he pledged to prosecute terrorists and terror financing, to  eradicate  the ISIS terror army  and other terrorist organizations regardless of their religious, sect or ideology.    Daily Mail ",0
10823,DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN YELLS “All Together Now…F*ck Donald Trump!” [Video],"The classless Democrats are at it again. The over-the-top potty talk by the Chairman Tom Perez was bad enough but now the California Dem Chairman has raised the bar on nastiness. He prompts the crowd to yell out  F@ck Donald Trump!  The kicker is that Nancy Pelosi was caught laughing with the crowd. How unbelievably childish are these people?AP reported:California s elected Democrats had tough words for President Donald Trump and the GOP Congress on Saturday, urging their party s fired-up activists to work against the 14 Republicans in the state s congressional delegation.The party s leaders blasted Trump s alleged ties to Russia and presented California as the epicenter of liberal resistance to the president. The world, literally the world, is counting on all of you, counting on California to reject Trump s deception and destructiveness,  said Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, who is among a crowded field of Democrats running for governor next year.U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, often mentioned as a potential candidate for president in 2020, accused Trump of putting  Russia first, America second. In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad!",0
10824,LIVE STREAM: PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Historic Speech To The Muslim World: “Honestly confronting Islamist extremism” [Video],"President Trump is scheduled to deliver a historic speech in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia during the Arab Islamic American Summit. The venue is The King Abdulaziz Conference Center and the scheduled time is approximately 10:00 a.m. EDTThe full speech the president will give should be historic and bold.It s billed as a call to the Muslim world to unite against common enemies and strengthen partnerships. Honestly confronting Islamist extremism Finally!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTw_wMiUGI0President Trump will deliver a great AMERICA FIRST speech that will resonate around the world.SAUDI ARABIA TAKES REAL STEPS TO CONQUER ISIS:Saudi Arabia is taking new steps to counter the messages of Islamic State and other Islamist militant groups online, a senior Saudi official said on Saturday, as U.S. President Donald Trump began a visit to the kingdom.Mohammed al-Issa, secretary-general of the Saudi-based Muslim World League, told reporters the kingdom will open a coordinating center on Sunday in an inauguration ceremony attended by Trump and Saudi King Salman.Saudi Arabia aims to take the fight beyond military action  because we know these groups can only be defeated if we defeat their ideology , he said.Read more: Yahoo ",0
10825,HILARIOUS! FOX News’ Greg Gutfeld Introduces New Sponsor Of His Show…”Victima” [VIDEO],"At the start of the Fox News Greg Gutfeld Show, Gutfeld showed a hilarious clip mocking the hysteria of the Democrat Party. Gutfeld began his show by telling his viewers,  I m really excited to introduce a new sponsor to our show. It s a new drug. It s called  Victima'  Gutfeld went on to explain that the drug was created to help Democrats who are feeling defeated after the brutal election of Donald Trump cope:  When identity politics no longer work, try  Victima .America s been witnessing the embarrassing meltdown of liberals ever since President Trump shocked the world with his stinging defeat of Crooked Hillary, so Gutfeld decided to have a little fun by mocking the embarrassing behavior of the left.The voice in the commercial mimics the typical TV drug commercials with sappy music playing in the background:  It s not what it used to be. It used to be fine.The Democratic Party it s not performong.It s slow, sluggish, confused, prone to fits of despair. It may be time for  Victima . Victims, when your old identity politics no longer work, Victima gives you that added boost to get you to where you want to be. When I take Victima, I see everyone as a  racist . It really works. Watch:Ironically, FOX News fired Bob Beckel, the only liberal on the Gutfeld Show the day after this show aired, after he allegedly made a  racist  remark that offended a black employee working at FOX. Hmmm ",0
10826,IS TIM ALLEN’S “Last Man Standing” About To Be Revived After “Passionate” Conservatives Express Outrage Over ABC’s Decision To Cancel Show?,"Tim Allen took to Twitter to express his disappointment after discovering that the second highest rated comedy TV series on ABC,  Last Man Standing  was going to be cancelled:Stunned and blindsided by the network I called home for the last six years. #lastmanstanding  Tim Allen (@ofctimallen) May 16, 2017Many of his fans commented in support of his courage to stand up for his conservative views:Thanks for standing up and speaking out against the PC police for as long as you could, Tim.  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 16, 2017Conservative comedian Mark Dice also reminded him that his comments on a recent Jimmy Kimmel show about how it was tough to be a conservative in Hollywood, was likely the final straw that caused ABC to cancel his show: You calling out the Liberals for their insanity on Jimmy Kimmel was the last straw for the Network, but someone had to do it. Thanks, Tim!  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) May 16, 2017A petition was started last week by  Last Man Standing  fans and now has over 371K signatures. The petition asks ABC to reconsider their decision to cancel the  Last Man Standing  and to renew the show. Here is the LINK to that petition:The petition to ABC reads:Despite consistently high rankings, especially considering the time slot in which it is aired, Tim Allen s show  Last Man Standing  has been cancelled by the network on which it is aired, ABC. Last Man Standing stands out in the sea of network television sitcoms.  It is a show that appeals to a broad swath of Americans who find very few shows that extol the virtues with which they can identify; namely conservative values. Last Man Standing was not just selling conservative ideals though, as some of the characters in the show are clearly of the liberal persuasion, yet the characters on the show all manage to get along and take care of one another, despite their politically opposed views.  The show is about more than politics though, it is about family.  In fact, politics is only a secondary part of the show, but one in which many Americans can readily identify. Last Man Standing is one of the only shows on broadcast television, and the only sitcom, that is not constantly shoving liberal ideals down the throats of the viewers.  And sadly, that is likely the real reason the show has been cancelled.The intent of this petition/boycott is to attempt to get ABC to renew the show.  With that in mind, I will no longer be watching any ABC shows.  I have cancelled the DVR settings for the other ABC shows that I regularly watch.  If you want to help try to save Last Man Standing, I encourage you to do the same.  Even if you are not willing to boycott the network, but still want to save the show, please sign this petition and share it.  If you do plan to boycott ABC, please say so when you sign.  Let them hear our voices.Now, Studio 20th Century Fox Television is looking for a new home for canceled Tim Allen comedy  Last Man Standing. Speaking to Variety Thursday, studio presidents Jonnie Davis and Howard Kurtzman said that they were surprised by ABC s decision to pull the plug on the show. That s the one that s really an open sore right now,  Davis said. Kurtzman added,  We really were expecting a pickup. The fact that we didn t get a pickup was a surprise and a disappointment. I think no one was more disappointed than Tim Allen, such a huge star with such a huge following. But the series, which was ABC s second most-watched comedy last season behind  Modern Family,  may not be dead. Asked whether  Last Man Standing  would be shopped to other networks, Kurtzman said,  We re starting to explore that. If it s not going to go forward at ABC, of course Jonnie and I are hopeful that we can find another home for it. Political and social conservatives have been vocal in their disappointment over the show s end. Allen, its star and executive producer, is conservative and a supporter of President Trump.Speaking to reporters Tuesday, ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey denied that  Last Man Standing  was canceled because of Allen s right-leaning politics, and said that it was, instead, a scheduling decision.  Once we made the decision not to continue with comedy on Friday, it was just kind of that s where we landed,  she said.  VarietyTime will tell if ABC s fan base is more important to them than their liberal views ",0
10827,CNN’S ANDERSON “POOPER” Responds After Outcry Over ‘Crude’ Swipe At Trump Supporter [Video],"CNN host Anderson Cooper apologized for a  crude  remark directed at President Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord during his show on Friday, calling his comment  unprofessional.  IN CASE YOU MISSED IT, THE VIDEO IS BELOW THIS VIDEO OF THE APOLOGY.BTW, here's @anderscooper's on air apology for what he said were ""crude"" comments@realJeffreyLord still having a laugh about it pic.twitter.com/1gWuHqLPjY  Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) May 20, 2017 During a segment on AC360, Cooper verbally sparred with Lord, a CNN political commentator, over revelations that Trump reportedly told Russian officials that former FBI Director James Comey is a  nut job  who was adding pressure to the ongoing investigation of possible interference in the 2016 election. Clearly frustrated with Lord s response to the matter, Cooper interrupted the conservative pundit and interjected with a not-so-subtle jab. If he took a dump on his desk, you would defend it,  Cooper told Lord.  I don t know what he would do that you would not defend. IN CASE YOU MISSED THIS HORRIBLE TV MOMENT:""If he took a dump on his desk you would defend it.""  @andersoncooper what?   pic.twitter.com/nD8ZfZKtVN  Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) May 20, 2017 First it was the childish eye roll to Kellyanne Conway and now it s potty humor How professional!",0
10828,"RUSH LIMBAUGH, WIFE KATHRYN, SEAN HANNITY and Ethel Kennedy Attend Roger Ailes Funeral Under Heavy Security [VIDEO]","Radio host and frequent FOX News contributor Laura Ingraham and Fox News   The Five  host Kimberly Guilfoyle were seen leaving the funeral service for former FOX News chief Roger Ailes with Sean Hannity.  Kimberly Guilfoyle was one of the few women at FOX News who stood up for Roger Ailes when he was being accused of sexually harassment by former Fox and Friends host Gretchen Carlson. Guilfoyle tweeted a message of support for the Ailes family on Twitter following his death:RIP #RogerAiles sending my love and prayers to Beth & Zachary. Roger was a friend and a mentor to so many of us @FoxNews he will be missed  Kimberly Guilfoyle (@kimguilfoyle) May 18, 2017Guilfoyle also bravely eulogized Ailes on FOX News. It was her current bosses the Murdoch boys, who fired Roger Ailes, the man who put FOX News at the top of the ratings due to allegations of sexually harassment by Gretchen Carlson and later from former FOX host Megyn Kelly:Former Fox News boss Roger Ailes was eulogized in the town of Palm Beach at St. Edward Roman Catholic church Saturday morning in a service heavy with references to suffering. Beth (Ailes wife, Elizabeth) came to me Friday and asked that I officiate,  St. Edward Monsignor Thomas J. Klinzing told DailyMail.com.  She asked me to base some of my reading on the theme of suffering. I believe Roger suffered quite a bit with those accusations. Klingzing was referring to Ailes  firing from the network he founded last year after fired FNC anchorwoman Gretchen Carlson accused him of sexual harassment followed by other women coming forward with similar accusations.Ailes  coffin was carried out at 11am to the altar of the 90-year-old church, famously President John F. Kennedy s Winter White House church, as five members of the Palm Beach Police Department presented the colors.The ceremony was kept secret by Ailes family members and was attended by fewer than 100 family and friends, and took place with heavy security under the watch of three private security guards.The media guru and political strategist died on Thursday in Palm Beach, Florida aged 77.Rush Limbaugh and his wife Kathryn were in the front row. Douglas Kennedy, a nephew of JFK who works at Fox News, read from Letters of Paul to the Romans, a passage about how nothing can separate a believer from the love of God.Sean Hannity read a responsorial psalm. I wouldn t be what I am today without Roger,  Hannity told DailyMail.com exclusively after the funeral.  He took me as a local radio host in Atlanta and gave me the opportunity of a lifetime. He saw things in people that no one else would see. He is an American patriot of the highest level. For entire story: Daily Mail",0
10829,SOFT COUP ALERT: Shocking Percentage Of Negative Coverage On Trump Will Blow Your Mind!,"The Harvard study below will blow your mind! If you had any doubt Trump is being sabotaged by the main stream media and Washington old guards, look no further Coverage of President Trump is 93% negative! This is over the top! Our media and politicians are doing everything they can to destroy Trump How negative was press coverage of President Trump s first 100 days in office? Far more than that of Barack Obama, George W. Bush, or Bill Clinton, according to a new report from the Harvard Kennedy School s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy.The Harvard scholars analyzed the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post and the main newscasts (not talk shows) of CBS, CNN, Fox and NBC during Trump s initial time in office. They found, to no one s surprise, that Trump absolutely dominated news coverage in the first 100 days. And then they found that news coverage was solidly negative   80 percent negative among those outlets studied, versus 20 percent positive.The numbers for previous presidents: Barack Obama, 41 percent negative, 59 percent positive; George W. Bush, 57 percent negative, 43 percent positive; and Bill Clinton, 60 percent negative, 40 percent positive.Accusations of bias aside, it s simply a fact that a number of negative things happened in Trump s opening 100 days. The Russia investigation, for example, was a source of endless criticism from Democrats and other Trump opponents. The travel ban executive order led to intense argument and losses for the administration in the courts. The healthcare debacle created more negative coverage because it was a major screwup and a setback for both Trump and House Republicans.That said, the coverage of some news organizations was so negative, according to the Harvard study, that it seems hard to argue that the coverage was anywhere near a neutral presentation of facts. Assessing the tone of news coverage, the Harvard researchers found that CNN s Trump coverage was 93 percent negative, and seven percent positive. The researchers found the same numbers for NBC.Obama and Hillary s hero had this to say about taking down an enemy:Obama Campaign Manager and Senior Adviser had this to say about Trump last June: IT IS NOT ENOUGH TO SIMPLY BEAT TRUMP. HE MUST BE DESTROYED THOROUGHLY. HIS KIND MUST NOT RISE AGAIN. Read more: WE",0
10830,LOL! DEMOCRATS’ “Poster Child For Stupidity” Can’t Tell MSNBC Host What Her Party Stands For Besides Hating Trump [VIDEO],"Rep. Maxine Waters (D., Calif.) struggled Friday on MSNBC to explain what the Democratic Party stands for besides opposing President Trump.Waters has been one of the most outspoken critics of Trump in Congress, repeatedly calling for his impeachment and insisting that if investigators  connect the dots,  then his campaign s alleged collusion with Russia will become apparent.Given Waters  public profile as a staunch Trump opponent, MSNBC host Katy Tur asked the lawmaker what Democrats actually stand for beyond opposing Trump s agenda. Congresswoman, what do the Democrats stand for other than being against Donald Trump?  Tur asked.  What do you stand for other than trying to get Donald Trump impeached? Everyone knows that I am the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee and that I have spent many, many hours and days implementing the Dodd-Frank reforms,  Waters responded.The California Democrat proceeded to frame her work on Dodd-Frank in the context of opposing Republicans, which Tur noted. We pushed back on the Republicans, we fight against them,  Waters said.  [They] attempt[ed] to go get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau before we came up with the reforms under Dodd-Frank. Tur pushed back. Are Democrats focusing enough on their ideas?  she asked.Waters then went on to explain how effective the Democrat Party has been in their organizing efforts to disrupt town halls where Republican political leaders are speaking to their constituents. Listen, if you have not been keeping up with the town halls that have been going on,  Waters said, referring to the protesters at many Republican town halls, where we have basically organized America around the [Affordable Care Act] and protected Obamacare and the thousands of people who have come out who now are very much informed about the difference between Obamacare and Trumpcare.   WFBWhat Maxine doesn t understand is that when Tea Party members attended town hall meetings across American and challenged their elected leaders on reckless tax legislation they didn t need to be organized by the Republican Party. Tea Party members weren t just targeting Democrat politicians, they were targeting anyone who they felt wasn t representing the people who elected them into office. ",0
10831,PRESIDENT TRUMP Lands in Saudi Arabia to Rare Red Carpet Treatment,"President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrived in Saudi Arabia to rare red carpet treatment. What a great way to begin the  President s first foreign trip that will last 9 days.Several symbolic gestures by the Saudis show a sign of respect and friendship. This is very different from when Obama went to Saudi Arabia last year and the kind didn t even come to the airport to greet him. He touched down in the Middle East this morning, hours after tweeting about his excitement for his first  big foreign trip.  Trump flew to the capital Riyadh overnight on Air Force One   becoming the only president to make Saudi Arabia, or any majority Muslim country, his first stop overseas as president. His arrival following a 6,700-mile flight was met with the pomp usually reserved for the likes of a Papal welcome in South America. The president got the red carpet treatment   literally   and some airport workers took off their shoes before manicuring it with brooms in 97-degree heat.Another symbolic gesture by the kingdom: There were 30 U.S. flags at the ready, a tiny fraction of the thousands that line streets and highways between the airport and the city center.The king greeted President Trump at the bottom of the stairs   a very rare scene.A 90-person Royal Saudi Air Forces honor guard practiced rifle drills and then stood at attention while Trump and his kingly escort ambled toward the terminal.Melania and Ivanka Trump seemed determine to make a statement by deplaning without head coverings.This was a  rare sight among women in Riyadh whose main choices are the hijab and the niqab. The King shook First Lady Melania Trump s hand   a rare scene.Still, the first lady stayed a half-dozen steps behind King Salman and her politician-husband, escorted by a lone U.S. Marine in full dress uniform. After a welcome ceremony inside the Royal Terminal, Trump and Salman sat together in  The Beast,  the White House s armored SUV that travels in the belly of Air Force One. The first stop was the glitzy Ritz-Carlton, whose exterior is being lit up at night with giant projected images of the American flag. Trump s first overseas speech is expected to frame the global fight against ISIS and other Islamist terror groups as a  battle between good and evil    but early drafts suggest he will not use the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism.  He will also call on leaders in the Middle East to  drive out terrorists from your places of worship.  Signs of American caution are everywhere as the president who once campaigned on the strength of excluding Muslims from the U.S. ventured into the nation whose king partners in construction with the Bin Laden Group. U.S. military snipers stood guard on nearby jetways. A duplicate Air Force One 747 jet stood by, lest Trump s schedule should be waylaid by engine trouble.Read more: Daily Mail",0
10832,OUTRAGE! Student Threatens Violence Against Trump In High School Yearbook Quote,"The double standard here is unbelievable! We just reported on a high school student in big trouble for saying  Build the Wall  in her yearbook quote. That s pretty harmless but the school took back the yearbooks .Fast forward and a high school student wrote out their thoughts on President Trump in the yearbook I would like to behead him. I do not like him. See the huge difference here?MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)   Just under a month after a Big Lake trap team s photo was banned from the high school yearbook, another high school yearbook photo is making news.For its 2017 yearbook, Brainerd High School dedicated a page to President Donald Trump. Editors asked students their thoughts on the president, and shared the quotes next to their picture.One sophomore said,  I would like to behead him. I do not like him. The photo went viral, sparking controversy on Twitter. Now, that student is telling her side of the story. I was so confused, because at first, I didn t ever remember saying that,  15-year-old Camryn said.Camryn   who asked WCCO not to reveal her last name   says she had no idea a conversation with a classmate last September would lead to nationwide attention. She says the classmate never said she was working for the yearbook when she asked about then-candidate Donald Trump. I did not say,  I want to behead him.  I did not say,  I am going to behead him.  I just said,  Well I m sure we all wouldn t mind him being beheaded,    something along those lines,  Camryn said.  But there was never the direct quote,  I do not like him. I would like to behead him. That conversation exploded on social media 8 months later, with the help of at least one celebrity. Former  Joanie Loves Chachi  actor Scott Baio shared the photo, tagging the president, the FBI, Sean Hannity and Kellyanne Conway.Read more: CBS",0
10833,CA: STATE LEGISLATORS Want Traffic Fines To Be Tied To Income…Because Of “Racism”,"Punishing rich, hard-working, white Americans one piece of legislation at a time California s state legislature is considering a bill that would change how the state assess traffic fines. Instead of a flat rate, the state would charge people depending on how much money they made. The less you make, the less you pay.State Senator Robert M. Hertzberg believes California s traffic fines are too high, and the burden is unduly put on low-income families. Many fines, don t even get paid.California is owed almost $10 billion in unpaid traffic fines, something the state tried to chip away at with an amnesty program that would allow violators pay a fraction of what they owe. California s traffic fines are some of the highest in the nation.The report goes on to make the case that the traffic fine system discriminates against poorer individuals thanks to racial profiling by police officers. ",0
10834,"IS SMITHSONIAN MUSEUM PLANNING To Make Hero Out Of Third Rate QB, Race Agitator Colin Kaepernick?","Martin Luther King Jr. would not likely be pleased to see such a divisive figure using his position as a professional athlete to promote a violent and threatening movement funded and promoted by politicians to divide our nation Colin Kaepernick s football career remains very much a question mark, but he s already left an impression on American culture, as his jersey and other gear from his protests in 2016 are now in the hands of the Smithsonian.The Smithsonian s National Museum of African American History and Culture continuously collects items of historic significance from African Americans involved in all phases of American life, and the sociologist and author Harry Edwards encouraged the museum to take a close look at Kaepernick. The former San Francisco 49ers quarterback drew nationwide attention last year when he knelt during the national anthem to protest police brutality in America.In September, 2016, the union for police officers who work San Francisco home games threatened a boycott of policing the stadium after the 49ers refused to discipline Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem and for his statements about law enforcement. If the 49ers organization fails to take action to stop this type of inappropriate behavior it could result in police officers choosing not to work at your facilities, the letter reads.  The board of directors of the Santa Clara Police Officer s Association has a duty to protect its members and work to make all of their working environments free of harassing behavior. It also criticized what it called anti-police statements made by Kaepernick, calling them  insulting, inaccurate and completely unsupported by any facts. Edwards arranged for the donation of a jersey and other equipment to the Smithsonian, but did so with a request.  I said,  Don t wait 50 years to try to get some memorabilia and so forth on Kaepernick,  Edwards said, according to USA Today.  Let me give you a game jersey, some shoes, a picture.   And it should be put right there alongside Muhammad Ali. He s this generation s Ali. Daily Wire   Adopted by white parents in Wisconsin, Kaepernick is the biological child of a white woman and a black man. He was born in 1987.Kaepernick explained his refusal to stand for the Star-Spangled Banner, expressing solidarity with the net-marxist racial narratives of Black Lives Matter: I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick describes himself as a black man in a society that  oppresses black people. Kaepernick s refusal to stand for our national anthem was considered anything but brave by many of his fans. Here s a picture of a fan burning Colin s jersey, a trend that was started shortly after Kaepernick used his position to promote the violent Black Lives Matter movement on the field as the other players honored our nation:Kaepernick remains unsigned even as players like Ryan Fitzpatrick sign deals, and there is, of course, the question of how much his very public and very controversial political stances may be harming his marketability.   Yahoo ",0
10835,BREAKING NEWS: Man With Laptop On American Airlines Flight To Honolulu Subdued After Attempting To Break Down Cockpit Door [VIDEO],"Tick tock. America will now wait until conservative news sources release his motive.UPDATE: The man who attempted to breach the cockpit has been identified as a Turkish man. Flight attendants, an off-duty Los Angeles police officer and other passengers were able to stop the man and secure him in a seat. It was all kind of surreal,  said Penny Lorenzen, a passenger on the flight.Her husband was among those who got up to try to stop the man. It took seconds,  said Lee Lorenzen, of Orange County, Calif.  He was pushing against the cart and a bunch of guys grabbed him. They found some duct tape. There were pillows and blankets. And they taped him to his chair.   Hawaii News Now A man was subdued after he tried to breach the cockpit of an American Airlines flight to Honolulu, a source familiar with the situation told ABC News.American Airlines said in a statement that law enforcement met the plane upon landing in Honolulu following a  disturbance  on the flight. The plane was escorted by two F-22 fighter jets for the duration of the flight following the disturbance, U.S. Pacific Command said in a statement.  ABC NewsA source at the TSA told ABC News that the man was waiting for the bathroom near the cockpit when a flight attendant asked him to sit down. He had a laptop with him and appeared to try the cockpit door before he was subdued, the source said.The man, whose identity was not immediately available, was escorted off American Airlines Flight 31, after it landed safely at 11:35 a.m. Hawaii Standard Time, according to a statement from the airline.A government source confirmed that he had been loitering near the restroom and was carrying a laptop. Flight attendants asked him to return to his seat and he refused.He then seemed to lunge towards the cockpit door. That s when several passengers subdued him.He was arrested on the ground by the FBI.The flight, which originated from Los Angeles, was to arrive in Honolulu about noon. The flight departed from Los Angeles International Airport at 8:34 a.m. local time.  NBC Los AngelesLATEST: 2 F-22 fighter jets escorted American Airlines Flight 31 to Honolulu Int l Airport due to disturbance on board, Pacific Command says pic.twitter.com/Ee8zTg4PN3  ABC News (@ABC) May 19, 2017",0
10836,Deputy Attorney General Doubles Down On Comey Memo: “I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it.”,"Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein doubled down today when he told Congress he stands by a memo he wrote that the White House has cited as a justification for the firing last week of FBI Director James Comey.In closed-door meetings with lawmakers on Thursday and Friday, Rosenstein said he wrote the memo after President Donald Trump told him one day before the May 9 firing that he wanted to dismiss Comey. He said that though he was personally fond of Comey,  I thought it was appropriate to seek a new leader. The Justice Department on Friday issued a transcript of Rosenstein s remarks:OPENING STATEMENT:Good afternoon. I welcome the opportunity to discuss my role in the removal of FBI Director James Comey, although I know you understand that I will not discuss the special counsel s ongoing investigation. Most importantly, I want to emphasize my unshakeable commitment to protecting the integrity of every federal criminal investigation. There never has been, and never will be, any political interference in any matter under my supervision in the United States Department of Justice.Before I discuss the events of the past two weeks, I want to provide some background about my previous relationship with former Director Comey. I have known Jim Comey since approximately 2002. In 2005, when Mr. Comey was Deputy Attorney General, he participated in selecting me to serve as a U.S. Attorney. As a federal prosecutor, he was a role model. His speeches about leadership and public service inspired me.On July 5, 2016, Director Comey held his press conference concerning the federal grand jury investigation of Secretary Clinton s emails. At the start of the press conference, the Director stated that he had  not coordinated or reviewed this statement in any way with the Department of Justice . They do not know what I am about to say. Director Comey went on to declare that he would publicly disclose  what we did; what we found; and what we are recommending to the Department of Justice.  He proceeded to disclose details about the evidence; assert that the American people  deserve  to know details; declare that no  reasonable  prosecutor would file charges; and criticize Secretary Clinton.I thought the July 5 press conference was profoundly wrong and unfair both to the Department of Justice and Secretary Clinton. It explicitly usurped the role of the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General and the entire Department of Justice; it violated deeply engrained rules and traditions; and it guaranteed that some people would accuse the FBI of interfering in the election.There are lawful and appropriate mechanisms to deal with unusual circumstances in which public confidence in the rule of law may be jeopardized. Such mechanisms preserve the traditional balance of power between investigators and prosecutors, and protect the rights of citizens.Director Comey attended the Maryland U.S. Attorney s Office training seminar on October 27, 2016, and gave a detailed explanation of his reasons for making public statements about the conclusion of the Secretary Clinton email investigation. I strongly disagreed with his analysis, but I believe that he made his decisions in good faith.The next day, October 28, Mr. Comey sent his letter to the Congress announcing that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation. He subsequently has said that he believed he was obligated to send the letter. I completely disagree. He again usurped the authority of the Department of Justice, by sending the letter over the objection of the Department of Justice; flouted rules and deeply engrained traditions; and guaranteed that some people would accuse the FBI of interfering in the election.Before the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 3, 2017, Director Comey testified under oath about his public statements concerning the Secretary Clinton email investigation. I strongly disagreed with his explanations, particularly his assertion that maintaining confidentiality about criminal investigations constitutes concealment. Nonetheless, I respected him personally.Former Department of Justice officials from both political parties have criticized Director Comey s decisions. It was not just an isolated mistake; the series of public statements about the email investigation, in my opinion, departed from the proper role of the FBI Director and damaged public confidence in the Bureau and the Department.In one of my first meetings with then-Senator Jeff Sessions last winter, we discussed the need for new leadership at the FBI. Among the concerns that I recall were to restore the credibility of the FBI, respect the established authority of the Department of Justice, limit public statements and eliminate leaks.On May 8, I learned that President Trump intended to remove Director Comey and sought my advice and input. Notwithstanding my personal affection for Director Comey, I thought it was appropriate to seek a new leader.I wrote a brief memorandum to the Attorney General summarizing my longstanding concerns about Director Comey s public statements concerning the Secretary Clinton email investigation.I chose the issues to include in my memorandum.Before finalizing the memorandum on May 9, I asked a senior career attorney on my staff to review it. That attorney is an ethics expert who has worked in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General during multiple administrations. He was familiar with the issues. I informed the senior attorney that the President was going to remove Director Comey, that I was writing a memorandum to the Attorney General summarizing my own concerns, and that I wanted to confirm that everything in my memorandum was accurate. He concurred with the points raised in my memorandum. I also asked several other career Department attorneys to review the memorandum and provide edits.My memorandum is not a legal brief; these are not issues of law.My memorandum is not a finding of official misconduct; the Inspector General will render his judgment about that issue in due course.My memorandum is not a statement of reasons to justify a for-cause termination.My memorandum is not a survey of FBI morale or performance.My memorandum is not a press release.It is a candid internal memorandum about the FBI Director s public statements concerning a high-profile criminal investigation.I sent my signed memorandum to the Attorney General after noon on Tuesday, May 9.I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it.Finally, I want to address the media claims that the FBI asked for additional resources for the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. I am not aware of any such request. Moreover, I consulted my staff and Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, and none of them recalls such a request.END OF TRANSCRIPTThe White House has struggled since Comey s firing to explain the chain of events that led to it and who exactly made the decision. Trump said as recently as Thursday that he acted on a  very strong  recommendation from Rosenstein, but Rosenstein made it clear to Congress that he drafted his memo only after Trump told him of his plans to dismiss the FBI director.He said he did not intend for the document to be a finding of misconduct or a  statement of reasons  to justify the firing, but he added:  I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it. Via: NBC Chicago",0
10837,WOW! BOB BECKEL OUT AT FOX NEWS: Host Of ‘The Five’ In Hot Water,"Bob Beckel is gone from Fox News after he was terminated for a racist comment Who knew this Democrat was as nasty as this? Wow!Variety reported:Fox News  human resources department was made aware of a complaint about what one person familiar with the situation characterized as a  racially insensitive remark  on Tuesday evening. Executives conducted an internal investigation, this person said, and decided to part ways with Beckel Friday morning.Douglas Wigdor, an attorney who represents several current and former employees who have alleged racial discrimination at Fox News in a lawsuit, said he is representing the employee who complained about Beckel. In a statement, Wigdor alleged Beckel  stormed out of his office  when an African-American information-technology employee came to service his computer,  telling our client that he was leaving his office because he was black.  Wigdor alleged Fox News executives tried to get the employee to withdraw the complaint.  As with our other 22 clients, we intend on holding 21st Century Fox accountable for these actions and will be filing multiple other complaints in other matters next week,  Wigdor said.",0
10838,BIZARRE WARNING FROM OBAMA Campaign Manager Screams Shadow Government Coup,"David Plouffe was a Campaign Manager and Senior Adviser for Obama and has many, many connections to the Deep State.A tweet (SOURCE) he sent out last June is taking on a whole new life and meaning. Do you suppose Obama s shadow government has been on this since day one of Trump s candidacy and election? This evil is to be taken seriously so this is why we feel the deep state is taking advantage of Trump s inexperience in politics. This is the exact same reason we appreciate and support President Trump. It s what s gotten Trump in trouble because he casually asked Comey to come talk to him. Seasoned politicians might have decided to skip that meeting It s not just political disagreement anymore this is much more serious. The tweet below should wake you up to the evil trying to destroy our Nation and our PRESIDENT:The photo above photo tells you all you need to know about the evil shadow government!Plouffe s twitter account shows Air force One in the background. He can t let it go YOU LOST! GET OVER IT!",0
10839,OOPS! VIDEO EMERGES Of Comey Testifying Under Oath That Trump Administration Did NOT Pressure FBI To Halt Any Investigations For Political Purposes [VIDEO],"Former FBI Director James Comey testified under Senate oath May 3rd that the Trump administration had not pressured his agency to halt any investigation for political purposes. Comey admitted that the FBI has always been free to operate without political interference flying in the face of Democrats  paranoid delusions about Russia and President Donald J. Trump, and exposing for what it is a new political witch hunt Wednesday by enemies within the president s own Justice Department.On Wednesday, DOJ appointed a special prosecutor, former FBI Director Robert Mueller, to drum up more hype about Trump s imaginary  collusion  with Russia during the general election.On May 9th, President Trump fired Comey, who has spent 15 years shilling for Hillary Clinton.Videotaped testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee blows apart the phony narrative New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt wove on Tuesday, which resulted in Mueller s appointment. Schmidt s only sources were anonymous. They claimed that on Feb. 14th, the day after National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned, Trump had asked Comey to end an investigation into Flynn s connections to Russia.  Got NewsNick Short was first to expose Comey s testimony on May 3rd, where under oath where he stated that, as it relates to Trump or his administration asking him to halt an investigation for political purposes:  It s not happened in my experience .If Trump told Comey to ""stop investigating"" as Comey memo alleges then why did Comey state this on May 3 under oath? https://t.co/5A1Zq5rpgs pic.twitter.com/rp9V4qb1hq  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) May 17, 2017",0
10840,NEW YORK TIMES WEASEL Behind Alleged Comey Memo Admits To Lyin’ Brian Williams He Never Actually Saw Memo [VIDEO],"Got News-  New York Times Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim s blogger Michael Schmidt told professional liar Brian Williams that he hadn t seen the memos that James Comey allegedly wrote.  Someone that had seen them recounted details to me,  Schmidt said in what is a breach of journalistic protocol.Schmidt has been called out for getting a story wildly wrong before thanks to his anonymous sources. Schmidt, citing his anonymous federal law enforcement sources, claimed that one of the San Bernardino terrorists had talked about jihad openly. She didn t.His boss even reprimanded him and called for  systematic changes  to the way Schmidt and Carlos Slim s blog use anonymous sources.We guess our anonymous sources are better than the Times.Schmidt s open admissions on MSNBC confirm GotNews reporting Wednesday that Schmidt hasn t in fact seen the relevant Comey documents. ",0
10841,CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON’S Latest Speech To Be Crashed By Angry HAITIANS Pushing For Answers,"Hillary Clinton always goes back to the black community and this is just another case of pandering. It s pretty sickening that she s even being asked to speak at a college commencement ANY college commencement! The Clinton GRIFTERS also owe the Haitian community answers on where money went after the Haiti earthquake relief effort.  The Haitian community is up in arms over much that happened after the 2010 earthquake. This should be interesting:Here is how the Clinton s used the money that Americans donated to help the devastated residents of Haiti to enrich themselves:On June 8, Hillary Clinton is scheduled to serve as the Class of 2017 commencement speaker at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn, New York, where she will also be awarded an honorary degree. The announcement has incited protests from several members of the Haitian community who plan to protest the speech and are pushing the college s president, Rudy Crew, to rescind the invitation.PANDERING TO THE BLACK COMMUNITY IN TIMES OF TROUBLE: Every time the Clintons get in a bind, they run to the black community to whitewash their tarnished image,  said Komokoda, the Haitian group protesting the speech, in a statement.  After Bill Clinton was impeached for lying under oath in the Monica Lewinsky affair, he brought in Jesse Jackson and a host of black preachers to lead prayers with him at the White House. To divert attention from her  deleted emails  debacle, Hillary had Bill DeBlasio s wife, Chirlane McCray, bring her to Brownsville, one of the most impoverished neighborhoods in Brooklyn, for a photo op with little black children. When newspaper editorials and cartoons were blasting her for her unending lies and demanding investigations and prosecutions, former New York City mayor David Dinkins brought her out for a keynote speech at his Dinkins Leadership & Public Policy Forum at Columbia University. Today, for her resurrection from a shameful defeat by the last person most reasonable people felt could ever be president of the United States, the dirty work falls to Rudy Crew. HAITI RELIEF SCAM   QUESTIONS REMAIN:The Clintons  role in Haiti has incited immense criticism and has tarnished their relationship with the Haitian community. In 2010, Haiti suffered a massive earthquake. Several NGOs and the United Nations flocked to Haiti to help relief efforts, but their intervention came with several costs. In 2011, UN Peacekeepers caused a massive cholera outbreak that killed at least 9,500 people and sickened 800,000 others. During this time, Bill Clinton served as the United Nations Special Envoy to Haiti while Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state. While the Clinton Foundation has staunchly defended their role in Haiti, their involvement in the country has been far from successful.  Many of the most notable investments the Clintons helped launch, such as the new Marriott in the capital, have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and the island s ruling elite, who needed little help to begin with,  wrote Jonathan Katz for Politico in 2015.For Komokoda and many Haitians, the Clintons epitomize NGOs and corporations exploiting the crisis and relief efforts in Haiti for their own gain. Haitians also blame the Clintons for the controversial rule of former Haitian President Michel Martelly, who stepped down in February 2016 due to his record of corruption after the Clintons helped him get elected in 2010.MORE ON THE CLINTON FOUNDATION SCAM ON HAITI:Read more: Observer",0
10842,GERMANY KICKING RESIDENTS OUT To Make Way For Refugees: Nurse Shocked After Being Kicked Out Of Same Flat For 16 Years,"Stories of governments removing citizens from their homes and apartments in European nations and replacing them with migrants in need of government subsidized housing is becoming more and more common. The Obama regime set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  or social engineering. Will our legislators be able to stop the insanity of displacing citizens who are receiving housing subsidies from our government in favor of refugees or illegal aliens? Having lived in the same flat for 16 years, a German woman is being forced to move out to make way for refugees, because building a new shelter is too expensive. The 51 year-old nurse, who has helped asylum seekers in the past, was shocked by the news.Bettina Halbey, who lives alone in the small town of Nieheim, received a letter from her landlord and the local municipality at the start of September, Die Welt newspaper reported on Thursday. I was completely shocked and I can t even begin to find the words to describe how the city has treated me,  Halbey told the German publication.  I have had to go through a lot of difficulties recently, and then I get this notice. It was like a kick in the teeth. Halbey will have until May 2016 to find a new place to live, along with her dog and her cat. The three-story building, where she rented a 90 sq/m flat will now be turned into accommodation for refugees, who are seeking to make Germany their new home.The mayor of Nieheim, Rainer Vidal, which has a population of just over 6,000, defended the decision to send the nurse packing, saying converting the building would be  the cheapest option. A new residential unit for 30 refugees in Nieheim would cost  30,000 ($33,600). This solution will cost me nothing,  he told Die Welt.Over half the population of Germany lives in rented accommodation and the country has laws to defend the rights of tenants. Normally, only a private individual can terminate the terms of a contract for personal use. A municipality cannot move into a flat as a legal entity, so the process is legally highly questionable,  Ulrich Ropertz, spokesman of the German Tenants  Federation, told the Telegraph. Via: RT News",0
10843,BRILLIANT! SCHOLAR VICTOR DAVIS HANSON Utterly Demolishes Trump-Putin Collusion Narrative [Video],"This is by far the best analysis yet of the entire ordeal of the Trump-Russia collusion lie. Victor Davis Hanson goes through what brought us to where we are with this charade. He goes through all of the things that Obama and Clinton did that could be misconstrued as supporting the Russians Remember the sale of our uranium? How about the big reset button that Hillary Clinton presented to the Russians Yes, if President Trump did any of that he would be accused of working for the Kremlin.https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=Y5TPHHGG6HEHanson calls this entire case the  BIG LIE  and we couldn t agree more! He nails it! We think Tucker needs to bring Hanson back ASAP!",0
10844,‘STAY WOKE’? Democrat Lawmakers And Protesters Call For Conservative Websites To Be Banned: “We must insist that our freedom of speech is preserved.”… Huh?,"This is truly where we re heading with freedom of speech in America and it s scary. There are people on the left who want to silence conservatives. The only speech allowed is the speech from the left. Sounds very 1930 s Germany to us. The left wants you to march in lock-step to what they say or they ll beat the h*ll out of you. Just try and wear a  Make America Great Again  hat to a rally and see what the lefties do to you. This is disturbing but what s even more disturbing is that we have lawmakers who are going overboard in their rhetoric Barbara Lee is a great example of this: STAY WOKE!    DEMOCRAT BARBARA LEEDemocratic lawmakers joined alt-left protesters who want to ban conservative news websites at a protest outside of the Federal Communications Commission, Thursday.Rep. Barbara Lee (D. Calif.) told the crowd of protesters and antifa members to  stay woke  in fighting against FCC chairman Ajit Pai s proposal to roll back Obama era net neutrality rules.Politico Pro reported that four Democrats joined the protest, which included members of the alt-left groups who have targeted Pai and held protests in his neighborhood. Politico did not mention protesters wearing masks and identifying themselves as part of the antifa movement. They held signs advocating to ban news websites such as the Drudge Report and Breitbart. We must stay vigilant,  Lee said.  We must insist that our freedom of speech is preserved. Senators Ron Wyden (D., Ore.), Ed Markey (D., Mass.), and Rep. Jared Polis (D., Colo.) also  joined the activists  protesting Pai s proposal, which would bring less regulation for Internet service providers.The FCC voted 2-1 Thursday afternoon to begin the process of reversing net neutrality rules, including Title II, which subjected Internet companies to regulations on how they can manage traffic on their networks. The proposal will now be open to public comment for 90 days.Politico mentioned Protect Our Internet as one of the groups that organized the FCC protest, but failed to mention the group s ties to members of DisruptJ20 and antifa, which have been involved in violent protests against the presidential inauguration and conservative speakers on college campuses.Read more: Washington Free Beacon",0
10845,MAXINE DOUBLES DOWN ON CRAZY: MSNBC Host Has Hard Time Keeping Straight Face When Maxine Reveals Who She Believes Fed Trump “Crooked Hillary” and “Lock Her Up” Lines [VIDEO],"The funniest part of the video comes when MSNBC guest host Ben Stein attempts to force Maxine to give an actual reason why President Trump should be impeached and unhinged Maxine goes off on her theory about who came up with the very popular (and accurate) nick-name of  Crooked Hillary  for Hillary Clinton during the campaign. And as a bonus, Waters also embarrassingly admits she thinks the same person is responsible for the term  lock her up  that actually came from Trump s fans at his massive rallies. It s pretty obvious that President Trump and his supporters have gotten so deep under Maxine s thin skin LOL!Stein asked Waters somewhat incredulously if she felt that the Kremlin was involved in developing strategy to sink Hillary Clinton. Just to be clear, we haven t there s been no actual evidence yet of collusion,  said Stein. No, it has not been,  replied Waters. And I want you to know, every time I ve talked about impeachment, I ve said we ve got to connect the dots, we ve got to get the facts, we ve got to do the investigation. That is what leads to impeachment and I also said that Trump will lead us right there,  she added. For entire story- Townhall",0
10846,BOOM! SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM: I Have Reason to Believe Clinton Camp and DOJ Colluded on Hillary Investigation [Video],"Senator Lindsey Graham:  I have reason to believe DNC, Hillary & DOJ Colluded on Hillary email Investigation. So lets get to the bottom of THAT! We should focus on the DOJ and the other intel agencies being politicized causing their efforts to get to the truth to be compromised.Think back on the  chance  meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on the tarmac. Lynch compromised herself when she lied about the reason for their meeting. Yes, she lied. Anyone who thinks they just say on the tarmac and talked about grandkids is a total idiot. There is no way they didn t discuss things about the email investigation into Hillary.Don t forget about the emails from Wikileaks and all of the back and forth about the email investigation.",0
10847,BOOM! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: The ONLY Crime Committed “Senators were under surveillance by Obama administration” [Video],"This is one of the best accounts we ve seen of who REALLY committed a crime in all of this craziness. Judge Napolitano is dead on with his assessment of the unmasking for political reasons: Were senators under surveillance by Obama administration? Rand Paul and other Senators were under surveillance for political purposes according to Senator Paul. The unmasking using the name that was unmasked for political reasons is a FELONY. The principal unmasker is Susan Rice so Susan Rice needs to be dealt with. Did she unmask illegally and for political purposes?Senator Rand Paul talks about FBI Director James Comey being fired by President Donald Trump. Paul believes Comey should have been fired a long time ago for some major missteps during his tenure including the terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida. Paul also talks about Susan Rice unmasking Innocent Americans and spying on them, the Obama administration spying on Donald Trump and other Republicans.",0
10848,WOW! DEMOCRAT DENNIS KUCUNICH WARNS: Deep State Is Trying to Take Down The President – It Needs to Stop,Deep State Is Trying to Take Down a President   It Needs to Stop   Dennis Kucinich goes there and tells Sean Hannity that the deep state is trying to destroy America as we know it. This man is a Democrat who is brave enough to speak out!  You have a politicization of the agencies. That is resulting in leaks from anonymous unknown people and the intention is to take down a president.This is very dangerous to America.It is a threat to our republic. It constitutes a clear and present danger to our way of life.What is the motive of these people? Who s putting these leaks out? Why isn t somebody coming forward to make that charge and put their name and their reputation behind it instead of attacking through the media and not substantiating their position? ,0
10849,“GOOD-BYE SWEDEN”: How Muslim Violence…Porous Borders And Horrible Health Care Drove Swedish Blogger To U.S.A.,"This blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of America. Unless we all find a way to stand together and stop Barack Obama and the Democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population This is the last post on this blog. I am leaving Sweden for good shortly, and will no longer be following its descent from what was once the third most prosperous country in the world. Frankly, it s just too damn depressing.I was born and raised in Sweden, which leaves a cultural mark even though I moved to USA in the 1990s and have spent the better part of my adult life as an American. Coming back for a few years has been a shocking experience.When I was a child, Sweden was a dull yet very safe place to live. Yes, there was a heavy blanket of socialism and collectivist values covering everything, but there was a core of pragmatism beneath the redness. The intention and goal was always to benefit the citizens, even though they went about things in a backwards manner.Prime minister L fven Today, it s as if the inmates are running the asylum. The politicians are participating in a chicken race of  goodness  where everybody tries to one-up each other in caring for the citizens of OTHER countries while Swedish retirees, school children, handicapped and other vulnerable categories of people are thorougly ignored. Violence is exploding. Jihadist Trojan horses are flowing through the porous border along with the tens of thousands ID-less refugees.But what makes me the most pessimistic about Sweden s future is how the social fabric itself has been undermined.Now, to be clear, it is my opinion that modest immigration is healthy for society and beneficial for trade, cultural development and so forth. Protectionism as a concept is counter-productive, while free trade and the ability for skilled labor to go where they re in demand is beneficial for everyone.Having said that, what Sweden is doing is something completely different. The once homogenous population has been forever altered by a rapid and massive addition of people from vastly different cultures and value-systems. 26,8% of the population is now foreign-born or with at least one foreign-born parent, and the national census bureau estimates that some 150 000 per year will arrive to the country of just 9,8 million residents.There simply is no possible way to absorb and assimilate such volumes of people, period. Then you are merely creating ethnic enclaves, which due to incompatible language, culture and job skills become ghettos, which in turns brews crime, misery and extremism. Once the inflow has exceeded the capacity for absorbtion, further immigration only makes the problem worse.It s like someone having read that a cup of green tea per day is healthy, so they make it a policy to chug four gallons per day, every day. It s a good thing overdone to the extreme until it becomes toxic.Then you have the Swedish school system. There really is no nice way to put it; it s a complete disaster. The minister of education is a man-boy who spends his time making Youtube-videos showing heart-signs with his hands to boost school results, while university-level students can t read and comprehend the course literature.Education minister Gustav FridolinSince there is a delay in the changes in the school system, it is only in recent years the full impact of the knowledge-averse  progressive  school system is starting to be felt. Hard facts are largely irrelevant; the important thing is to sit in a group and discuss things until a consensus is reached. But with no hard facts to base the conclusions on, it becomes an exercise in futility because it s all random assumptions and opinions. As a university-level history student (!) was quoted as saying in newspaper Svenska Dagbladet the other day:  Why would all these dates matter? Who cares in what order things happened? That s not exactly fertile soil for creating the researchers and engineers of the future.Financially, Sweden is an oddity in that it never had its real estate correction when Lehman Bros went belly-up and the housing market everywhere in the West crashed. Sweden just kept steaming ahead, which means housing is ridiculously overinflated. In Stockholm, the real estate prices increased 19% and in Gothenburg 24% in the last 12 months alone   from an already sky-high level.Tear-down abandoned house from 1932 with small, unremarkable lot in the outskirts of Stockholm. Current bid: 7,5 million SEK, or close to $900,000.As a result, personal debt of the Swedish population is at an all-time high. To keep all this afloat the normal mortgage interest rates are at 2% with central bank Riksbanken at -0,25%, and yet a significant portion of the borrowers are hanging by a thread. If and when foreign banks and investors decide it s time to turn their backs on Sweden (as happened in the early 1990s) there s going to be a lot of pain.Then you have the financial obligations going forward. Like much of the western world, there is a demographic change where fewer tax-paying adults are to support a glut of retirees. What makes it especially dire for Sweden is that in addition to the old Swedes, there s also a ton of elderly immigrants that are granted  family visas  based on younger relatives having been granted asylum. They ve never paid a dime in taxes, yet enter the system with full benefits from day one. In theory, this would be made up for by the younger relatives working and paying taxes. Sadly, this is not the case; while ethnical Swedes have a 82% employment rate, immigrants only have 57% with non-Europeans coming in at just 51%.If Sweden was a person, it d be like the guy with three mortgages, seven maxed-out credit cards and four collection agencies chasing him that just signed a lease for a brand new BMW X6. Simply put, there s a lot of red ink in the future; it just hasn t been fully realized yet.Finally, there s the sorry state of the Swedish defense. After decades of constant slashing of the defense budget, the extent of Swedish ambition is to stall an invader for a week in a limited area. This with war raging in Europe, Russian missiles pointed at Sweden in Kaliningrad, and Russian submarines and bomber jets openly thumbing their nose at Sweden as they intrude on Swedish territory on a regular basis. The power vacuum in Scandinavia is so tangible you can almost hear a sucking sound as you fly over it. This, too, will require massive investments when the penny finally drops amongst Swedish politicians.So while I can t claim to be any kind of authority on macroeconomics or social predictive models, I see red lights across the board.In some ways, I d compare the country to a farm. Previously, Sweden acted like a sensible farmer and planted wheat here, carrots there, potatoes over there et cetera, by implementing free schooling, sound infrastructure investments, state-financed research and so forth. A few decades later, they reaped the rewards and climbed the prosperity ladder.In the late 1960s, this pragmatic line was abandoned as leftist idealist Olof Palme took over. But there was plenty to harvest from previous years, so Sweden continued to be the land of milk and honey for a good long while. Then things started drying up, and the process has been one of gradual erosion and decline since the 1990s.The famous Swedish health care system is a good example. 120 000 hospital beds in the late 1960s became 20 000 today. Cancer patients are put on waiting lists for months. Entire emergency wards shut down for summer. The crumbling Swedish railroad system is another symptom I examined in-depth last year. The aforementioned defense that now consist of about three fat generals and a rusty rifle (bullets withheld for budgetary reasons).A sensible farmer would see the problems for what they are and hurry to plant new seeds, so as to return to bountiful harvests of wheat, carrots, potatoes etc. Instead, the Swedish politicians goes by dogma and plants what they think SHOULD grow. So they plant M & Ms, hot dogs and pretzels. The results won t be fully evident for a few years yet, but as the last reserves of the old harvests are depleted, things will get  Interesting.From what I can see, there simply is no plausible scenario where these social tensions and future financial committments will not lead to a downward spiral of hardship and strife. I hope I m wrong. I really do, because I have friends and family I care about that will remain here to see it all play out.But I won t. I ll be back in the US being mad at Obama for being a lying scumbag. And if Trump manages to get elected in 2016? Whoo boy. A racist ignoramus who takes pride in the worst qualities of a cranky eight-year old should make George  Dumbo  Bush seem like Abe Lincoln by comparison. So every country has its problems. USA has its corrupt yokel in office, just as Sweden has Stefan L fven. Via: The Sweden Report ",0
10850,CHARLES PAYNE Calls Out Media For Silence On The “Booming” Trump Economy [Video],"Charles Payne and economist Liz Peek discuss the booming Trump economy and why the hateful media won t report on it: Payne: These are blue collar jobs maybe that s not  sexy  to the main stream media.Peek: How many of those economists are talking about how the market is up 13%?Payne is so correct about the media s lack of interest in the booming Trump economy. The American people see it and are feeling it too. As long as President Trump keeps his focus and continues improving the economy, he ll be great.",0
10851,SHERIFF DAVID CLARKE Picked For Key Position In Trump Administration..Aren’t We Lucky!,"What a great pick by the Trump administration!The Trump administration tapped Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke to serve as assistant secretary of the Department of Homeland Security for partnership and engagement.Clarke, a tough-talking, conservative firebrand recognized by his penchant for cowboy hats, announced the appointment during an interview with a local Wisconsin radio station Wednesday afternoon. I m both honored and humbled to be a appointed to this position by [DHS Sec. John Kelly], working for the Trump administration in this position,  Clarke told WISN Milwaukee.Clarke will begin in the position in June. The position does not require Senate confirmation.Clarke, a Trump loyalist who served as a surrogate during the campaign, was one of three black speakers who endorsed President Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention. He is a vocal proponent of gun rights with close ties to the National Rifle Association.His name has been floated as a possible replacement to former FBI Director James Comey, but the announcement Wednesday scraps those rumors.We re so happy Sheriff Clarke is joining the Trump administration!Read more: WFB",0
10852,BREAKING: FORMER FBI DIRECTOR Appointed By Jeff Session’s DOJ For “Russia Probe”,"PRESIDENT TRUMP JUST PUT THIS TO BED! The leakers are hopefully going to be exposed now (see statement below) that the DOJ has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller III as special counsel to its investigation into possible Russian interference in our presidential election. The Wall Street Journal reported:Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced the appointment because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any investigation related to the 2016 race. Mr. Rosenstein said in a statement that  I determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a Special Counsel to assume responsibility of this matter.  He cautioned that his decision wasn t the result of a  finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted. He signed the order on Wednesday. Mr. Mueller, a former federal prosecutor, served as FBI director from 2001 through 2013 and has a reputation for independence. Mr. Mueller has been a partner a WilmerHale, a law firm, but is stepping down from his role there to avoid any conflicts of interest, according to the Justice Department.NOTICE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT STATEMENT states that they will investigate  related matters  which opens up a can of worms for the leakers. They will now be fair game! The President released a statement:",0
10853,LEGAL EXPERT JONATHAN TURLEY Shoots Down Joe Scarborough’s Case Against Trump: “Not obstruction” [Video],"Legal Expert Jonathan Turley listened as Joe Scarborough laid out a lengthy timeline to make a case of obstruction on President Trump. His response is awesome and very precise in its reasons for not recommending obstruction charges. Turley is a Democrat but is a very fair legal expert who rules according to the law how refreshing! While the left freaks out about nothing, the people like Turley who are REALLY qualified to judge this are saying it s a nothingburger. We don t even have evidence of wrongdoing but talk of impeachment is all over the place.Please sit back, relax and listen to the voice of reason Professor Jonathan Turley: There was  ample reason  to fire Sally Yates when, as acting Attorney General, she instructed the Department of Justice not to enforce President Trump s executive order on immigration.  Obstruction of justice requires that you act to obstruct or interfere usually with a judicial or congressional proceeding, neither of which was pending at this time.   You also tend to show it was done for a corrupt, or corruptly, to use the statutory term. This doesn t meet the usual definition of that. ",0
10854,CLASSIC! GREG GUTFELD Rips Comey Memo Disclosure As “Very Mean Girls”…You Will Love This! [Video],"GREG GUTFELD IS SO PASSIONATE and so on target with his commentary about the Comey memo disclosure. This is truly epic! Gutfeld said all of this comes down to the non-political way Trump communicates. When you say you  hope  for something, it s not a command. It s not saying you d better do this. Gutfeld then compared the use of  hope  to desiring a bicycle for Christmas, wanting people to show up for your birthday, and asking neighbors to be quiet while you re sleeping. In my mind   it seems like it s not a big deal, which is maybe why Comey didn t think it was obstructionist, so he didn t have to comply to reporting it, because he knew   what Trump was doing is what Trump does. Everything to him is like visiting a construction site. It s not what a politician says or does. He doesn t understand how internal stuff works. So he shows up and says I wish we could do this for cheaper   wish we could have done a better job on lights on bathrooms. THE GUTFELD COMMENTS COME AT THE 9:30 POINT:",0
10855,CNN Liberal Anchor Freaks Out At Navy SEAL When He Asks For TRUTH….You Won’t Believe The Reaction! [Video],"A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.This woman needs to seek help!",0
10856,CHECKMATE! PUTIN Offers Up Proof Of Trump’s Innocence [Video],"Putin just trolled the Democrats Haha!Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump had not divulged any secrets during a meeting in Washington with Russian officials and offered to prove it by supplying Congress with a transcript.But a leading U.S. Republican politician said he would have little faith in any notes Putin might supply.Two U.S. officials said on Monday Trump had disclosed classified information about a planned Islamic State operation to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov when they met last week, plunging the White House into a fresh controversy just four months into Trump s tenure.Trump, whose administration has been dogged by allegations that Russia helped him win the White House and that he and his allies are too cozy with Moscow, has defended his decision to discuss intelligence with the Russians after media reports of the meeting alarmed some U.S. and foreign politicians.President Putin deployed his trademark sarcasm on Wednesday to make clear he thought the accusation that Trump had divulged secrets absurd. I spoke to him (Lavrov) today,  a smiling Putin told a news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. I ll be forced to issue him (Lavrov) with a reprimand because he did not share these secrets with us. Not with me, nor with representatives of Russia s intelligence services. It was very bad of him. This was obvious sarcasm by Putin who is probably looking at the Democrats with disgust. Via: Reuters",0
10857,"A MUST WATCH VIDEO: STEVE BANNON “If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.”",Steve Bannon gets it He knows what s going on with all of the fuss with Trump. The press and politicians are doing their best to bring him down.Bannon knows the deep state and all of the evil within government. He knows we re in trouble in America and need to take our Country back.Please go to the 16:00 point and hear Bannon speak about the evil that is in Washington: It s not only not going to get better It s going to get worse ,0
10858,BOOM! PRES TRUMP Rips Media And Critics: “I was not elected to please the Washington media” [Video],"President Trump gave the commencement speech for the Coast Guard graduating class and hit back at the media during the speech: The Coast Guard Academy was the location for the speech but the speech could be directed at all Aemricans plus the media and critics of Trump. He says what everyone else is thinking Awesome! Now I want to take this opportunity to offer you some advice. Over the course of your life you will find that things are not always fair. You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve  You have to put your head down and fight, fight, fight!  Never ever, ever give up. Things will turn out just fine . No politician in history has been treated worse or more unfairly. You can t let them get you down. You can t let the critics and naysayers get in the way of your dreams. TRUMP ADDED: The people understand what I m doing and that s the most important thing. I didn t t get elected to serve the Washington media or the special interests,  he said.  I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women and that s what I m doing. Great speech! He nails it!FULL SPEECH:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNzZXf2gk7U",0
10859,HANNITY AND TUCKER CARLSON: THE 5 MAJOR FORCES Aligned To Take Down President Trump [Video],"Sean Hannity and Tucker Carlson went after the deep state with commentary on who they believe is trying to harm Trump: Five entities in government and the media are trying to cripple the Trump administration. The leaks are also putting our National Security at risk. This is not just fun and games politics anymore. This is the deep state at war with a sitting president!The destroy Trump propaganda media, the Washington deep state, Democrats, establishment Republicans and never Trumpers are now working together in an unprecedented attack against a sitting president Sean Hannity:Tucker Carlson:",0
10860,BRILLIANT! LT COL TONY SHAFFER: How Trump Should Fight Back Against “Deep State” [Video],"Former CIA analyst and retired U.S. Army Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer told Lou Dobbs on Tuesday President Trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   He needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.THE DEEP STATE:Never in American history has there been a more highly organized group of people, the  deep state , attempting to subvert the will of the American people, in this case, the Trump presidency. Peter Schweizer discusses the efforts of the  deep state , their conspiracy campaign against Donald Trump and its  potential impact on President Trump s administration.",0
10861,DETECTIVE ON SETH RICH Murder Mystery Drops Shocking News [Video],"Rod Wheeler was on Hannity last night with startling information on the Seth Rich murder mystery. He spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says this:Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? The plot thickens in this case. Will we finally find the murderer of this young man and who is behind it?IN CASE YOU HAVEN T SEEN UPDATES ON THIS CASE:CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To  Stand Down  On Case [VIDEO]Wow! The private investigator hired by the Rich family to look into the death of 27-year old murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich just revealed some stunning evidence. It s been confirmed that over 44,000 emails and over 17,000 attachments were sent to the now deceased investigative journalist and best friend of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. Now that this new information has been made available to the public, will the media be asking Hillary or the DNC any questions about their involvement in Rich s death? Will the DOJ be opening an investigation into his death in light of this new stunning evidence? What about the alleged Russian hack of the DNC emails that the media tried to tie to President Trump?Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.",0
10862,PRICELESS! HOME DEPOT FOUNDER Zings Liberal Press In Epic Response That Puts Them In Their Place [Video],"Home Depot co-founder Kenneth Langone:  The fake news media hates President Trump because he makes them irrelevant Where They Belong Langone supports President Trump all the way and isn t shy about saying so:Ken Langone, co-founder of Home Depot, said Monday on CNBC that he thinks President Donald Trump could go down as  one of our greatest presidents ever,  and has  guts,  and  great people around him. This guy has got guts,  Langone said on  Squawk Box.   And he s got great people around him.  He added that White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway s husband is one of his lawyers.Trump has the potential to  go down as one of our greatest presidents ever,  Langone later argued. Home Depot co-founder @KennethLangone The #FakeNewsMedia Hates #PresidentTrump @POTUS Because He Makes Them Irrelevant,Where They Belongs  pic.twitter.com/OrilTVHPRK  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) May 16, 2017",0
10863,SETH RICH MURDER Has CHILLING SIMILARITIES To Clinton Body Count Victims,"Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].Just as in the Rich case, several of the people who died mysterious deaths were shot spontaneously and in public places, sometimes from behind, sometimes by unknown assailants and often just before they were set to release incriminating evidence concerning the Clintons  activities. In most cases, there were no signs of theft at the crime scenes. And while some of the deaths were ruled suicides, other cases remain a mystery.Rich worked for the Democratic National Committee as a data analyst and reportedly sent more than 44,000 DNC emails to WikiLeaks, including 17,761 attachments, from January 2015 through the end of May 2016. As WND reported, the DNC staffer had been in contact with WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen, who died just 17 days before the election of lung cancer.Rich was mysteriously shot and killed July 10, 2016. As WND reported, Rich was murdered near his affluent neighborhood in Washington, D.C. He was shot in the back with a handgun at 4:18 a.m. while he walked home, and nothing was taken from him. Rich, who called several people as he later walked home, was talking on the phone with his girlfriend, Kelsey Murka, when he was accosted a block from his house. He was transported to a local hospital and was pronounced dead at 5:57 a.m. If it was a robbery it failed because he still has his watch, he still has his money, he still has his credit cards, still had his phone, so it was a wasted effort except we lost a life,  said Rich s father, Joel, shortly after the bizarre murder.On July 22, just 12 days after Rich s death and days before the Democratic Party Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks released 20,000 emails from DNC officials.Those leaked emails revealed, among other things, that the DNC tried to tip the scales in favor of Hillary Clinton s campaign and prevent Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders from becoming the party s nominee. The leaks were cited by some Democrats as one explanation for Clinton s election loss. Many accused the Russians of  hacking  and turning the tide for then-GOP candidate Donald Trump during the 2016 election.In one email released by WikiLeaks, Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta said he d like to  make an example  out of the person who leaked the emails. I m definitely for making an example of a suspected leaker whether or not we have any real basis for it,  Podesta wrote on Feb. 22, 2015, according to WikiLeaks.Only days after Rich s murder, Hillary Clinton cited the DNC staffer s death in her speech advocating for more gun control. From Sandy Hook to Orlando to Dallas, and so many other places, these tragedies tear at our soul,  Clinton said in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on July 12.  And so do the incidents that don t even dominate the headlines. Just this past Sunday, a young man, Seth Rich, who worked for the Democratic National Committee to expand voting rights, was shot and killed in his neighborhood in Washington. He was just 27 years old.   Surely we can agree that weapons of war have no place on the streets of America. The bizarre shooting of Rich shares some similarities with other murders listed in WND s exclusive report,  Clinton death list : 33 spine-tingling cases.  Many of the individuals included in the list were shot to death, though some of the deaths were ruled to be suicides. Others were killed in plane crashes, car wrecks and freak accidents.Vince Foster was deputy White House counsel and Hillary s friend and law partner who had connections to the Clintons  Travelgate and Whitewater scandals. In 1993, Foster was found dead in a park with a fatal gunshot wound to his mouth. As WND reported, his suicide was the subject of much speculation and three official investigations.Investigations by the U.S. Park Police, the Department of Justice, the FBI, Congress, Independent Counsel Robert B. Fiske and Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr concluded Foster s death was a suicide. However, as WND reported in 2003, one of Starr s key investigators challenged the official line, insisting the probe s result was predetermined, only a few plotters were required to engineer the result, the crime scene was altered and that major newspaper editors killed stories by reporters pursuing the truth. The Washington Post reported that federal investigators were not allowed to enter Foster s office after his death, but  White House aides enter[ed] Foster s office shortly after his death, giving rise to speculation that files were removed from his office. In his 2005 book  The Truth about Hillary: What She Knew, When She Knew It, And How Far She ll Go to Become President,  Edward Klein wrote of Hillary s involvement in the effort to remove Foster s files:As WND reported in February 2016, recently discovered evidence unearthed from boxes stored deep in the National Archives lend credence to theories about foul play and cover-up that have been hinted at by at least three books and countless articles.The newest piece to the puzzle was uncovered by two citizen researchers, one of whom was a witness involved in the case from the beginning. What had only been suspicions about missing death-scene photographs are now listed as facts in public documents.The smoking-gun information comes from two documents: a two-page letter of resignation and a 31-page memo both written by Starr s lead prosecutor, Miguel Rodriguez.Rodriguez refers in his letter to photographs showing a wound on Foster s neck   a wound that did not exist according to accounts in Starr s official government report.The obvious questions: How could a suicide victim be found with two wounds   a .38-caliber gunshot into the mouth that exited through his head and another wound on the right side of his neck that one of the paramedics described as a small-caliber bullet hole? And why would the government investigators go to great lengths to cover it up?Jerry Luther Parks: Shot in chest by mysterious gunmanTwo months after Foster died, Jerry Luther Parks   who had been head of security for Bill Clinton s headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas, during the 1992 presidential campaign and gubernatorial years  was shot through the rear window of his car with a semiautomatic handgun.As WND reported, Jerry Luther Parks was reportedly watching a news bulletin on the death of Foster when he turned from the television and muttered,  I m a dead man. His son, Gary, was with him in the room. It was July 21, 1993. Foster had just been found dead in Fort Marcy Park, about seven miles from the White House, across the Potomac River in Virginia. Foster had been shot through the head, said the bulletin, an apparent suicide.British journalist Ambrose Evans-Pritchard interviewed the Parks family extensively. In  The Secret Life of Bill Clinton,  he reported that Parks was a nervous wreck for the next two months. He packed a gun and drove evasively to shake off any possible pursuers. At one point, Parks told his family that Bill Clinton was  cleaning house  and that he was  next on the list. On Sept. 23, 1993, as Parks was driving to his suburban Little Rock home along the Chenal Parkway, a white Chevrolet Caprice with two men inside drove alongside and peppered Parks  car with semiautomatic gunfire. Parks  car ground to a halt. A man emerged from the white Chevy, fired two rounds into Parks  chest with a 9-mm pistol, then sped off.Several witnesses watched the murder. The killers were never found. As with so many other  Arkancides    the name given to the long list of suspicious deaths among Arkansas associates of the Clintons   Big Media ignored the event.One of the last people to see Foster alive was Linda Tripp, who then worked as a secretary for Foster s boss, White House Counsel Bernard Nussbaum. Tripp testified before Kenneth Starr s grand jury on July 28, 1998, that the reason she had leaked Monica Lewinsky s story to Michael Isikoff at Newsweek was that Tripp hoped the spotlight of national publicity might protect her from physical harm. I am afraid of this administration,  Tripp told the grand jury.She continued:  I have what I consider to be well-founded fears of what they are capable of   I had reasons to believe that the Vince Foster tragedy was not depicted accurately under oath by members of the administration   I knew based on personal knowledge, personal observations, that they were lying under oath. So it became very fearful to me that I had information even back then that was dangerous. A juror asked,  But do you have any examples of violence being done by the administration to people who were a threat to them? Tripp named Jerry Parks:  [T]he behavior in the West Wing with senior staff to the president during the time the Jerry Parks [murder report] came over the fax frightened me. He had been killed, she said.The  flurry of activity,  the closed-door meetings and the  hush-hush  atmosphere in the White House all struck her as ominous and frightening. Maybe you had to be there,  said Tripp. [The news of Parks  death] was something they wanted to get out in front of. There was talk that this would be another body to add to the list of 40 bodies or something that were associated with the Clinton administration. At that time, I didn t know what that meant. I have since come to see such a list. After the murder, Gary Parks told a staffer of the New York Observer his father and Vince Foster had investigated Clinton s affairs at Hillary s request. He said that Vince Foster had called up his father, who was working as a private investigator, to look into Clinton s romantic life in about 1980, after Bill Clinton had lost the governor s office following his first term. Parks said Hillary wanted a divorce. It looked like maybe the juggernaut she d believed in, and married, was over. Clinton had by then lost two big races and won two. Till the Comeback Kid   boy is Bill Clinton gutsy   won back the governorship in 1982. But in the early 80s, Parks said, Hillary asked her law partner Vince Foster to prepare a divorce case and Foster called Parks, who compiled a dossier of women s statements. Parks said that Hillary later decided against a divorce, but that his father held on to the dossier. Then in 1993, Parks said, after Vince Foster went to Washington, he demanded the return of the file, and even called Jerry Parks in the days before his, Foster s, death, to demand it. And that two months later his father was murdered, because, Parks said, he had held out on returning the file. (The L.R. police never solved his father s murder, not when I was looking into it a few years afterward.) John Hillyer: Mysterious timing of deathNBC cameraman John Hillyer had been working on an investigation of a drug-smuggling operation in Mena, Arkansas, while Clinton was the state s governor. He also helped with a 30-minute video called  Circle of Power  and  The Clinton Chronicles. As WND reported, video journalist Pat Matrisciana (producer of  The Clinton Chronicles ) began working on the film project in the early 1990s, he didn t realize what he and his cameraman were getting into. I had been contacted by a man named John Hillyer, an NBC cameraman who wanted to tell the real story about what was happening in Arkansas,  he said.When Matrisciana and Hillyer arrived in Arkansas and began interviewing people for the video, the criminality and intrigue were far worse than they had imagined. It was like going into some sort of banana republic that was run by a dictatorship,  he said.  We were followed on a regular basis. Matrisciana set up a  safe house  in an apartment complex in Little Rock where he and other journalists and investigators would meet to discuss stories of drug trafficking in Mena, the murder of two teenage boys there and whether or not Bill Clinton was involved in any of those activities.Hillyer and Matrisciana developed a friendship with Gary Parks, the son of Jerry Luther Parks, a former security chief of Clinton s presidential campaign. According to Matrisciana, Jerry Parks had been hired several years earlier by Foster on behalf of Hillary Clinton to put Bill Clinton under constant surveillance. Gary would go on surveillance stakeouts with his father as Jerry gathered photographic evidence of Clinton visiting with prostitutes, Gennifer Flowers and other women.When Foster s body was found in Fort Marcy Park, Jerry became paranoid that he might also be targeted for murder. He was right. When Jerry was assassinated in his car in September 1993, Gary and Jerry s widow believed it was related to his surveillance of Clinton.Gary Parks regularly stayed at the safe house, but was awakened one night when the door was kicked open by would-be assassins. When he quickly loaded his M-1 carbine, the sound of the bullet being chambered scared off the killers and they fled into the parking lot. Gary went to the window and thought he recognized one of the men as a member of the Gov. Clinton s security staff.On another occasion, when Matrisciana and others were preparing for a radio talk show at the safe house, an investigator scanned the apartment for  bugs  and discovered eight of them.During the course of their investigation, Matrisciana and Hillyer discovered a trail of unsolved murders of people who knew details about the teens  deaths. Others who died mysteriously had inside information on drug ties to the political establishment in Arkansas. On one occasion, Hillyer was planning to conduct an interview with a former official of the Democratic National Committee, but the man never showed up for the interview. Hillyer learned the next day that the man, C. Victor Raiser II, and his son, Montgomery Raiser, had died in a plane crash.Matrisciana and Hillyer were also going to interview a hermit who lived in the mountains near where the teens had been killed. Two days before the scheduled interview, the hermit died.Hillyer started to fear for his own life, telling Matrisciana that he thought they would kill him by making it look like he had a heart attack. After the film was completed, Hillyer went on to other projects and ended up living in Atlanta. In 1996, Matrisciana received a phone call from Hillyer. John told him he had uncovered new information that needed to be put on video, but that they couldn t talk on an unsecured phone. They planned on meeting to discuss the new information, but Hillyer died of a heart attack three days later, on Nov. 29, 1996.Did someone get to Hillyer? Matrisciana doesn t know. Were the hermit and DNC official killed for what they knew? Or were these simply coincidences? Again, Matriciana said he doesn t know, but he did think the deaths were unusual, considering the number of other people who have died under mysterious circumstances in Arkansas.Blacklisted News -On July 3, attorney Shawn Lucas, 38, helped serve the DNC with a lawsuit claiming then-DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz  rigged the primary for Hillary Clinton. The complaint was served before Wasserman Schultz resigned amid the Wikileaks email scandal on July 24.Less than one month after he helped serve the lawsuit, Lucas  girlfriend found him dead in his bathroom.Beverly Ann Fields, chief of staff at the Washington, D.C., Medical Examiner s office, told WND,  The cause and manner of death for decedent [Shawn] Lucas are still pending. Victor Thorn authored four books on the Clintons:  Hillary (and Bill): The Sex Volume,  Hillary (and Bill): The Drugs Volume,   Hillary (and Bill): The Murder Volume  and  Crowning Clinton: Why Hillary Shouldn t Be in the White House.  Thorn reportedly committed suicide with a gun on his 54th birthday on a mountaintop in Pennsylvania.Inquisitr reported that Thorn made several appearances on  The Russell Scott Show  and told the host,  Russell, if I m ever found dead, it was murder. I would never kill myself. As WND reported, Joe Montano, who served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee before Debbie Wasserman Schultz and was an aide to Hillary s running-mate, Tim Kaine, reportedly died of a heart attack after the Wikileaks DNC email dump. Montano was only 47.Former United Nations General Assembly President John Ashe was found dead in His New York home, and the cause of death was reported as a heart attack, as WND reported. But the local Dobbs Ferry police said  his throat had been crushed, presumably by a barbell he dropped while pumping iron. The death by barbell of disgraced U.N. official John Ashe could become a bigger obsession for conspiracy theorists than Vince Foster s 1993 suicide,  the report by Richard Johnson said.It s because Ashe was scheduled to testify in just days with Chinese businessman and co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, who was accused of smuggling $4.5 million into the U.S. and lying that it was to buy casino chips and more.The New York Post said Ng earlier was identified in a 1998 Senate document  as the source of hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally funneled through an Arkansas restaurant owner, Charlie Trie, to the Democratic National Committee during the Clinton administration. One source told me,  Johnson wrote,  During the trial, the prosecutors would have linked Ashe to the Clinton bagman Ng. It would have been very embarrassing. His death was conveniently timed. Gareth Williams, a transatlantic MI6 spy   whose dead body was found naked, padlocked and stuffed in a 32-inch by 19-inch duffel bag that was sitting in his London bathtub   had illegally hacked secret data on Bill Clinton, according to the U.K. Sun. The news site noted,  [H]is death is still one of Britain s most mysterious unsolved cases. Scotland Yard had announced the death as a suicide, saying he locked himself in the bag.But his DNA wasn t found on the lock. There were no palm prints on the edge of his bathtub.For the entire chilling list of people who crossed the Clinton s and ended up dead, go to WND ",0
10864,UPDATE: UNDER PRESSURE? MISS USA Just Flip Flopped On Healthcare [VIDEO],"The glowing review we gave to Miss USA Kara McCullough must be revoked Bummer!She was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. Liberals wasted no time exploding in rage, seeing it as an intolerable betrayal of their ideology by someone who had an advantage in the pursuit of her crown due to political correctness. Today we see this: I am privileged to have health care. I do believe it should be a right.   @MissUSA 2017 K ra McCullough  clarifies  response. #MissUSA pic.twitter.com/QCc7irmmmq  Good Morning America (@GMA) May 16, 2017If healthcare is to be a  right for all worldwide,  you had better open up your wallet. Places like Uganda cannot be provided with modern healthcare on a coercive basis at the national level. Socialism has always been globalist in its redistributive aspirations.Hot Air says maybe she really is clarifying rather than reversing what she actually meant:Her answer on Sunday night   wasn t all that coherent ( to all the American citizens worldwide ?). She may have heard the word  privilege  and, in the stress of the moment, processed it not in the legal sense but in the colloquial sense, as a synonym for gratitude for one s good fortune. E.g., it s a privilege to be a citizen of the greatest country in the world, I m privileged to have a wonderfully supportive family, what a privilege to have good medical care through your job, etc. A pageant contestant wants to project graciousness, so that s what she did.Or maybe she was taken to the woodshed for an attitude adjustment, and came back a commie.Via: moonbattery",0
10865,HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL Confiscates Yearbooks From Students After Discovering Senior Used Favorite Trump Quote In Profile,"Hey parents are you  woke  yet? A high school in North Carolina confiscated student yearbooks after one of the students quoted President Trump as her senior quote.The Charlotte Observer reports administrators at Richmond Early College High School, a public high school in Hamlet, found several quotes, including a quote by the president, to be inappropriate.One of the allegedly offensive quotes, according to Richmond County school district spokeswoman Ashley-Michelle Thublin, was Trump s pledge to  build that wall. In a statement on the Richmond County Schools website and the Richmond County Schools Facebook page, the district said the yearbooks had  errors and inappropriate comments.  The district also said  we do not and will not tolerate inappropriate conduct toward any of our students : ",0
10866,WATCH THIS DEMOCRAT Call For Trump’s Impeachment With No Credible Reason Why [Video],"Spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of Democrats It s really pitiful to watch  Last night, following the release of the Washington Post fake news on Trump and Russia, several videos immediately came out repeating the same fake news. It s uncanny that the media could be so coordinated in their reports on President Trump Of course, we believe there s something to that.Two  Congresscritters  have come out to call for the impeachment of President Trump .With ZERO evidence of ANY wrongdoing, it s laughable One of our favorites is Maxine Waters but this next Congressman runs a close second. Al Green claims Trump was  hobnobbing  with the Russians Haha!Congressman Al Green just released a statement on why he believes President Trump should be impeached. This statement is laughable. Was Al Green elected because of his name? Voters can be that way, ya know This guy is the definition of clueless! Who elects these brainiacs?Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has suggested impeachment during TV interviews, but Green is the first member of Congress to formally call for impeachment hearings.Green said Trump s own public statements showed he fired Comey over the Russia investigation, which he said was grounds for impeachment:Waters and Green are a total joke! These are just two of the jokers running Washington. This is truly scary.",0
10867,BREAKING! H.R. MCMASTER Explains Why Washington Post Hit Piece On Trump Was Fake News [Video],"The National Security Advisor held a press conference to reconfirm that the Washington Post article is FAKE NEWS.It s most disturbing that there are leaks within the White House after meetings with foreign dignitaries. Undermining the credibility of the president is happening daily and is NOT GOOD! Hopefully, they can connect the dots to get to the bottom of who leaked this information from the meeting with the Russians. What the president shared was wholly appropriate the president in no way compromised national security    National Security Advisor HJ McMasterThe big question should be who leaked the information to the press or did someone leak?McMaster:  What the president discussed with the foreign minister was wholly appropriate to that conversation  pic.twitter.com/8tUhnWjGev  POLITICO (@politico) May 16, 2017H. R. McMaster:  I stand by my statement that I made yesterday. What I m saying is really that the premise of that article is false.  pic.twitter.com/jgROmM5T72  CSPAN (@cspan) May 16, 2017The president did not discuss a classified  code word  with the Russians Period",0
10868,"CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder…DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To “Stand Down” On Case [VIDEO]","Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ",0
10869,TUCKER CARLSON Confronts Nasty Activist: “I’m not saying what you did is illegal…it’s awful” [Video],"Tucker takes on the co-director of Popular Resistance, and asks him whether he advocates violence, whether he would like political foes to show up at is house and threaten him? Political resistance advocates violence as a tactic to get their way much like a toddler has a temper tantrum. Tucker Carlson debates the leader of a group that thinks it s ok to go to the FCC Chairman s house to protest. Does this cross the line? We believe it does!The Chairman of the FCC is a Republican and is such a great choice! No matter who he is, we still believe it s wrong on a moral level to do what these people are doing. Shame on them!CURRENT FCC CHAIRMAN AJIT PAI STOOD UP TO THE OTHER COMMISSIONERS WHEN THEY WERE TOLD NOT TO RELEASE INFORMATION ON FRAUD IN THE LIFELINE PROGRAM:TYRANNY: Obamaphone Fraud Kept Under Wraps Until Vote To Expand ProgramFederal regulators were instructed to keep a massive fraud investigation under wraps until a day after a controversial vote to expand a program that was allegedly used to bilk taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars, one those regulators claims.The Federal Communications Commission on Friday announced that it would seek $51 million in damages from a cell phone company that allegedly defrauded the federal Lifeline program of nearly $10 million.The commission s five members unanimously backed the Notice of Apparent Liability (NAL), but Republican commissioner Ajit Pai parted from his colleagues in a partial dissent. According to Pai, he and other commissioners were told not to reveal the details of its investigation until April 1, a day after the FCC voted to expand the Lifeline program. Commissioners were told that the Notice of Apparent Liability could not be released or publicly discussed until April 1, 2016, conveniently one day after the Commission was scheduled to expand the Lifeline program to broadband,  Pai wrote.  That s not right. Pai did not say who issued that directive. However, it had the effect of preventing public knowledge of widespread fraud in the Lifeline program ahead of a contentious vote on expanding it despite persisting concerns about a lack of internal safeguards.FCC spokesman Will Wiquist insisted that the timing was completely coincidental.  The timing of the enforcement action was in no way related to the timing of the vote on the program modernization,  he said in an email.IF YOU BELIEVE WIQUIST, WE HAVE SWAMPLAND IN FLORIDA TO SELL YOU!",0
10870,CLUELESS NBA COACH’S Rant Comparing Trump To A “Game Show” Raises Eyebrows [Video],"In the realm of the NBA, Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich has been one of Donald Trump s most vocal critics. He continued his cluelessness in the video below. He obviously is watching too much CNN OR MSNBC because he uses some of the same buzzwords flying around.This coach has no idea what s really going on in the White House. He only likes to spew lies about President Trump just like every other armchair President wannabe.Does politics belong in professional sports press conferences? We believe it doesn t. Stick to the game and what you know. Don t spew political talking points for crying out loud. Popovich only makes himself look like a bitter man who can t get over the election.",0
10871,LIBERAL PBS ANCHOR Gets Brutal Truth On Trump vs Obama Immigration Policy: “That’s what’s been missing for the last 8 years” [Video],"Judy Woodruff has been a staple on liberal leaning PBS for so long that it s hard to remember she started out in Atlanta just decades ago LOL! Here s the best clip of the week where Woodruff tries to bait our good friend Jessica Vaughn of The Center for Immigration Studies in answering this question: Did Pres. Trump send a message that every one of the undocumented immigrants in the U.S. is a threat? I ve called Jessica Vaughan  my hero  because she s simply brilliant with facts on immigration and doesn t get off message when interviewed by the left. Watch how she stays calm and just states the facts to Woodruff AWESOME!If you haven t heard of the Center for Immigration Studies, please go check them out: CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES. They are THE BOMB THE TRUTH BOMB!Did Pres. Trump send a message that every one of the undocumented immigrants in the U.S. is a threat? @wwwCISorg s Jessica Vaughan joins us pic.twitter.com/tRycuUpEBl  PBS NewsHour (@NewsHour) January 25, 2017ENTIRE VIDEO INCLUDING PRO-ILLEGAL   JESSICA VAUGHN ROCKS!:",0
10872,NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR Calls Out Liberal Press For FAKE NEWS: “The story…is false” [Video],"The Washington Post just got called out BIG TIME on a fake story they published This is a screenshot of the article:THE BIG LIE FROM WASHINGTON POST: President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State.The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said.They tried to discredit President Trump in his dealings with Russia by saying President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russians .NOT TRUE! They got caught and then called out by the Trump administration s National Security Advisor.This is awesome:National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster made a statement saying,  The story that came out tonight, as reported, is false. Natl Security Adviser McMaster made a statement denying a report that @POTUS revealed classified info to Russia. https://t.co/LB3P3BgT10 pic.twitter.com/gRNcLlZNvC  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 15, 2017",0
10873,JUDGE NAPOLITANO Drops A Bomb About Obama’s Surveillance [Video],Judge Napolitano spoke out today about the  unmasking  of people in government by Obama. He began to discuss allegations Senator Rand Paul and another senator were under surveillance by the Obama administration but dropped a bomb on the Obama administration spying on the US Supreme Court.Judge Napolitano: Justice Scalia told me that he often thought the court was being surveilled. And he told me that probably four or five years ago If they had to unmask Senator Paul s name to reveal a conversation he was having with a foreign agent and the foreign agent was hostile to the United States they can do that. That s not what he s talking about. They re talking about unmasking him when he s having a conversation with his campaign manager when he s running in the Republican primary.During the discussion Judge Napolitano also said Barack Obama could be subpoenaed to testify if he viewed the unmasked intelligence.,0
10874,"THAILAND THREATENS TO PROSECUTE FACEBOOK Over Embarrassing Video Showing King Walking Through Mall In Yellow Crop Top, Covered In Tattoos [VIDEO]","Embarrassing footage of Thailand s king wearing a crop top and showing his tattoos have prompted authorities to threaten action against Facebook.The video of King Maha Vajiralongkorn strolling around a shopping centre with a woman was widely shared on the social network.But Thai authorities have threatened to press charges if it is still available at 10am tomorrow.The video shows the monarch, who came to power last year following the death of his father, with a number of tattoos on his arms, stomach, and back.Watch:Under strict lese-majeste laws in Thailand, people can be jailed for up to 15 years for sharing material which is insulting to the monarchy.The video has been geo-blocked by the social network, but Thai authorities say 131 pages containing the  illicit  video are still available.Takorn Tantasith, secretary-general of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission said:  If even a single illicit page remains, we will immediately discuss what legal steps to take against Facebook Thailand. Last week the Thai Internet Service Provider Association emailed Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg calling for the posts to be blocked, the Bangkok Post reports.  Daily Mail ",0
10875,LEFT GOES NUTS: Chemist From DC Wins Miss USA Title After Saying Health Care Is A “Privilege” And Not A “Right” [VIDEO],"The District of Columbia has won back-to-back Miss USA titles.Kara McCullough, a 25-year-old chemist working for the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, was crowned Sunday at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center on the Las Vegas Strip. She will go on to compete on the Miss Universe contest.The runner-up was Miss New Jersey Chhavi Verg, a student at Rutgers University studying marketing and Spanish. The second runner-up was Miss Minnesota Meridith Gould, who is studying apparel retail merchandising at the University of Minnesota.Fifty-one women representing each state and the nation s capital participated in the decades-old competition.McCullough was born in Naples, Italy, and raised in Virginia Beach, Virginia. She said she wants to inspire children to pursue careers in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.Last year, District of Columbia resident Deshauna Barber became the first-ever military member to win Miss USA.The top five finalists where asked different questions that touched on the pros and cons of social media, women s rights and issues affecting teenagers. McCullough was asked whether she thinks that affordable health care for all U.S. citizens is a right or a privilege. McCullough said it is a privilege.Later in the competition, the McCullough, Verg and Gould were asked to explain what they consider feminism to be and whether they consider themselves feminists. Miss District of Columbia said she likes to  transpose  the word feminism to  equalism. Watch: ABC Newshttps://youtu.be/muS063iEnIkMany Americans were cheering her response on Twitter:Miss USA is a wonderful role model! Leave it to the nasty, sneering left to attack her b/c she doesn't fit their narrative. @foxandfriends pic.twitter.com/CFmVdivTke  Kristin Tate (@KristinBTate) May 15, 2017https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/864121879837241345But many on the left were not as happy with the newly crowned Miss USA Kara McCullough.This Twitter user tells McCullough she doesn t  deserve Miss USA 2017  title because she s not towing the liberal line:#MissUSAHealthcare = privilege! loose a job ,ok to die bcs you don't deserve helpYou dont deserve Miss USA 2017!  Homes by Sylva (@sylvalisko) May 15, 2017TwitterThis Twitter user thought the results were  rigged  and should be decided by a  democracy LOL!Retweet if you think #MissUSA was rigged!!!!! OMG shouldn't MISS USA be decided by a democracy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/TJXp0U5Yl4  Sarah Lauren (@sarahmlauren) May 15, 2017When McCullough said she d like to replace  feminism  with  equality  the triggered left immediately turned that comment into a negative, insisting that she doesn t believe in equality for women.Miss USA 2017 is a no for me   she said she's against feminism and healthcare being a right? pic.twitter.com/ihPGBslN7H  Jon Snow (@justkriistel) May 15, 2017",0
10876,WATCH DEMOCRATS Repeat Exact Same Phrase On Fake Trump/Russian Story [Video],"The Democrats just keep on pushing the FAKE NEWS of Trump colluding with the russians to win the election. The striking thing is the coordination in talking points. Unreal! They must email every person to push over and over the same words so we re all brainwashed to believe the lies:Earlier in the week, the line was  crisis of confidence The Democrats are way too predictable!CNN decided it was a good time to declare  a crisis in confidence  with the trump administration What a joke! The firing of Comey was nothing of the sort! when Democrats called for coney s firing for months and then Trump finally fires him, how can that be a bad thing for Democrats? It s not they re just playing politics:CNN Reported: A president who thrives on crises has created the biggest one yet of his presidency.President Trump s decision to fire James Comey creates a crisis of confidence around the federal government on a level that most likely hasn t been seen since Watergate. With the tangled threads of Russian influence, last year s presidential election and an active FBI investigation, Trump s move will test loyalties and force a moment of truth for his Republican allies and his Justice Department.No one is seriously questioning whether the president acted within his authority, and the White House s official explanation for what transpired is straightforward enough. According to that version of events, the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended Comey s ouster, and the president quickly agreed and acted accordingly.",0
10877,‘NOT WITTINGLY’ JAMES CLAPPER Reveals Anti-Trump-Bitterness: “Our Institutions Are Under Assault” [Video],"All you have to do is listen to Clapper lie before Congress and you know he has ZERO credibility to speak:Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: Clapper took over in 2010 heading up 17 different intelligence agencies. His tenure was marked by the Edward Snowden leaks on US intelligence. He s always said he d resign at the end of Obama s presidency but we re wondering if he s jumping before Trump appointees arrive. Clapper and Gen. Mike Flynn have a history that s not so perfect:Two years ago, I was called into a meeting with the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and the director of national intelligence, and after some  niceties,  I was told by the USDI that I was being let go from DIA. It was definitely an uncomfortable moment (I suspect more for them than me).I asked the DNI (Gen. James Clapper) if my leadership of the agency was in question and he said it was not; had it been, he said, they would have relieved me on the spot.I knew then it had more to do with the stand I took on radical Islamism and the expansion of al Qaeda and its associated movements. I felt the intel system was way too politicized, especially in the Defense Department. After being fired, I left the meeting thinking,  Here we are in the middle of a war, I had a significant amount of combat experience (nearly five years) against this determined enemy on the battlefield and served at senior levels, and here it was, the bureaucracy was letting me go.  Amazing.This ll be interesting to watch.",0
10878,MINORITY TRUMP SUPPORTERS Thrown Out Of Maxine Waters Town Hall By Leftist Bullies [Video],"The video below begins with a Hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to Europe . He continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term PILGRIM! . This is California and this is the attitude of many hispanics. Notice how the t-shirts some of the Hispanics are wearing say, stolen lands . Maxine Waters  represents Inglewood, California where free speech is apparently just for those against President Trump. Anyone in the audience who is even perceived to be against Waters is yelled at and tossed out.Free speech? Notice how Maxine Waters claims that those who oppose her must not realize where they are INGLEWOOD! Isn t she doing exactly what Martin Luther King, Jr. fought against? She s refusing to allow anyone who disagrees with her to even be in the same room! The people who were tossed out for absolutely no reason!Watch Maxine lie through her teeth to the people of Inglewood about Trump s tax plan and healthcare bill. She pulls the class warfare card when describing the tax bill. Fear mongering is her forte as you ll see in the video below:THE STREET ARTIST SABO plastered these awesome posters all over Inglewood:Impeach Maxine Waters & Impeach Trump signs side by side. Only one is taken seriously.  pic.twitter.com/B1FJkmIFX2  Corryn Mobley  (@Corrynmb) May 14, 2017",0
10879,N. KOREA’S LATEST MISSILE LAUNCH Aimed At Testing Carrying “Large Scale Heavy Nuclear Warhead”,"North Korea said on Monday it had successfully conducted a newly developed mid-to-long range missile test on Sunday, supervised by leader Kim Jong Un and aimed at verifying the capability to carry a  large scale heavy nuclear warhead. Kim accused the United States of  browbeating  countries that  have no nukes  and warned Washington not to misjudge the reality that its mainland is in the North s  sighting range for strike,  the North s official KCNA news agency reported.The North fired a ballistic missile that landed in the sea near Russia on Sunday in a launch that Washington called a message to South Korea, days after its new president took office pledging to engage Pyongyang in dialogue.The missile was launched at the highest angle so as not to affect the security of neighboring countries and flew 787 kilometers (490 miles) reaching an altitude of 2,111.5 kilometers (1,312 miles), KCNA said.Experts said the altitude reached by the missile tested on Sunday meant it was launched at a high trajectory, which would limit the lateral distance it traveled. But if it was fired at a standard trajectory, it would have a range of at least 4,000 km (2,500 miles), experts said. The test-fire aimed at verifying the tactical and technological specifications of the newly developed ballistic rocket capable of carrying a large-size heavy nuclear warhead,  KCNA said. North Korea is believed to be developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and reaching the mainland United States.The U.S. military s Pacific Command said the type of missile that was fired was  not consistent with an intercontinental ballistic missile .The United Nations Security Council is due to meet on Tuesday to discuss North Korea s latest missile launch, diplomats said on Sunday, which was requested by the United States and allies South Korea and Japan.U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called the launch a message by Pyongyang to South Korea after the election of President Moon Jae-in, who took office on Wednesday.The report on the missile s flight was largely consistent with South Korean and Japanese assessments on Sunday that it flew 700 km (435 miles)and reached an altitude of more than 2,000 km (1,243 miles), which is further and higher than an intermediate-range missile tested in February from the same region, northwest of Pyongyang. North Korea s latest successful missile test represents a level of performance never before seen from a North Korean missile,  Washington-based monitoring project, 38 North, said in an analysis issued on Sunday. It appears to have not only demonstrated an intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM) that might enable them to reliably strike the U.S. base at Guam, but more importantly, may represent a substantial advance to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM),  it said.For entire story  REUTERS",0
10880,BUSTED! UNDERCOVER VIDEO Catches Teacher And Violent Radical Group Leader Brainwashing To Recruit Students: “Rich people want to deport illegal immigrants” [Video],"What a nut job! A 10th-grade teacher invited radicals into the classroom to brainwash and enlist children to join the radical group BAMN. A brave student recorded these commies describing stuff that s totally made up. This is total indoctrination and fear mongering that should never be allowed to take place in school.They re making Trump sound like he s doing something terribly wrong. Enforcing the law is pretty much a normal thing but we had 8 years of Obama s lawlessness that it s foreign for these people to understand the rule of law. A California teacher was caught on a cellphone camera having Livier Perez from BAMN, an organization known for promoting and acting upon violence, to speak to and recruit 10th-grade high school students. Towards the end of the video a student asks them to clarify their policy on immigration you ll love the answer: Open borders for everyone and free healthcare too! Unbelievable!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENlsl4IDe9AWe re being attacked every day by radials trying to brainwash our kids. Be aware!",0
10881,"PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Powerful First Commencement Speech: “In America We Don’t Worship Government, We Worship God” [VIDEO]","President Trump told the graduates that they are  graduating to a totally brilliant future. Trump specifically recognized graduates who have served in the military,  It is truly a testament to this university and to the values that you embrace, that your graduating class includes so many patriots who have served our country in uniform. He also thanked Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. and members of the Falwell family. You are about to begin the greatest adventure of your life,  said Trump who remarked how blessed the graduates are.Trump said that he knows each graduate will be  a warrior for the truth ,  a warrior for our country and for your family.  He encouraged them that they will do what is right even when it isn t easy,  You will be true to yourself, your family, your beliefs. The President then referred to what he has seen so far in his short time serving in Washington, D.C.:Trump remarked that those graduating have given half a million hours of charity in just the past year. We don t need a lecture from Washington on how to lead our lives,  he followed.He said he was standing in front of leaders, one or two future U.S. presidents could be in the crowd. America has always been a land of dreams because America is a nation of true believers,  said Trump who then referred to the pilgrims landing at Plymouth. He remarked that the pilgrims prayed and, later, America s Founding Fathers invoked Creator God four times in the Declaration of Independence. Because in America we don t worship government, we worship God,  he said.Watch:He recognized that United States currency bears the phrase,  In God We Trust  and referenced  One nation under God  in the Pledge of Allegiance. The story of America is the story of an adventure that began with deep faith, big dreams, and humble beginnings,  said Trump who said Liberty University began in the same way.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
10882,THE VIDEO LIBERALS Don’t Want You To See: LIL WAYNE Tells How A White Cop Saved His Life…”I Don’t Know What Racism Is”,"Lil Wayne, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr, was being interviewed on Fox Sports 1 s show Undisputed in September when he said he had  never dealt with racism .Here is the FOX Sports interview. Watch Lil Wayne say the media doesn t want to ask him about racism that he s faced, because  he s blessed  and that  never faced racism in his life :Carter cited as evidence the fact that his concerts were attended by a lot of white fans. I thought that was clearly a message that were was no such thing as racism,  he told host Skip Bayless.The New Orleans-born rapper came under fire on social media for his comments, but explained they had to do with the man who saved his life.Carter was just 12 years old when he accidentally shot himself in the chest.He was lying on the floor when police broke down his door, stepping over his body as they searched for guns and drugs.The cops who ran into the home were  blacker than me , Carter said, but the one cop who stopped to check on him was  white as snow .Carter said the man, who was known as  Uncle Bob , chastised his fellow officers for leaving him. He then personally took Carter to the hospital. (He) stood there and waited until the doctor said  He s gonna make it , Carter said.Watch Lil Wayne tell the story of how a cop  as white as snow  saved his life:  Yeah, he was a cop, and my life was saved by a white man. I don t know what racism is,  he added.Still Carter acknowledged that despite what he told Bayless on Undisputed, there is such thing as racism.However, he reiterated that when he looks out from the stage, he sees all colors. It s the world out there. It s not a certain part or a certain kind or a certain culture or whatever of people, it s people   those people out there in that crowd,  Carter said. I m blessed to have that opportunity, so with that said I can only be honest with such a thing, I have never witnessed racism.   Daily MailLil Wayne allowed Nightline to interview him last year. Nightline hosts were clearly disappointed when they didn t get the answers they had hoped for from him.  When Nightline host Lindsey Davis attempted to label him as a misogynist, and a sexist, he made it clear her labels were of no consequence to him. When she asked him about his  relationship with weed,  Lil Wayne surprised her by saying that in his life, God came first, then family, his kids, then music and last of all weed. The interview ended when Lil Wayne got angry as Davis seemed offended that he was unwilling to buy into the Black Lives Matter movement being pushed by Barack Obama: ",0
10883,WHOA! CHUCK TODD’S Combative and Insulting Interview of Sec of State Rex Tillerson Goes Off The Rails [Video],"Chuck Todd exposed his nasty side when he totally abused the Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on his show Meet the Press: Of course, Tillerson held his own and gave replies that we full of credibility and support for President Trump: I have a great relationship with the president. I understand what his objectives are. When I m not clear on what his objectives are, we talk about it. I am devoted to helping the president achieve his objectives, helping him be successful. And I understand I have to earn his confidence every day with how I go about those affairs and how I go about conducting the State Department s activities consistent with the direction he wants to take the country. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Pres. Trump:  I have to earn his confidence every day.  Watch more tomorrow on #MTP pic.twitter.com/PZnrqCZpAh  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) May 13, 2017FULL INTERVIEW:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lznEK71d9z4FULL TRANSCRIPT OF THE INTERVIEW: CHUCK TODD:When President Trump fired James Comey, a lot of Democrats jumped to the collection that the president was trying to stymie the investigation into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. And on Thursday, the president told NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt that he was thinking of, quote,  This Russia thing,  when he made his decision. Yesterday, I sat down with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and I began by asking him whether he agrees with the president that the Russia story is fake news and a witch hunt.SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, Chuck, the president I think has made it clear that he feels it s important that we reengage with Russia. The relationship with Russia, as he has described, and I have described as well, is I think at an all-time low point since the end of the Cold War, with a very low level of trust.I think the world, and it s in the interest of the American people, it s in the interest of Russia, the rest of the world, that we do something to see if we cannot improve the relationship between the two greatest nuclear powers in the world. So the president, I think, is committed to at least make an effort in that regard, and he has certainly asked me to make an important effort as well.CHUCK TODD:I understand that, but you look at what s happened in these Western European nations, in France and the U.K., in Germany, Italy. Accusations of Russian interference in their democratic process. What message does it send to those countries that their number one ally, the United States, the president fired the man at the agency that was looking into the very problem they re dealing with, Russian interference in the democracy?SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, Chuck, what I hear from the leaders of the other nations, Europe and more broadly, and the subject of Russia comes up in all of our conversations, is all the other nations want the U.S. and Russia to work towards improving our relationship as well, for all the reasons that I just mentioned.I think it s largely viewed that it is not healthy for the world. It s certainly not healthy for us, for the American people, our national security interest and otherwise, for this relationship to remain at this low level. Whether we can improve it or not remains to be seen.It s going to take some time. It s going to take a lot of hard work. But I think the president s committed, rightly so, and I m committed with him as well, to see if we cannot do something to put us on a better footing in our relationship with Russia.CHUCK TODD:Can you get on a better footing with them if you don t address this issue of the Russian interference? I mean your counterpart, the Russian foreign minister, Mr. Lavrov, said that you guys didn t even talk about this issue of Russian interference in our election because, as he put it, President Trump himself says it s fake news, so it s not an issue. Why haven t you brought it up with them?SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, Chuck, I think we have such a broad range of important issues that have to be addressed in the U.S.-Russia relationship. Obviously the interference in the election is one of those. I think it s been well documented, it s pretty well understood, the nature of that interference, here and elsewhere.And you know, these are not new tactics on the part of the Russian government, directed not only at us but at others. But again, I think we have to look at this relationship in its broadest contours, and there are many, many important areas which require our attention if we are to bring it back to a relationship that we believe is necessary for the security of the U.S.CHUCK TODD:Mr. Secretary, though. This is fundamental. They interfered with our democracy. I just don t understand how this is not a top issue for you to deal with with them in order to, essentially, start with a clean slate. Can t start with a clean slate until maybe they either own up to what they did, or we punish them in a way that they re not going to do this again.SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, Chuck, I think it s important to understand we re not trying to start with a clean slate. I think terms like having a reset are overused. You cannot reset. You cannot erase the past. You cannot start with a clean slate. And we re not trying to start with a clean slate.We re starting with the slate we have. And all the problems that are on that slate. We don t dismiss any of them. We don t give anyone a free pass on any of them. They re part of the entire nature of the discussion we re having with the Russians. And yes, there are a large number of issues that we have to get around to addressing in order to put this relationship back together, if that is indeed possible.CHUCK TODD:During your confirmation hearings you made clear you didn t have  obviously you hadn t been briefed on the intelligence reports, the 17 different agencies that came to the conclusions that the Russians did make an effort to interfere in this election. Obviously there s an investigation going along to see if there was any collusion in this interference. Since you ve become Secretary of State in February, have you been briefed? Have you seen this intelligence now? Is it clear in your mind that it is a fact the Russians interfered in our elections?SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:I have seen the intelligence reports, Chuck, and yes, I don t think there s any question that the Russians were playing around in our electoral processes. Again, as those intelligence reports also have indicated, it s inconclusive as to what, if any, effect it had.CHUCK TODD:I understand about the impact, but the fact that they got into it, what should the repercussions be now, in your mind?SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, they re just part of that broader landscape of conversations, Chuck. And I think, you know, the real impact is it serves yet again to undermine the trust between the United States and Russia. And as I have said, and the president has said, you know, we re just at a very, very low level of trust between our two countries right now. And so what we re exploring is how do we begin the process of restoring that trust. And ultimately it will touch on all of these issues.CHUCK TODD:I want to give you a chance to respond to an op-ed that Senator John McCain wrote, where he invoked your name, sir. He said this.  In a recent address to State Department employees Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said,  Conditioning our foreign policy too heavily on values creates obstacles to advance our national interests.' McCain goes on to write,  With those words, Secretary Tillerson sent a message to oppressed people everywhere,  Don t look to the United States for hope. Our values make us sympathetic to your plight, and when it s convenient we might officially express that sympathy.'  Some pretty tough words from Senator McCain. What do you say in response?SECRETARY REX TILLERSON:Well, first, I d say if anyone has earned the right to express their views, Senator McCain has. And I have great respect for the senator. I think the point that I was making, Chuck, in that message to State Department employees is an important one to understand.And that s that America s values of freedom, of treatment of people, human dignity, freedom of expression throughout the world, those are our values. Those are enduring values. They are part of everything we do. And in fact they serve as the guidepost and they serve as the boundaries as we develop our foreign policy approaches and our diplomatic efforts.But I make a distinction between values and policy. A policy has to be tailored to the individual situation. To the country. To its circumstances. To the broader issues that we are addressing in terms of advancing our national security interest, our national economic interest.And so policies have to be adaptable. They have to change. They have to adjust to conditions. But our values can never change. Our values can never be put in a position of having to be compromised. And so the values guide our policy, but if we put our values in the front of our policies and say,  This is our policy,  we have no room to adapt to changing circumstances to achieve our ultimate objective. And I think if we are successful in achieving our ultimate diplomatic and national security objectives, we will create the conditions for the advancement of freedom in countries all over the world.CHUCK TODD:Secretary Tillerson, I know you re busy and you ve got to get going. You ve got this big trip ahead of you. Thank you for spending some time with us. I appreciate it.",0
10884,MSNBC ANCHOR: Anti-Sanctuary City Law “Sounds Almost Like An Apartheid-Era Law” [Video],"Joy Reid is unbelievable when she claims the Texas anti-sanctuary city law  Sounds Almost Like an Apartheid-era Law So now enforcing the law is just like South African apartheid???The ACLU lawyer even agrees with Reid about the law These lefty political hacks are undermining the rule of law in America:ABBOTT SIGNS BILL ON SANCTUARY CITIES: Texas Governor Abbott just signed a ban on so-called  sanctuary cities COMMON SENSE IS BACK!Chances of this not being challenged in court are slim. It s pretty sad when your governor can t even enforce laws already on the books. Pitiful!Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Sunday signed a law targeting so-called  sanctuary cities  that allows police to ask about a person s immigration status and threatens sheriffs with jail if they don t cooperate with federal authorities.He signed the bill on Facebook today:Governor Abbott stated before signing the bill:  Let s be clear about something. We all support legal immigration. It helped to build America and Texas. Legal immigration is different from harboring people who have committed dangerous crimes. This law cracks down on policies like the Travis County sheriff who declared she would not detain known criminals accused of violent crimes. Those policies are sanctuary city policies and won t be tolerated in Texas. Abbott, a Republican in his first term, took the unusual step of signing the bill on Facebook with no advanced public notice. He said Texas residents expect lawmakers to  keep us safe  and said similar laws have already been tested in federal court, where opponents have already been hinting the bill will be immediately challenged. Texas has now banned sanctuary cities in the Lone Star State,  Abbott said.We couldn t be happier about this!The bill cleared a final hurdle this week in the Republican-controlled Legislature over objections from Democrats and immigrant rights supporters who ve packed the Texas Capitol. They call it a  show-me-your-papers  measure that will be used to discriminate against Latinos.Every major police chief in Texas opposed the bill. Republicans say it is needed to ensure local jails honor requests from federal officials to keep dangerous offenders behind bars.The Texas bill allows police to inquire about the immigration status of anyone they detain, a situation that can range from arrest for a crime to being stopped for a traffic violation.This is HUGE!Attorney General Jeff Sessions also put sanctuary cities on notice. The President and Sessions are putting the American people first when it comes to criminal illegal aliens:Read more: news9",0
10885,REPORT: PRESIDENT TRUMP To Replace Sean Spicer With FOX News Personality,"It s no secret that President Trump is very much a hands-on type of manager. Should anyone really be surprised by the firing and hiring of people in his inner-circle, as he assesses their job performances, to ensure the most qualified people are in place for key positions of his administration? The next couple of weeks should be interesting as Trump figures out which direction he ll go with press briefings, and who, if anyone, will represent him as a trusted and competent spokesperson. The inside scoop from Infowars, is that he s already made that decision White House sources have told Infowars that Sean Spicer could be fired within the next week as President Trump begins a purge of establishment advisers who he feels have failed to properly investigate leaks coming from within the administration.Speculation is already swirling as to whether or not Spicer will return after he was  benched  and temporarily replaced with Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.Spicer has behaved like a  deer in the headlights  in recent weeks and is not able to handle the pressure of the job, according to one source.They add that Spicer will be gone by next week and that former prosecutor and current Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle, who was previously considered for the role, is currently the favorite to replace him.   InfowarsBack in October, she was seen entering Trump Tower and rumors began swirling she was up for a position on the communications team. By December, the speculation hit its fever pitch and political observers were sure Guilfoyle would be involved with the operation somehow, whether as press secretary or in an ancillary role. Even some of her Fox News colleagues spoke out in favor of her heading to the White House.Still, a New York Times report yesterday said,  while Mr. Trump has raised the Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle to allies as a possible press secretary, he has spent several hours with Mr. Spicer this week, praising his television  ratings  during the briefings. Though Trump has been claiming he wants to stop the briefings, his actions indicate otherwise. Who knows, but maybe we ll see Guilfoyle at that podium sooner than we think. The only question left then would be who will play her on Saturday Night Live?A report from the AP out today also notes that  Trump is mulling expanding the communications team and has eyed hiring producers from Fox News.  -Mediaite",0
10886,BOOM! GOV SCOTT WALKER Slams ABC For Canceling Tim Allen’s Sitcom,"Governor Scott Walker, R-Wis., is reacting just like any fan scorned by callous Hollywood executives.The article Walker linked to outlined a compelling argument that ABC canceled the successful show despite its popularity and profitability because ABC and its parent company Disney do not want to promote its politics.  Through his character, the politically conservative Allen has poked fun at Hillary Clinton, political correctness, and the Left at large. Worse still, he has created a popular, sympathetic and likable television personality who holds the beliefs and values our entertainment and media elites want to tell us can only belong to Nazis,  it explained. Via WE",0
10887,SHOCKING! MSNBC REPORTER GRILLS MAXINE WATERS On Whether Comey Should Have Been Fired [Video],"TERM LIMITS, TERM LIMITS, TERM LIMITS! Maxine Waters is the poster child for term limits! She is a nasty and vey bitter racist who has such deep hate for Trump that she refuses to work with him. Well, good luck with that! The Republicans have the House, Senate and the Presidency so she won t get far without at least trying to work with the opposing party.We re thrilled to know that there s a decent reporter working for MSNBC! He wouldn t let her wiggle out of answering him. Great job!Maxine might want to start paying attention There s a candidate running against her that just might beat the old bat in the James Brown wig.",0
10888,FULL INTERVIEW: Judge Jeanine Pirro’s In-Depth Interview With President Trump [Video],"JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO S INTERVIEW WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP:President Donald Trump doubled down on his threat to end the White House daily press briefing, calling it a  good idea. In an interview with Jeanine Pirro, Trump reiterated what he had tweeted. You don t mean that,  Pirro responded. Unless I have them every two weeks and do it myself, we won t have them. I think it s a good idea,  he answered.Trump said there s an  incredible  level of hostility from reporters toward Press Secretary Sean Spicer and his deputy, Sarah Huckabee Sanders. He agreed with Pirro s assertion that he moves so quickly, his communications staff cannot keep up.He declined to answer directly when Pirro asked whether Spicer will continue as press secretary. He s doing a good job, but he gets beat up,  said Trump.Trump also discussed a report that he asked Comey whether the former director would be loyal to him:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2FUG4o5i70Great interview!",0
10889,"5 BIG LIES THE LEFTY MEDIA TOLD THIS WEEK…Then The Truth On Trump, Comey And Russia","We have very few favorites when it comes to reporting for obvious reasons: They lie all the time! Who hasn t read or heard something totally false about Trump and Russia? This past week was a banner week of lies from the main stream media so it s our pleasure to straighten things out for everyone We ve discovered a star news reporting organization that stands above most others in their reporting on the Trump/Russia investigation. CIRCA NEWS with Sara Carter and John Solomon are setting the record straight!Here s the skinny on the latest media lies and the truth via Circa:Aggressive news reporting can be a public service, like when courageous journalists exposed Richard Nixon s Watergate, the Catholic church s cover up of the sexual abuse and the U.S. intelligence failures that preceded 9-11.But breathless, half-baked reporting in times of tumult can also misserve the public, like when The Wall Street Journal retracted a false story that Bill Clinton had been seen in a compromising position with an intern in the White House or when NBC wrongly identified Richard Jewell as the Olympic Park bombing suspect.This past week, professional journalism offered us several new examples of breathless reporting during the brouhaha over Donald Trump, James Comey and Russia intelligence. At their least, some stories misled the public, and at their worst they outright misinformed.Here are some examples this week that should cause the media to search whether its current standards are doing enough to ensure the public gets the whole truth. You can review the facts and decide for yourself whether the media shamed itself.The Rosenstein  Quitting Episode The Washington Post reported Wednesday night that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had  threatened to resign after the narrative emerging from the White House on Tuesday evening cast him as a prime mover of the decision to fire Comey. The story cited an unnamed source close to the White House. But it did not have any comment or confirmation from the man who was alleged to have made the threat.When Sinclair Broadcast Group s Michelle Macaluso finally caught up to Rosenstein, a funny thing happened. He debunked the story. No, I m not quitting,  he said.The reporter pressed on:  Did you threaten to quit? No,  Rosenstein said.The Post did not return a call for comment Friday on whether it stood by its story.The Comey resources requestThe New York Times and several other outlets reported Wednesday that Comey, just before he was fired, had asked the Justice Department s Rosenstein for more funding and personnel for the Russia intelligence probe. But when Comey s deputy got to Capitol Hill the next day, he denied there was any need for more resources. I believe we have the adequate resources to do it and I know that we have resourced that investigation adequately,  FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe told lawmakers.McCabe said the FBI, if it needed more resources, wouldn t even go to the Justice Department but instead to Congress.  We don t typically request resources for an individual case,  he explained.CNN s claim that Trump  is under investigation During the breaking story on Comey Tuesday night, respected CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin declared the FBI director s firing was a  grotesque abuse of power  and that it was a  political act when the President is under investigation. Toobin is entitled to his opinion but he should have the right facts. Numerous sources confirm to Circa that Comey told Congress just last week that Trump is NOT a target of the Russia probe.CNN s connection of grand jury subpoenas to Comey s firingCNN went live with an exclusive the night Comey was fired, reporting that grand jury subpoenas were issued to associates of former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn seeking business records in the Russia case.But with one slight turn of hand, CNN s legitimate scoop was crafted to suggest there had been some correlation to Comey s firing. CNN learned of the subpoenas hours before President Donald Trump fired FBI director James Comey,  the network reported.The multitude of media comparisons to WatergateCountless media outlets from Politico and The New York Times to Mother Jones have suggested the whole Russia scandal is akin to Watergate, right down to Comey s firing mirroring Nixon s efforts to axe the special Watergate prosecutor Archibald Cox.There s just one problem with that. Nixon was the target of the Watergate probe and he was accused of specific crimes.Via: Circa New/John Solomon",0
10890,“SHE’S NO PUSHOVER”: How Sarah Huckabee Sanders Made It To The White House Podium,"Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders found herself behind the briefing room lectern last Wednesday fielding questions about the firing of FBI Director James Comey and the investigation into Russia s involvement in the 2016 campaign.Her calm, cool and collected approach to rapid-fire questioning stood in stark contrast to that of Sean Spicer s  brash mannerisms.But Sanders isn t a soft pushover, and she can hold her own   as evidenced by her approach to Thursday s briefing. Sanders often sighed and lamented that she had to repeat herself, answering reporters  questions regarding Comey s firing with,  I think I ve already answered this. Sanders  approach to handling the press is due to years of political upbringing, her father told Fox News in an interview. And for those who might not recognize her face, Sanders  maiden name, Huckabee, is a dead giveaway for just what kind of political upbringing that was.Family MattersThe daughter of former two-time Republican presidential candidate and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Sanders grew up in politics in a way that many kids don t, Huckabee said. I always say that when most kids are 7 or 8 years old out jumping rope, she was sitting at the kitchen table listening to [political commentators] analyze poll results,  he said.Sanders was consistently ingrained in her father s own political aspirations, serving as his field director for his 2002 gubernatorial reelection campaign and national political director during his 2008 presidential bid. In 2016, she ran his presidential campaign.But it was growing up in the Arkansas governor s mansion as a young teenager that prepared Sanders for her current role as deputy press secretary, Huckabee said.Huckabee became governor in the summer of 1996 as the then-Democratic Gov. Jim Guy Tucker was convicted of fraud. Huckabee describes the transition and the media during that time as  hostile  and  brutal  as the legislature was the  most lopsided in the country    worse than that of Massachusetts or Maine, he said. At the time, Huckabee said, Sanders was in junior high school. [Sanders] saw how utterly unfair and petty the press can be for even simple things,  Huckabee said.  So having grown up with that, I think people don t understand   it s not just that she presents a sort of sense of being beyond it; she really is. She s seen it her whole life. But Huckabee also credits his daughter s poise behind the briefing room podium to another familial matter   growing up with two older brothers. She grew up pretty doggone tough. She had to, as a matter of survival,  Huckabee said.  She s got a very sweet heart, but she s tough, and she can handle herself. She s had to take all kinds of gruff from her brothers, so she s pretty fearless. Huckabee added that as his youngest child   and his only daughter at that   Sanders was at time spoiled by her parents. But even still, the Huckabees sought to instill a spirit of hard work in all the children, he said. She s always been raised to tell the truth, take responsibility for her own actions, to work hard for what she wants in life. Even as teenagers, when they went to things like church camp, we wouldn t pay their tuition,  he said.  We told them that they needed to work in the cafeteria or snack bar to cover their costs   not because it was absolutely necessary, but because we wanted them to understand and appreciate that everything costs something. Road to the White HouseHuckabee describes his daughter as the type who was always ambitious. Like him, Sanders attended Ouachita Baptist University, a private liberal arts school in southwest Arkansas where she was student body president.Following college, Sanders took a job at the Department of Education under the Bush administration, according to a 2007 profile in Time. She s always been raised to tell the truth, take responsibility for her own actions, to work hard for what she wants in life.  Sanders  resume includes a bevy of GOP campaigns: working on former President George W. Bush s reelection campaign in 2004, acting as a senior advisor to Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton s Senate bid and managing other Arkansas Sen. John Boozman s bid for Senate.Outside of campaigning, Sanders worked as a national campaign manager for Bono s ONE Campaign, the grassroots advocacy organization aimed at ending poverty.She also cofounded the political consulting firm in Little Rock, Second Street Strategies, which her husband is also involved with.In 2010, Sanders was named to Time s 40 Under 40 list along with longtime Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, civil rights leader Ben Jealous and Rep. Justin Amash, R-Mich.But it was after Huckabee s withdrawal from the Republican-heavy field of presidential candidates in February 2016 when Sanders was tapped by the Trump campaign as a senior advisor and eventual on-air surrogate. I volunteered to join Mr. Trump s campaign because he is a champion of working families, not Washington-Wall Street elites,  Sanders said in a statement released by the campaign at the time.Her statement added praise for Trump s anti-abortion and  pro-marriage  stance.Next StepsAs Sanders has gained more notoriety in the Trump administration   often appearing on camera to defend the president s actions and agenda   rumors circulated among journalists and White House aides about her future in the Trump administration.Her time behind the podium this week in Spicer s absence could be an audition for his job, anonymous White House aides reportedly told Politico. We re all under the impression that Sanders is auditioning for a greater role in the Trump administration and don t rule out Spicer s job,  a White House aide told Fox News in response to the Politico report.But Sanders dismissed the idea as just  another ridiculous story. READ MORE: NYP",0
10891,BEAUTIFUL! FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP Hosts Military Moms: “Mother Is A Title That Changes Your Life Forever”,"Fist Lady Melania Trump hosted military moms at the White House on Friday. She gave a heartwarming and heartfelt speech about what it means to be a mother. She s beautiful inside and out!Notice how President Trump looks on lovingly and proudly. The First Lady speaks with empathy about how hard it must be for them to send their military son or daughter to fight for America: Thank you for all that you do, for your selflessness and for your own sacrifice on behalf of our country    First Lady Melania TrumpShe does a great job!THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE: In honor of Mother s Day, President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump welcomed active-duty troops, their spouses and mothers to the White House, today. As commander in chief of the United States, my supreme duty is to protect our citizens and that means supporting our servicemen and women,  the president said.  That obligation begins the first day they put on the uniform and continues every day after, when they return to civilian life as veterans. Trump said he would make sure the nation always takes care of its soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and the members of the Coast Guard. To every military service member, mother and spouse here today, I want you to know you have my complete and total support   [and] the White House, this administration and this government stands fully behind you,  the president said.Moms Are Heroes, Too As we celebrate Mother s Day this weekend, this is one of many opportunities for us to thank the incredible military mothers who love and care for our nation s heroes,  Trump said. The mothers are heroes, too. It is your sacrifice that protects our nation, safeguards our liberties and makes sure our beautiful American flag always waves proudly above our very glorious land,  he said to the military mothers in the audience.The president introduced First Lady Melania Trump, who said she was honored by the military members  presence as the nation celebrates National Military Appreciation Month and Mother s Day.Title That Claims The Heart As everyone in this room knows, mother is a title that claims your heart and changes your life forever,  the first lady said.  In fact, it has been said that having a child means allowing your heart to walk around outside of your body. For the mothers of someone who has, or is, serving our country, this must be especially true. Noting that while she, too, is a mother, Melania Trump said she does not know of the many different challenges that come with being the parent of a service member.Part Of A Community While you stand with many other parents, so strong and so proud, I am sure that you sometimes march on this journey alone,  the first lady said, adding,  While your sons and daughters are away serving so selflessly, having a community share even some of that burden must make all the difference in the world. Melania Trump told the mothers in the audience they are part of a community, and the White House is proud to be a part of it with them. Thank you for all that you do, for your selflessness and for your own sacrifice on behalf of our country,  she said. Let today s celebration with this community of strong and selfless moms be a first step in building relationships,  the first lady said,  and in your knowing, that my husband and I, along with   everyone here at the White House, hold you close in our hearts and thoughts each and every day. ",0
10892,KELLYANNE CONWAY Calls Out Classless CNN Anchor For “Sexist” Move [Video],Anderson Cooper decided it would be a good idea to roll his eyes numerous times during his interview with Kellyanne Conway Not smart!The cameras caught his eye rolls Classless move! Conway responded by calling his move  sexist . We have to agree because you know he wouldn t pull this move with anyone else. Conway has been just one more person the left has targeted with their slings and arrows. It s not professional critique but nasty and very sophomoric comments about anything from the way Conway dresses to her physical appearance. It s been brutal but she s such a strong woman that she just keeps bringing great commentary. We say BRAVO!The disrespect is unbelievable!,0
10893,"BOOM! DONALD TRUMP, JR Destroys Heckler At Rally…Crowd Erupts In Applause! [Video]","Donald Trump Junior was attending a rally when a heckler yelled out a question:Protester: What about your dad s taxes? I want to see his taxes!Donald Jr.: Oh, I don t know. I think Rachel Maddow released something that showed he made $150 million bucks and paid $45 million in taxes. I think the ones that were released showed he paid a much higher percentage in tax than Bernie Sanders and Barack Obama. And made a lot of money in the process. So guess what? You can do it all! You can be successful. You can pay your taxes. And I think that s what he did. So I really appreciate it. Thank you for the intro to that because I wouldn t have gone there.KFBB.com News, Sports and WeatherGreat answer!",0
10894,“DEAL WITH FACTS!”: Tom Brokaw Calls Out Political Hack Andrea Mitchell On Her Comey Narrative [Video],"Veteran newscaster Tom Brokaw called out political hack Andrea Mitchell on her ridiculous Comey narrative. He said,  deal with facts  in to Mitchell in an effort to snap her back into reality. Her judgement is so clouded by her hate for all things Trump that she can t see that Comey needed to be fired ASAP. Brokaw even said he didn t know anyone who thought Comey was doing a good job! Brokaw is a left-leaning journalist so his judgement isn t clouded with a pro-Trump agenda:Tom Brokaw:  One of the things that I learned during Watergate is that we dealt with it every day on a factual basis. There was not a lot of speculation. Now, of course, the media landscape has changed a lot, and we have that going on 24/7. I do think, however, that all of us as reporters have to take a deep breath and say let s deal with the facts as we know them at this point. Our obligation I think is to sort it out, truth from fact, and deal with the truth. Amen! Thank you Mr. Brokaw!",0
10895,ABC Shuts Down Conservative Tim Allen’s “Last Man Standing”…Viewers Furious When They See How Highly Show Was Rated,"Tim Allen s hit sitcom  Last Man Standing  has seen its final days.ABC announced it has canceled Allen s show after six seasons. This was a scheduling decision,  wrote Jori Arancio, senior vice president of ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios, in an email sent to Fox News on Friday.According to Deadline, ABC and its production partner for the show 20th Century Fox TV typically negotiate licensing fees prior to each season, however the network simply decided to pull the plug.A rep for 20th Century Fox TV told us cancellation decisions are made by ABC.  FOX NewsIn December, 2016, Tim Allen is took on  microagressions  in one of the episodes of ABC sitcom  Last Man Standing. In an installment entitled  Precious Snowflake,  Allen, who plays conservative family man Mike Baxter, goes head-to-head with his daughter Mandy over the issue on college campuses:The cancellation came as a shock for many fans considering the show s high ratings. Deadline reports the sitcom was the network s second-highest comedy this season and averaged 8.1 million viewers, just behind  Modern Family,  which averaged 8.7 million viewers this season and was recently renewed for two more seasons. It was also ABC s third highest watched scripted series behind  Grey s Anatomy  and  Modern Family. I am so upset that #ABC has decided to cancel Last Man Standing because Tim Allen is conservative. It's funny. #nomoreABC  Linda Smith (@LindaMcRaeSmith) May 12, 2017Wow ABC good job showing free speech by ending a conservative tv show cause you don't agree with it. #lastmanstanding #TimAllen best show!  Mary Popish (@maypop36) May 11, 2017Infuriated that @ABCNetwork is cancelling #lastmanstanding despite high ratings and viewership! I can find entertainment on other networks.  Natalie Richoux (@NatalieRichoux) May 12, 2017Tim Allen recently told Jimmy Kimmel that he had to  be careful  around  intolerant liberals  in Hollywood:",0
10896,FOUR CANDIDATES FOR FBI DIRECTOR Interviewed Today…One Is A Clinton Crony!,"Four candidates for FBI Director are being interviewed today. It looks like President Trump is going for candidates who are apolitical. John Cornyn would be the only exception to the group interviewing. Why the Texas Republican Senator?The remaining three are:Alice Fisher -lawyerMichael Garcia   judgeAndrew McCabe   Assistant FBI Director (ACTING DIRECTOR)We re hoping the Assistant FBI Director is being granted an interview out of courtesy and appearances. He should be fired!McCabe is under investigation and is a HUGE Clinton crony! The list of reasons NOT to give him the job are a mile long!A FEW OF OUR PAST REPORTS ON MCCABE:REPUBLICAN TURNS TABLES ON FBI: Deputy Director On The Hot Seat NowBREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500BREAKING: SECRET RECORDINGS About Clinton Foundation Caused Hostility, In-Fighting Between FBI AgentsTHE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT INTERVIEWS FOUR CANDIDATES TODAY:The Justice Department is interviewing four candidates on Saturday for the permanent position of FBI director, an administration official with knowledge of the vetting process confirmed.The candidates include the current acting director, a sitting congressman, a New York judge, and a former top Justice Department official during the George W. Bush administration. News reports throughout the day Friday cited as many as 11 people under consideration for the position.Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein plan to interview four candidates at the Justice Department on Saturday afternoon but it was unclear whether additional interviews might take place at a later date.According to the administration official, the four candidates being interviewed Saturday are Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe; Sen. John Cornyn, Texas Republican the Senate majority whip; Judge Michael Garcia, an associate judge at the New York Court of Appeals; and Alice Fisher, an attorney at Latham and Watkins law firm in Washington, D.C., and a former assistant attorney general for the Justice Department s criminal division.President Trump abruptly fired former FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, and Mr. McCabe was appointed to fill the role on an acting basis.Via: WT",0
10897,POST-OBAMA AMERICA: Liberal Thug Gets Physical With N. Dakota GOP Rep At Town Hall [VIDEO],"It s becoming fairly commonplace for public acts of violence to occur when liberals don t get exactly what they want. We used to rely on free speech at town halls to debate our differences, but we re living in a post-Obama era now, where Soros paid thugs have been committing so many acts of violence occur that we almost expect it. Sadly, wherever there is a gathering of people with opposing political views, most Americans now expect to see violence take place A man got physical with Republican North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer at a town hall meeting Thursday before being escorted out by police.The man was yelling at Rep. Cramer,  Will the rich benefit from, if the health care is destroyed, do the rich get a tax break? Yes or no?  He then shoved cash into the congressman s collar, saying,  There you go, take it. Cramer responded,  That s too far,  and police escorted the man from the meeting. Another man was escorted out after he stepped in and blocked the man yelling as he was angrily approaching the congressman.CNN anchor Poppy Harlow described the scene as,  This man showing his disgust with the Congressman s support of tax cuts for the wealthy, one part of the GOP plan right now. Earlier today we reported on a Tennessee woman has obviously bought into the left s playbook to act as crazy as possible when at a town hall.WEAKELY COUNTY, Tenn.   A Weakely County woman was arrested after reportedly following Congressman David Kustoff   and then threatening him.Police say Wendi Wright followed a car down Highway 45 Monday afternoon. Inside the car were Congressman Kustoff and aide Marianne Dunavant. Wright reportedly followed the car after it left a town hall on the UT Martin campus.THIS WOMAN LEFT THE TOWN HALL AND ENDANGERED THE LIVES OF THE CONGRESSMAN AND HIS PASSENGER! WHO DOES THAT?A police report states Kustoff and Dunavant felt they were in danger of being forced off the road.",0
10898,AWESOME! President Trump To The Crazed Media: “We do it with a piece of paper”…LOL! [Video],Judge Jeanine Pirro interviewed President Trump on the press and the Comey firing. The interview is fantastic! The interview begins with a discussion on James Comey and the FBI. Pirro says and Trump agrees that people are  caught up  on the  Comey issue . Trump speaks about Spicer and Huckabee and how it s hard to keep up with his schedule. Trump is very forthcoming about his day to day dealings with the press and world leaders. The newsmaker from the interview is Trump s comment about possibly not doing press conferences with the White House press:  We do it with a piece of paper with a perfectly accurate beautiful answer  Bill Hemmer in for Tucker Carlson gets a great interview with Judge Pirro We love the proposal from Trump that caused media heads to spin Too funny! He trolls the press beautifully! ,0
10899,PRICELESS! Trump Asks Teens How They Came Up With Project Name ‘Trump’…You’ll Love The Answer! [Video],"This is the greatest clip from a meeting with President trump by a group of teens from North Carolina whose project was to build a rocket. He asked how they came up with the name  Trump The answer is great!Trump: Why did you call your project name,  Trump ? Student: Because it conquers all. Trump: Watch, they won t put that on television.   pic.twitter.com/pmCATDlsmS  Alex   (@SoCal4Trump) May 12, 2017 When students from Charlotte s Victory Christian Center School decided to revive a rocketry team tradition of naming their rockets, one of the groups christened their rocket Trump.And if there s anyone who likes seeing his name on things, it s the president. So when the team went to Washington, D.C., on Friday to get ready for the national competition, they ended up showing their entry to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office. That s a mean-looking machine, huh?  the president said as the team set down their sleek black projectile with his name in gold letters. Simply because it conquers all,  one student replied, drawing a handshake from the president and cheers from his classmates. They re never going to put that on television,  Trump said.Two teams from the south Charlotte private school advanced through earlier contests to earn a place in this weekend s Team America Rocketry Challenge national competition. They knew they would meet with congressional leaders and industry officials on Capitol Hill, but it was not immediately known how the presidential photo op shaped up.GREAT KIDS!Read more: CO",0
10900,MICHELLE OBAMA COMES OUT OF HIDING To Accuse President Trump Of “Not Caring About Your Kids” Wants Them To Eat “Crap” [VIDEO],"Michelle came out of hiding today to take a baseball bat to President Trump. She spoke to an audience about nutrition and  started out her speech by attacking President Trump,  We gotta make sure we don t let anybody [Trump] take us back. Because the question is where we going back to? And this is where you really have to look at motives. Ya know I mean, you have to stop and think, why don t you want our kids to have good food at school? What is wrong with you? And then for the kicker, immediately after she lobs a direct verbal bomb at President Trump, she asks,  Why is that a partisan issue? Why would that be political?Mooch then goes on to call mom s to take action against Trump. She tells the audience,  Here s the secret If someone [Trump] is doing that (taking her crappy lunches out of school cafeteria s) they don t care about your kids. Can anyone imagine Laura Bush coming out on her first public appearance after leaving the White House and accusing the newly ordained Barack Obama of not caring about your kids? I can guarantee you d be hearing about it in more places than just conservative media sources like 100percentfedup.com!It s a question she should have asked herself. In case anyone has forgotten what Mooch s lunches for kids that she cared so deeply for looked like, we ve included a few examples of photos that were posted to social media of Mooch s  crap sandwiches . Hopefully these photos won t ruin your appetite for your next meal:Wow! I bet the kids couldn t wait to dig into this mystery meal:Fresh catch sandwich with fresh sweet corn!Here s Michelle s version of pizza:",0
10901,WOW! RUSSIAN HACKER Gives Stunning Details Of Deal FBI Offered Him To Falsely Claim He Hacked Hillary’s Email On Behalf Of Putin For Trump,"A Russian man wanted by the Justice Department on charges connected to hacking U.S. companies now claims the FBIoffered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks targeting former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.Yevgeny Nikulin, the alleged hacker, laid the claim to Russian media Thursday in a letter sent from a Czech Republic prison cell amid an international extradition battle currently underway between Washington and Moscow.FBI agents promised Mr. Nikulin money, American citizenship and a free apartment for taking the fall over hacking Mrs. Clinton s campaign, he alleged in a letter published Thursday by Nastoyashchoe Vremya, a Russian-language website. He was offered to falsely testify that he was cooperating in the attack on the Democratic Party,  defense attorney Martin Sadilek said Thursday, the Associated Press reported.The FBI declined to comment.Mr. Nikulin was apprehended in Prague last October pursuant to an internal arrest warrant and was subsequently charged by a federal grand jury in California with hacking LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring, three San Francisco-based internet companies. He s wanted in both the U.S. and Russia, however, and has remained for months in Czech custody as authorities review requests from both countries.FBI agents interviewed Mr. Nikulin twice since his arrest, he wrote, and each time asked him to confess to hacking American political targets. Mr. Nikulin said he refused their initial request last November, then received a second offer three months later.FBI agents asked Mr. Nikulin to admit hacking Mrs. Clinton s presidential campaign, Democratic Party computers and American polling stations  on Putin s orders,  he wrote. In exchange, he alleges, the FBI said he d be extradited to the U.S. but ultimately given money, citizenship and a free apartment.  Washington Times",0
10902,LIBERAL SMACKDOWN! Sean Spicer Zings Reporter Over Trump’s Comey Tweet [Video],"The faux outrage from the press over any and every move that President Trump makes is getting so old! Just ask Sean Spicer He showed his awareness of the ridiculousness of the press with this SMACKDOWN of a reporter during his press conference today:I love how Spicer dismisses the biased media and moves on. This is exactly how you have to deal with them.  #PressBriefing pic.twitter.com/q5E50HZPXb  Alex   (@SoCal4Trump) May 12, 2017HERE ARE SOME OF OUR FAVORITE SPICER MOMENTS:Everyone who has ever watched a Sean Spicer press conference has witnessed the melt down and completely childish behavior of the leftist media. This video perfectly illustrates how childish our media acts and how Sean Spicer responds to them, as though he s talking to a group of kindergarten students.Hilarious!This is by far the funniest video I've EVER seen showing WH reporters behaving like kindergartners. LMAO #FlashbackFriday pic.twitter.com/X9PO7oOnOg    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) April 7, 2017WE THINK SEAN SPICER LEADS THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION FOR THE BEST ZINGERS   HERE ARE A FEW OF OUR FAVORITES:SHE GOT SPICED! White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer zinged Alexis Simendinger after the Real Clear Politics reporter whined to Spicer to call on her fellow commie from the New York Times.The mainstream media is clearly a leftist clique united against the Trump administration. On Thursday, Spicer called on Simendinger during a heated press briefing.Instead of asking her own question, Alexis snarked:  Could you help us all by calling on Peter right now? Could you call on the New York Times, please? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dT68A4lQXUCNN continues to trail the other two news networks in ratings Here s why: Wolf Blitzer was interviewing the RNC s Sean Spicer and kept pushing the false narrative that Trump is tied to neo-Nazi groups. Spicer finally got sick and tired Blitzer asking the same question to push the narrative and blew up at him CNN is Disgusting!You ve Asked Me Eight Times!Sean Spicer Blows Up When Wolf Blitzer (Wolfie the blinker) Pushes on Neo-Nazis #CrookedMedia pic.twitter.com/Gf57Wv6WyI  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) November 23, 2016",0
10903,WHOA! COLLEGE SNOWFLAKE FREAKS OUT: Screams For Two Minutes Over A Trump Sign On Campus,"So much for healthy debate on college campus Instead, liberals deal with conflict by screaming at the top of their lungs in protest. How mature A shocking new video shows a Western Washington University student screaming for at least two-minutes straight after seeing a Donald Trump sign on campus.According to a video of the incident obtained by Campus Reform, an unknown student reacted to a street preacher s pro-Trump sign by spiraling into a two-minute fit, at some points even splattering paint on the ground in an apparent attempt at artistic protest.At certain points throughout the video, passers-by stop to ask the woman if she s alright, to which she seems to indicate that she s screaming as a form of protest.This  woman  needs to go back to pre-school to learn how to behave. Screaming gets NOTHING done it just makes people want to run away from you. How about mature discussion and debate?Read more: Campus Reform",0
10904,PRESIDENT TRUMP WARNS Comey…Tweets Veiled Threat To Former FBI Director,"Donald Trump lobbed a veiled threat at the former FBI director on Friday, hinting that some of their conversations before his firing may have been recorded. James Comey better hope that there are no  tapes  of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  the president tweeted.James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017It s unclear whether Trump was warning that the White House is recording his calls, or if he believes the FBI may have been recording Comey s.Trump said Thursday during an interview with NBC News that the two men have spoken at least three times since Inauguration Day.Watch President Trump tell NBC s Lester Holt he was going to fire Comey anyway:And on those occasions, he insisted, Comey assured him that he was not personally the subject of any federal investigations. He said it once at dinner and then he said it twice during phone calls,  Trump said.He described a matter-of-fact exchange over dinner in which he asked an unusual question and got an unconventional response. I said,  If it s possible would you let me know, am I under investigation?  Trump recalled. He said,  You are not under investigation . It is rare for a federal law enforcement official to tell anyone, including the President of the United States, whether they are being investigated.Even if Comey doesn t speak to reporters about the circumstances behind his dismissal on Tuesday, he may have a high-profile venue to tell his side of the story.The Senate Intelligence Committee has asked him to testify next week.The latest twist from Trump amid reports that he demanded loyalty from James Comey during the private dinner at the White House back in January.The claims from associates of the now fired FBI director. Comey had told associates that he was summoned to the White House for a one-on-one dinner with Trump seven days after the inauguration, the New York Times reports.It was during the dinner that Trump reportedly asked Comey twice to pledge loyalty to him as the new Commander in Chief.Sources claim Comey declined to do so but said he told the President he would always be honest with him.Trump is said to have pressed Comey on whether that would be  honest loyalty , to which the FBI director said:  You will have that.  Sources close to Comey said he now believes this dinner conversation may have sealed his fate.This version of events is vastly different to the dinner conversation Trump himself described in an interview with NBC s Lester Holt on Thursday.The version is denied by the White House. But the president also used Twitter on Friday morning to say that  it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy .While it is not clear if they are talking about the same dinner, the pair are believed to have only dined together privately once.Trump indicated that he had dinner with Comey at the former FBI director s request   and said Comey was angling to keep his job. I had a dinner with him. He wanted to have dinner because he wanted to stay on. We had a very nice dinner at the White House,  Trump said. He asked for the dinner?  Holt followed up. A dinner was arranged, I think he asked for the dinner,  the president hedged.  And he wanted to stay on as the FBI head. And I said I ll consider and we ll see what happens. But we had a very nice dinner. And at that time he told me  you are not under investigation ,  Trump said.Trump said he had asked Comey   once over dinner and twice by phone   if the FBI were investigating him as part of its probe into alleged collusion between members of his campaign and the Russian government prior to the election.The President showed no concern that the request might be viewed as interference in the active FBI probe.Comey has not spoken publicly to confirm or challenge Trump s account.During that same interview, Trump declared he had planned to fire Comey all along, regardless of whether top Justice Department officials recommended the stunning step.The White House had initially cited a Justice Department memo criticizing Comey s handling of last year s investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails as the impetus for Trump s decision.For entire story-Daily Mail",0
10905,WHOA! WATCH All H*ll Break Loose After ABC Reporter Calls Sarah Huckabee a Liar [Video],"We love Sarah Huckabee! She is a no-nonsense spokesperson for President Trump! The video below is a classic! HOLD ON JONATHAN, I LET YOU FINISH AND READ OFF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THOSE STATEMENTS. SO, UNLESS YOU WANT TO TRADE PLACES I THINK IT S MY TURN NOW.  THE PRESIDENT IS THE ONLY PERSON THAT CAN FIRE THE DIRECTOR OF THE FBI. HE SERVES AT THE PLEASURE OF THE PRESIDENT, THE PRESIDENT MADE THE DECISION, IT WAS THE RIGHT DECISION.  THE PEOPLE THAT ARE IN THE DARK TODAY ARE THE DEMOCRATS. THEY WANT TO COME OUT AND TALK ABOUT HOW THEY LOVE COMEY AND HOW GREAT HE WAS, LOOK AT THE FACTS  IN WASHINGTON WE FINALLY HAD SOMETHING THAT I THINK WE SHOULD HAVE ALL BEEN ABLE TO AGREE ON, AND THAT WAS THAT DIRECTOR COMEY SHOULDN T HAVE BEEN AT THE FBI, BUT THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO PLAY PARTISAN GAMES Sarah Huckabee Sanders: The people who are in the dark today are the Democrats https://t.co/ciA8zZz5ek  Daniella Diaz (@DaniellaMicaela) May 11, 2017Please go to the 23:26 point for the entire back and forth between Sarah and Jonathan Carl:BOOM! YOU GO SARAH!",0
10906,WOW! MALE College Professor Caught On Camera BULLYING Female Pro-Life Student: “College campuses are not free speech areas” [VIDEO],"A Fresno State University professor was recently caught on camera scrubbing pro-life message off of the sidewalk and encouraging several of his students to do the same.Here is Gregory Thatcher s profile on the Fresno State College website. We thought we d post it before they take it down. His contact information is listed below, if you d like to have a respectful free speech discussion with him. The whole idea of free speech is that we have a free speech area on campus, kay?  Professor Gregory Thatcher erroneously declares in a video recorded by the school s Students for Life chapter.  Free speech is free speech in the free speech area. It s a pretty simple concept, okay? This does not constitute a free speech area, okay? He and his  students  go on to argue that it is within their own First Amendment rights to actively remove the pro-life messages from campus, and in one instance Thatcher claims that since the pro-life group has  permission to put it down  he has  permission to get rid of it. This is our part of free speech. Do you disagree with our part of free speech?  Thatcher asked while erasing one of the club s messages, after which he proclaimed that  college campuses are not free speech areas. The Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) has since filed a lawsuit against Thatcher on behalf of the Students for Life chapter at Fresno State, arguing that his efforts to intimidate and harass members of the Student for Life chapter violated their fundamental right to free speech.***WARNING***The video you are about to see will make your blood boil. It s pretty hard to watch a full grown man employed by Fresno College sending female students out to do his dirty work. It s even harder to watch the way he aggressively approaches this young female pro-life student, while arrogantly explaining to her that he has the right to deny her free-speech in America Fresno State Students for Life received full permission to chalk pro-life messages near the library. Rather than countering with his own message, Dr. Thatcher took the illegal approach of censoring speech and inciting students to help in this,  Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America, remarked in a press release, claiming that no student  should have to endure this kind of intimidation and harassment for simply expressing their views. For entire story: Campus Reform ",0
10907,“This Is TOTALLY FAKE!” Tucker Loses His Temper on Russia Conspiracy Hack [Video],"Tucker Carlson debates the Russia conspiracy with Mustafa Tameez, former consultant for the Department of Homeland Security. Oh boy! It gets so heated but Tucker gets his point across to this political hack: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4xzSKcArdcThe Democrats so desperately want to take down this president that it s getting out of control. Just listen to this  former consultant  and his spin on the firing of Sally Yates and the Russia investigation. The reason they fired her isn t really the reason they say they fired her? Huh? It s like they can t keep up with all of the made up conspiracy theories. Tameez claims Trump is intimidating the people investigating him Oy vey! Tucker goes off the rails after this political hack tries to pull the same Democrat talking points I m done!  ",0
10908,DEMOCRAT SENATOR Makes Up FAKE Anti-Trump Story During CNN Interview [VIDEO],"The Democrats are lying all over the place along with the main stream media it s hard to keep up with the lies. This is shameful and every one of these people should be called out on their lies. Markey repeated something he read on two blogs! So who repeats as FACT something they just READ about on two blogs? Unbelievable!Senator Ed Markey was on CNN and lied during the interview about Trump Shame on him!Sen. Ed Markey (D., Mass.) on Wednesday spread a false news story about the investigation into President Donald Trump s campaign team s purported ties to Russia. There are very strong allegations that the Russians had relationships with people inside of the Trump campaign,  Markey said during an interview on CNN. In fact, subpoenas have now been issued in Northern Virginia with regard to General [Michael Flynn] and General Flynn s associates,  Markey continued.  A grand jury has been impanelled up in New York. There have been subpoenas issued in Virginia (to associates of Flynn), but no reputable outlet has reported anything about an impaneled grand jury. When a Guardian reporter requested a source, Markey s office said he read about it on two blogs Huh?The democrats are so desperate to nail Trump that they re taking fake news to a whole new level ",0
10909,WOW! SARA HUCKABEE-SANDERS Drops Mother Of All Verbal Bombs On Media Over Hypocrisy On Comey Firing [VIDEO],"ABC s Jonathan Karl asked a very spunky Sara Huckabee-Sanders (yes, Sara is the daughter of the very funny and sarcastic former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee) if Vice President Pence was  in the dark  about the firing of FBI Director James Comey? Sara snapped back,  Nobody was in the dark Jonathan! You wanna create this false narrative. If we want talk about ah contradicting statements and people that were maybe in the dark, how about the Democrats?  Let s read a few of them. You wanna talk about  em? Here s what Democrats said not that long ago about James Comey :Harry Reid said,  Comey should resign and be investigated by the Senate. Senator Chuck Schumer,  I don t have confidence in him anymore.  Senator Bernie Sanders said,  It would not be a bad thing for the American people if Comey resigned.  Nancy Pelosi said,  Comey was not in the right job.  Former DNC Chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that she thought Comey was no longer able to serve in a neutral and credible way.  President Obama s advisor Valerie Jarrett reportedly urged him to fire Comey.  Just yesterday, Representative Maxine Waters said that,  Hillary Clinton would have fired Comey.  You wanna talk about people who are in the dark? The people that are in the dark today are the Democrats.Boom!Earlier today, we posted a video that President Trump posted to his Twitter page pointing out the absurd hypocrisy of the Democrats and their allies in the liberal media. This video pretty much sums up how hypocritical Democrats and their media arm really are when it comes to anything related to Trump.Watch:The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/UfbKEECm2V  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017 ",0
10910,UNHINGED LIBERAL ARRESTED For Chasing GOP Congressman Down Highway…Then Doing This,"A Tennessee woman has obviously bought into the left s playbook to act as crazy as possible when at a town hall The ironic thing in what she did is she now cannot vote. Felons can t vote LOL!WEAKELY COUNTY, Tenn.   A Weakely County woman was arrested after reportedly following Congressman David Kustoff   and then threatening him.Police say Wendi Wright followed a car down Highway 45 Monday afternoon. Inside the car were Congressman Kustoff and aide Marianne Dunavant. Wright reportedly followed the car after it left a town hall on the UT Martin campus.THIS WOMAN LEFT THE TOWN HALL AND ENDANGERED THE LIVES OF THE CONGRESSMAN AND HIS PASSENGER! WHO DOES THAT?A police report states Kustoff and Dunavant felt they were in danger of being forced off the road.When they pulled into the driveway of someone they know, Wright reportedly ran to the car and screamed while banging on the car and reaching in.She then reportedly blocked the car until police were called and she ran away.Wright later posted about the incident on her Facebook account.She is charged with felony reckless endangerment.This incident is such a sign of the times we re in. The left is so out of control and so angry.THIS CONGRESSMAN HAS A WIFE AND TWO CHILDREN!The main stream media and Democrat politicians are guilty of feeding this anger and hate with all of their lies and inflammatory language. Shame on them!Via: wreg",0
10911,FURIOUS FBI Agents Speak Out On Clinton Email Case: “We didn’t search their house. We always search the house.”,"FBI Agents are coming forward now to voice their frustrations and concerns about FBI Director James Comey s inept policing of the FBI. Specifically, the Clinton email investigation was held up by Comey standing in the way. One of the specifics of the investigation that hindered it was that the Clinton house was never searched. The FBI always does a search of a household in an investigation. The New York FBI agents working the case were livid at the stonewalling in the Clinton case. FBI agents are now lawyering up and speaking up to tell what they know This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have convened but was not. That is appalling,  an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision.  We talk about it in the office and don t know how Comey can keep going. DID ANYONE ELSE THINK THIS EXACT SAME THING:The agent was also surprised that the bureau did not bother to search Clinton s house during the investigation. We didn t search their house. We always search the house. The search should not just have been for private electronics, which contained classified material, but even for printouts of such material,  he said. There should have been a complete search of their residence,  the agent pointed out.  That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable. The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire. Another special agent for the bureau that worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by Comey s saying:  we  and  I ve been an investigator. The idea that the Clinton/e-mail case didn t go to a grand jury is ridiculous. According to Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova, more FBI agents will be talking about the problems at bureau and specifically the handling of the Clinton case by Comey when Congress comes back into session and decides to force them to testify by subpoena. People are starting to talk. They re calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked to day to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away. The most important thing of all is that the agents have decided that they are going to talk. Read more: Daily Caller",0
10912,"WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP Hilariously Exposes Hypocrisy Of Democrats, Media Allies On Comey Firing In One PERFECT Video","Before Trump, Democrats and their allies in the leftist media rarely had to worry about being called out for their hypocrisy. First of all, there wasn t an opposing voice in the media and politicians in the Republican Party, most especially the President of the United States, certainly weren t going to call them out. Before Donald J. Trump, Republicans were under the false impression that they needed the press in their corner. That was before Donald J. Trump shattered the old rules that protected the media class from scrutiny and allowed them to fully control the narrative.Fortunately for every American, there s a new sheriff in town, who is hell-bent on holding Democrats and the leftist media s feet to the fire when it comes to their hypocrisy. President Trump posted this hilarious video to Twitter yesterday that has already received over 77K  likes .President Trump tweeted this message yesterday:Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 10, 2017President Trump followed it up with this hilarious video only 5 hours later in this tweet: The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwampThe Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/UfbKEECm2V  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017",0
10913,LOL! CNN Interview Abruptly Ends When Student Who Started Protest At Betsy DeVos Speech Realizes He Can’t Explain Why He’s Protesting [VIDEO],"The students of the historically black Bethune-Cookman University booed the invited commencement speaker, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. They yelled over her speech, they even turned their backs on her. For 25 minutes the students at Bethune Cookman reminded us just how far Obama has divided our nation.A sophomore student at Bethune-Cookman, a historically black university, filmed himself running around with his phone as he yelled for the seniors to stand and rebuke Betsy DeVos during her commencement speech. He implored the graduating seniors to disrupt her speech by yelling and standing with their backs to  DeVos, who bravely persevered through her speech in spite of their embarrassing behavior.The student, who says his name is  Bobbie Luke  and identifies himself as a  StuPid NiGGA  on his Twitter account, was eventually thrown out of the venue by campus security.CNN breathlessly followed the student as he was being thrown out, hoping to get an intelligent response from the student about why he was whipping the graduating seniors into a frenzy over Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos  commencement speech. What they got however, was a big disappointment.Here s the video that was taken by @bobbieluke on his cell phone of the graduating seniors responding to his pleas to disrupt and disrespect their commencement speaker:BCU17. We Salute you all standing up for what is right and blocking out @BetsyDeVosED pic.twitter.com/dRguU6EIYC  The HBCU Roundtable  (@HBCU_Roundtable) May 10, 2017Here s another video taken from the audience that shows Bobbie Luke walking down the aisle encouraging the students to stand with their backs to DeVos :https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/862394519056265217Here s the video taken by CNN reporter Nick Valencia that exposes Bobbie Luke s embarrassing attempt to explain why he chose to lead the disrespectful rebuke of Betsy DeVos at the senior s graduation ceremony. When asked by the CNN reporter what he was standing up for, Luke replied:  I don t like what she said and nothing at the end of the day is going to change my opinion. Basically, if you not, if you not, basically if you let money devalue your morals, I m not trying to hear. That s all I got to say. As Bobbie Luke is walking away, he can be heard saying, I like your suit.  (Bobbie Luke essentially ends the interview  by saying he likes the CNN reporter s nice [expensive?] suit that was purchased with money, that according to Luke, devalues morals LOL!)One demonstrator escorted out of @BetsyDeVos speech. pic.twitter.com/VmssgmakMR  Nick Valencia (@CNNValencia) May 10, 2017Liberal hack Matt Lauer, host of the Today Show did a story on the disrespectful behavior of the graduates. As usual, Lauer couldn t help himself from attempting to make it look like DeVos was the villain in the story. Listen to the emphasis Lauer places on words and phrases like  controversial  educational secretary. He goes on to say DeVos was  booed , and she  upset  students, and  some  of the graduates students turned the backs on her, and  she  upset the students. Every word this liberal hack, who s posing as a benign host on the Today Show utters is planned in advance of his segments. Hosts like Lauer and Katie Couric are some of the most dangerous people in media today, as they have influenced millions of people who watch them without realizing they ve been pushing a radical agenda for decades, while they smile and pretend to be reporting unbiased news.WATCH: Education Secretary Betsy DeVos booed during commencement speech at Bethune-Cookman University https://t.co/Pzb8LaYIrv pic.twitter.com/7P55IaILGP  TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 11, 2017Bobbie Luke got a lot of support from the students on the campus of Bethune-Cookman on Twitter. He also got support from this  goofy white dude  who was  so happy to see the backlash BCU gave the rich white devil.  Wow  a white guy railing against a wealthy white woman how self-satisfying, how empowering! @bobbieluke I'm a goofy white dude from Colorado but that made me so happy to see the backlash BCU gave that rich white devil. My heroes!  Alex Miller (@MCChewRocka) May 11, 2017",0
10914,"CLASS ACT: Watch Betsy DeVos Respond While Students At Black College Yell, Heckle, Turn Backs On Her During Commencement Speech [VIDEO]","Betsy DeVos just proved to America why President Trump chose her among so many qualified candidates to reform our broken education system. Full-grown men would have crumbled under the kind of pressure and hate she was facing during her graceful commencement speech. Let s face it, most of us would have walked off the stage, but Betsy DeVos, firm in her resolution to deliver the speech she was invited to share, stood at the podium, and against all odds, addressed an angry group of students railing against  the injustice  at a college where 95% of the students receive some form of state or federal grant money.During the roughly 25-minute speech, DeVos took time to address the criticism that s come her way since she was unveiled as the university s graduation speaker, telling the crowd it was important to converse with and learn from people despite disagreements.The natural instinct is to join in the chorus of conflict, to make your voice louder, your point bigger and your position stronger,  DeVos said.  But we will not solve the significant and real problems our country faces if we cannot bring ourselves to embrace a mindset of grace. We must first listen, then speak   with humility   to genuinely hear the perspectives of those with whom we don t immediately or instinctively agree,  she continued.While DeVos spoke, the students continued to heckle and yell over DeVos as she persevered through her speech. The University president who was clearly embarrassed by the behavior of the graduates finally stepped up to the microphone to address the students in hopes of getting the disrespectful group under control telling them,  If this behavior continues, your degrees will be mailed to you. Choose which way you wanna go.  He then implored the students to be seated.The students chose to continue with their embarrassing behavior, at which time DeVos began to once again address the crowd:Many Bethune-Cookman University students, alumni and supporters made their disapproval of DeVos  appearance known well before she took the stage.On Tuesday, Bethune-Cookman University students and alumni delivered thousands of signatures to the school s president, Edison O. Jackson, and the university s Board of Trustees in a last-ditch effort to try and change their minds about inviting DeVos to speak.DeVos, a West Michigan native, initially drew ire from students and supporters from historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs, throughout the country after she connected HBCUs to the school choice movement in February. MLiveDeVos recently met with presidents and chancellors of historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs, at the White House. Following that meeting, she said in a statement that a key priority for the administration was to help develop opportunities for underserved communities, and praised HBCUs for fulfilling that mission all along. They started from the fact that there were too many students in America who did not have equal access to education,  she said in the statement.  They saw that the system wasn t working, that there was an absence of opportunity, so they took it upon themselves to provide the solution. DeVos continued:  HBCUs are real pioneers when it comes to school choice. They are living proof that when more options are provided to students, they are afforded greater access and greater quality. Critics were quick to point out on social media that HBCUs were initially founded in part because black students often did not have the option to enroll in existing public institutions in the South.Others noted public HBCUs were generally not offered the same amount of funding and resources predominantly white colleges and universities received.In an interview with The Chronicle of Higher Education about the controversy, Dillard University President Walter Kimbrough said similar comments she made in the listening session  didn t come across as ill-spirited,  but was a poor analogy. I think she was honestly trying to find a way to connect her experience with HBCUs,  he told The Chronicle of Higher Education.  MLive ",0
10915,MARK LEVIN BURNS OBAMA: “Trump did what Obama didn’t have the nerve to do” [Video],"This is truly epic! Mark Levin goes after the Democrats on their hypocrisy in the firing of Comey and the Russia/Trump investigation .He specifically goes after Chuck Schumer:Notice how he says,  the media and the Democrats, one and the same Haha!Levin lists all of the items that he feels warrant a special prosecutor including the Iran deal: How about an independent special prosecutor to investigate this whole seedy Iranian deal? Levin goes on to speak highly of the Assistant Attorney General and how the Democrats are truly hypocritical because they voted overwhelmingly for his confirmation:Every single Democrat voted for his confirmation: 94-6 The new assistant Attorney General doesn t have a political bone in his body https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUyf945m8ho The President of the United States did what Barack Obama didn t have the nerve to do!    Mark LevinWe want more Levin! He nails it!",0
10916,FORMER JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL On Why Comey Was Fired: “You never do that.”," Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp    former Justice Department official Victoria ToensingVictoria Toensing and her husband Joe diGenova are two well respected lawyers in DC. Because of their closeness to the intel community, Toensing has the inside scoop and held nothing back during an interview about whether Comey should have been fired:While the media and politicians from both parties look for deeper reasons for President Trump s firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, a former Justice Department official says the decision was long overdue and needed for obvious reasons. It just came too late, 109 days too late. Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp and we all tried to warn the White House, and they didn t listen to us,  said Toensing, who also served as a federal prosecutor.And why did they implore President Trump to fire him? Comey was a narcissist,  she said.  It was all about Comey, and he delighted in wanting to bring down powerful people if they were Republicans. On Tuesday, the Trump administration released its rationale for the Comey firing, focusing on his public announcement that no charges should be filed against Hillary Clinton in the wake of the FBI probe into her use of a private, unsecured server through which she sent and received classified information while she served as secretary of state.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein accused Comey of usurping the authority of the attorney general in making such a pronouncement and for exposing Clinton s misdeeds when he was effectively closing the investigation.But Toensing said Comey made far more mistakes, starting with his repeated misstating of the statute in question. Comey insisted that intent to break the law was required to bring charges, while gross negligence is the standard laid out in federal law. She also savaged Comey for refusing to impanel a grand jury to probe Clinton and for allowing the same attorney to represent multiple witnesses in the case. That s called a conflict of interest, because that lawyer can get all of her clients together and they can all read from the same music,  she explained.  You never do that. Toensing is also dismissing the intense reaction from Democrats, who she said are now appalled after calling for Comey s head for months. She said the idea that Trump fired Comey because of the ongoing Russia investigation is ridiculous, and so are any comparisons to Richard Nixon s  Saturday Night Massacre. In Watergate, there was a crime. There was a burglary. There was a break-in. What s the crime here? What s the crime? Do we have a crime? No, there s no crime,  said Toensing, noting that Russian involvement in U.S. elections is nothing new. Read more: wnd",0
10917,CBS Reporter Asks Putin How Comey’s Firing Will Affect Russia…His Answer Is PRICELESS! [VIDEO],"Russian President Vladimir Putin got sassy with the press when he was approached by a reporter and asked about Comey: What do we have to do with it? I m off to play hockey with my fans    Putin s answer when asked how Comey s firing will affect Russia PRICELESS!HAHAHA #Putin reacts to #ComeyFiring What do we have to do with it? I m off to play hockey with my fans #RussiaInvestigation pic.twitter.com/jLEe6Qw8Uu  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) May 10, 2017THIS ISN T THE FIRST TIME PUTIN S GOTTEN SASSY WITH THE PRESS: PUTIN Steals Famous President Bush Quote In Forceful Denial Of Russian Interference In U.S. ElectionsRussian President Vladimir Putin has denied interfering in the U.S. elections, and he did it by using a famous quote from a U.S. president. Watch my lips, no,  Putin said.The Russian strongman made the claim when asked point-blank whether Russia had interfered and whether any evidence to the contrary would get found.He invoked former President Reagan, although the  Read my lips  quote was actually used by his successor, George H.W. Bush, speaking at a CNBC event on Arctic issues.Putin said claims of Russian interference were  lies  used for  domestic American politics.All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies,  Putin continued. All these are used for domestic American political agendas. The anti-Russian card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside. Then he delivered a friendly message to U.S. audiences.  We said on numerous occasions and I reiterate that we are confident   And know for sure that opinion polls in the Unites States show that very many people are   friendly towards the Russian Federation and I d like to tell these people that we perceive and regard the United States as a great power with which we want to establish good partnership relations. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday in an interview with CBS News,  We all knew Russia was trying to meddle with our election. And we already know right now they re trying to do it with other countries. Ryan continued:  The world s super power, the American government needs to do everything we possibly can, not only to undercut what they re trying to do but to uncover what they re trying to do and help our allies prevent it from happening.  Putin also said Thursday he is ready to meet with Trump if Finland hosts an Arctic summit. Finland is set to take over the rotating leadership of the Arctic Council.For entire story: Daily Mail",0
10918,COMEY RESPONDS TO FIRING…What He Said Will Make Liberal Heads Explode,"Since the moment word got out about the firing of FBI Director James Comey, Democrats and their allies in the leftist media have been falling all over themselves to spew their hatred towards Trump and his unfair firing of James Comey. Even though for months, Democrats and the leftist media have been outraged at Comey for the reopening of the FBI investigation into Hillary s e-mails just prior to the election, all is forgiven now. It s time for the media and the Democrats to come together, regroup and focus on the real target President Trump.But now, FBI Director James Comey has made a statement about the firing, and it s not exactly what the media was hoping for. Comey took the high road when he sent a letter on Wednesday to agents and friends regarding President Trump s firing of him the day before. I have long believed that a President can fire an FBI director for any reason, or for no reason at all,  he wrote, according to CNN.  I m not going to spend time on the decision or the way it was executed,  Comey added. I hope you won t either. It is done, and I will be fine, although I will miss you and the mission deeply.  -The HillWatch MSNBC s  Morning Joe  hacks Mika Brzezinski and fake conservative Joe Scarborough attempt to trash Trump s reasoning for firing Comey. Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders had the perfect response: If Hillary Clinton had won, she would have immediately fired James Comey :Watch Senator Chuck Schumer defend FBI Director James Comey after crying about his mishandling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation him for months:",0
10919,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT s Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.",0
10920,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"At the recommendation of both Attorney General Jeff Sessions and from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey yesterday. In his letter to Comet, President Trump stated that he believed FBI Director James Comey was  not able to effectively lead the Bureau.  Deputy Attorney General Rod J.Rosenstein blamed Comey s handling of the Hillary Clinton email case. Attorney General Sessions agreed with Rosenstein saying  a fresh start is needed at the leadership of the FBI. In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT sCoincidence?President Bill Clinton fired FBI Director William S. Sessions on July  19, 1993Vince Foster was found dead on July 20, 1993Was the suspicious death of Vince Foster and the firing of Republican FBI Director William S. Sessions firing a coincidence? Did President Clinton need an FBI Director who was willing to look the other way when it came to the alleged criminal activities of the Clintons?From NewsMax December 4, 2003 via Free Republic. Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.The FBI never officially investigated the case but simply signed off on the Park Police  probe.  The bureau had little choice. The day before Foster s death, Bill Clinton hurriedly fired the director of the FBI, William Sessions. Sessions later charged that Clinton had  politicized  the bureau.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Louis Freeh coincidentally hired James Comey for his first job.Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.But enough about the crimes of the Clinton s and the hypocrisy of the media who would have chosen to ignore the suspicious timing of President Clinton s firing of his FBI Director William S. Sessions. We should all just ignore the unmitigated mess James Comey made of Hillary s email scandal that put our national security at risk while he was serving as the director of the FBI, and instead, focus on a way to blame Comey s incompetence on President Trump.",0
10921,CONDOLEEZZA RICE BRILLIANTLY Shuts Down “The View” Dingbats Over Trump-Russia Collusion [VIDEO],"On more than one occasion, Condoleezza Rice was able correct the record by pointing out the hypocrisy of these ladies in such a way that they didn t even know it. It started with Trump-hater and ABC senior legal analyst Sunny Hostin asking about General Flynn s alleged discussions with Russia weeks before Trump s inauguration asking,  As someone who has had that position as national security advisor, would you have felt comfortable having those discussions, is that inappropriate?  Rice went on to explain how you will have conversations with foreigners, but the thing you shouldn t do is discuss policy. She then went on to say that,  There s only one president  and that as a matter of principle, you can talk to anybody in that period, but you should never suggest that you might be making changes in policy and maybe they should just wait until there s a change in administration. Was Rice referring to the time Obama was caught on a hot mic telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev,  This is my last election, after the election, I ll have more flexibility ?While explaining how we should be handling Vladimir Putin s potential meddling in our elections, Rice reminded the panel that when Hillary was Secretary of State she questioned the legitimacy of Putin s election in 2012 and now he s saying,  I m going to question the legitimacy of your election . Rice s answer wasn t quite what The View hacks had hoped for, and like a dog on a bone, The View host Sunny Hostin continued,  But Madame Secretary, if he [Putin] indeed did engage in these kinds of tactics in the election, then the very legitimacy of our election is at issue isn t it? Rice snapped back,  No. Rice then went on to say,  I trust the people who voted in Wisconsin and Texas and Alabama and California to have voted on the basis of who they thought was best gonna represent their interests. So I m not gonna question the legitimacy of their vote because Vladimir Putin tried to interfere in the elections. That s just a step that I m don t think we should take. Let s trust our fellow citizens to have been smart enough to vote for the people they ought to be voting for.  ZING! WATCH:And for the final blow, fake conservative host Jedidiah Bilah  (who, let s face it, is really just collecting a paycheck because she s a token  conservative  who s too weak to stand up for anything) has the opportunity to defend conservatism in some way with one of the most brilliant female conservatives sitting on their panel and she used the opportunity to trash President Trump over his handling of N. Korea. ",0
10922,DEMOCRAT MAXINE WATERS GOES OFF THE RAILS: Smears Trump…Calls Jeff Sessions A Throwback To The Days Of Jim Crow [Video],"This Congresswoman has a potty mouth and a bitter attitude towards whites. She s a hateful racist who is paranoid that everyone is out to get her. She just tossed baseless accusations at the Trump administration in an appearance on The Washington Post podcast  Cape Up with Jonathan Capehart.  (See our previous report on the interview below.)Here are the lowlights:Waters accused President Trump of colluding with Russia during the 2016 election, without offering evidence.  I believe this President has colluded with the Russians, with the Kremlin, with the oligarchs, perhaps, of Russia to undermine our election systems,  Waters told Capehart. (4:00) The California congresswoman also criticized the Senate investigation into Trump-Russia ties as not credible.  They re not moving fast enough!  she exclaimed. However, she praised the media for their investigations into Trump-Russia ties. (4:35) Waters described Attorney General Jeff Sessions as a  throwback to the days of Jim Crow,  equating Sessions with the era of segregation.  I think [Sessions] is a racist and I think he absolutely believes it s his job to keep minorities in their place.  She added that Sessions would like to go back to the days of segregation. (9:30   12:00)As evidence of Sessions  racism, Waters cited an instance where girls in traditional southern dresses greeted Trump and Sessions during the transition period. Waters  implication was that Sessions and Trump enjoyed the clothing because it reminded them of slavery. The group,  The Azalea Trail Maids,  wears colorful traditional dresses to events. (13:50)Capehart finally pushed her to find out if the U.S. government has seen evidence of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.  No, we have not,  Waters said. That means Waters has repeatedly called for Trump s impeachment without yet seeing any evidence of wrongdoing. (20:00)Our previous report on Maxine Waters said the Russia investigation has nothing on Trump:There is probably no one in Congress more openly opposed to President Donald Trump than Maxine Waters. We have already seen that she has called for Trump s impeachment. Therefore when even Waters states there is not yet any evidence at this time of Trump-Russia collusion, that is certainly significant. That is why it is astonishing that Washington Post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart left that significant admission made during his own podcast off his May 9 column about it.First let us listen to the segment of Capehart s podcast in which Waters made her surprising admission:How convenient for the left-leaning publication to leave out a direct statement by Maxine Waters. By the way, the title of the article is a rip roaring race baiting title:Maxine Waters: Jeff Sessions believes  it s his job to keep minorities in their place Who does this in 2017? Jeff Sessions is such a good man who DOES NOT deserve such a nasty comment from Congresswoman Waters. Shame on her and shame on Capehart for making this comment the title!JONATHAN CAPEHART: I ve got to ask you, because you leveled a whole lot of accusations out there about collusions and hacking and all of that. Have you seen anything, either through the intelligence briefings, anything to back up any of the accusations that you ve made?MAXINE WATERS: First of all, don t forget that all of our intelligence agencies say, yes, they have the documentation that they did the hacking on the DNC and on some of us.CAPEHART: But the collusion, though?WATERS: No, we have not. That s why investigations are so important, to drill down and to connect those dots and to get the facts. What we have is a lot of smoke that causes us to want to know more about what has happened. Why is it there are so many people around him are connected to oil? Why is it that Michael Flynn, who evidently has a great relationship with Putin, who has received payments for so-called speeches and who s spent a lot of time in Russia and was accused of talking about sanctions, he lied about it and he got caught?In his column writeup about his podcast interview with Maxine Waters, Capehart tossed that admission of no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion down the memory hole.Via: NTK",0
10923,TAKE OUR POLL: Who Do You Think President Trump Should Pick To Replace James Comey?, ,0
10924,MEDIA IGNORES Time That Bill Clinton FIRED His FBI Director On Day Before Vince Foster Was Found Dead,"In its 109-year history, only one F.B.I. director had been fired   until Tuesday, when President Trump fired James B. Comey. In July 1993, President Bill Clinton fired William S. Sessions, who had been nominated to the post by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. Mr. Clinton said his attorney general, Janet Reno, reviewed Mr. Sessions s leadership and concluded  in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Mr. Sessions had been cited for ethical lapses, including taking free trips on F.B.I. aircraft and using government money to build a $10,000 fence at his home. Mr. Sessions was asked to resign, and was fired when he refused to do so.  Despite the president s severe tone, he seemed to regret having to force Mr. Sessions from his post,  The New York Times wrote about his dismissal:WASHINGTON, July 19  President Clinton today dismissed William S. Sessions, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, who had stubbornly rejected an Administration ultimatum to resign six months after a harsh internal ethics report on his conduct.Mr. Clinton said he would announce his nominee to replace Mr. Sessions on Tuesday. He was expected to pick Judge Louis J. Freeh of Federal District Court in Manhattan; officials said Judge Freeh had impressed Mr. Clinton favorably on Friday at their first meeting.Mr. Clinton, explaining his reasons for removing Mr. Sessions, effective immediately, said,  We cannot have a leadership vacuum at an agency as important to the United States as the F.B.I. It is time that this difficult chapter in the agency s history is brought to a close.  Defiant to the EndBut in a parting news conference at F.B.I. headquarters after Mr. Clinton s announcement, a defiant Mr. Sessions   his right arm in a sling as a result of a weekend fall   railed at what he called the unfairness of his removal, which comes nearly six years into his 10-year term. Because of the scurrilous attacks on me and my wife of 42 years, it has been decided by others that I can no longer be as forceful as I need to be in leading the F.B.I. and carrying out my responsibilities to the bureau and the nation,  he said.  It is because I believe in the principle of an independent F.B.I. that I have refused to voluntarily resign. Mr. Clinton said that after reviewing Mr. Sessions s performance, Attorney General Janet Reno had advised him that Mr. Sessions should go.  After a thorough review by the Attorney General of Mr. Sessions s leadership of the F.B.I., she has reported to me in no uncertain terms that he can no longer effectively lead the bureau. Similarly, Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey on the recommendation of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions. (No relation to William S. Sessions.) There are no United States statutes that discuss the president s authority to remove the F.B.I. director.   NYT s Vince Foster: What the Media Won t Tell You Major media outlets reported Wednesday on the Supreme Court hearing of California lawyer Allan Favish s case that government photographs of Vincent Foster s death scene be released for public viewing. The media report that no fewer than five investigations have found that Foster committed suicide because he was depressed. But despite 10 years of denial by the major media, the Foster case has not  closed    as the Supreme Court hearing Wednesday demonstrated. The case won t close because of the failure of authorities to make full disclosure   and to conduct a full investigation into the case, including a complete autopsy.Vince Foster was not only deputy White House counsel but also the personal attorney to Bill and Hillary Clinton.On the night of Foster s death, top Clinton aides made a frantic effort to enter and remove documents from his West Wing office. In the days that followed, federal investigators were stymied in their investigation of Foster s office and strange death.Since Foster s July 1993 death, the facts of his death have been obfuscated by friends of Bill and Hillary in the major media, but here s the undeniable truth:There weren t  five  investigations into Foster s death, as the media report. The Park Police, best known for their meter and horse patrols around Washington, were put in charge of the initial death inquiry of the most important federal official to die suspiciously since President Kennedy. The Park Police, contradicting standard procedure, declared the death a suicide before launching their inquiry.Later, Robert Fiske, selected by Clinton s counsel Bernie Nussbaum and Janet Reno, quickly confirmed the Park Police probe as a suicide.But when Ken Starr entered the investigation, he reopened the case. His chief prosecutor in the case, Miquel Rodriguez, later quit the Starr investigation, claiming that Starr s staff was engaging in a cover-up of Foster s death.Rodriguez, a Harvard-educated federal prosecutor, argued that one of the Polaroid photos taken of Foster at the crime scene indicated an additional wound on Foster s neck   never noted on the autopsy report. Favish s suit before the Supreme Court is seeking to release this photo, among others.No fewer than three of the paramedics on the scene indicated in reports or testimony that the crime scene was consistent with a murder scene, not a suicide.A careful FBI microscopic investigation of Foster s shoes found not a trace of soil or grass stains on them, though he supposedly walked several hundred yards through wooded Fort Marcy Park to where his body was found. [Years later, Starr s investigation found plenty of soil and grass stains. Rodriguez charged that the shoes were tampered with to produce such  evidence. ]According to the FBI report on Vince Foster s death (below) blonde hairs were found on the body of Vince Foster, but were never investigated:Foster was found with little blood around his body   and despite claims that he fired the gun into his mouth, practically no blood was found on the front of his shirt.Foster was found with a 1913 revolver no one in his family could claim, with two serial numbers, made from the parts of three or more guns. None of Foster s fingerprints were found on the gun.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to requests made by a man names Craig Brinkley:Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?The bullet from the gun that supposedly killed Foster was never found, despite intensive searches.Despite claims to the contrary, no one who knew Foster, including Hillary, Web Hubbell and his own wife, saw signs of depression.A so-called suicide note was found in an office briefcase that had been searched and found to be empty after Foster s death. The note was torn into 27 pieces. Yet an FBI examination found no trace of Foster s fingerprints on the note and a top Oxford handwriting expert found the note to be an  obvious  forgery.Despite the enormity of the case, Foster s autopsy lasted an astounding 45 minutes. The coroner in the case had previously been overruled in other cases he declared  suicides  that were later found to be murders.All of the X-rays taken during the autopsy are missing.Complete crime scene photos don t exist. The Park Police said all the photos were  accidentally  overexposed. A series of close-up Polaroids, which Favish is suing for, remain. This is just a brief summary of the dozens of inconsistencies in the case. Two New York homicide investigators who looked into the case concluded that Foster s body had been moved to the crime scene and that murder could not be ruled out.Despite overwhelming evidence of a cover-up, the media won t question the official ruling.Ken Starr, who could find no criminal wrongdoing on the part of the Clintons during his  intensive  probe, confirmed a ruling of suicide. Starr even hired O.J. Simpson s defense expert to prove his case.On August 23, 2016, The Daily Mail revealed that FBI agents  reported interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered the suicide of Vince Foster were missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death. On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office    the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email.After firing Republican FBI Director William S. Session, President Bill Clinton temporarily replaced him with Floyd I. Clarke and then on September 1, 1993 he Louis Freeh became the FBI Director. Right from the start, the Freeh FBI was drenched in controversy. The  screw-ups  were legion from the exposure of fraudulent FBI crime lab results to the wrongful blaming of an innocent man for the bombings at the Atlanta Olympics to the bloody standoff and shootout at Ruby Ridge.  ",0
10925,BUSTED! WASHINGTON POST Skips Maxine Waters’ Admission Of No Guilt Found In Trump/Russia Collusion [Podcast],"There are 20 Democrats who at certain times have called for Comey to be fired but all you hear this morning is that the firing was done by Trump to stop the Russia investigation. The hypocrisy is HUGE!These people are desperately trying to keep this ball moving down the field. The problem is that there is no  there  there in the Trump/Russia investigation.Even Maxine Waters said the Russia investigation has nothing on Trump:There is probably no one in Congress more openly opposed to President Donald Trump than Maxine Waters. We have already seen that she has called for Trump s impeachment. Therefore when even Waters states there is not yet any evidence at this time of Trump-Russia collusion, that is certainly significant. That is why it is astonishing that Washington Post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart left that significant admission made during his own podcast off his May 9 column about it.First let us listen to the segment of Capehart s podcast in which Waters made her surprising admission:How convenient for the left-leaning publication to leave out a direct statement by Maxine Waters. By the way, the title of the article is a rip roaring race baiting title:Maxine Waters: Jeff Sessions believes  it s his job to keep minorities in their place Who does this in 2017? Jeff Sessions is such a good man who DOES NOT deserve such a nasty comment from Congresswoman Waters. Shame on her and shame on Capehart for making this comment the title!JONATHAN CAPEHART: I ve got to ask you, because you leveled a whole lot of accusations out there about collusions and hacking and all of that. Have you seen anything, either through the intelligence briefings, anything to back up any of the accusations that you ve made?MAXINE WATERS: First of all, don t forget that all of our intelligence agencies say, yes, they have the documentation that they did the hacking on the DNC and on some of us.CAPEHART: But the collusion, though?WATERS: No, we have not. That s why investigations are so important, to drill down and to connect those dots and to get the facts. What we have is a lot of smoke that causes us to want to know more about what has happened. Why is it there are so many people around him are connected to oil? Why is it that Michael Flynn, who evidently has a great relationship with Putin, who has received payments for so-called speeches and who s spent a lot of time in Russia and was accused of talking about sanctions, he lied about it and he got caught?In his column writeup about his podcast interview with Maxine Waters, Capehart tossed that admission of no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion down the memory hole.",0
10926,BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Schools CNN’s Anderson Cooper On The Comey Firing [Video],"Kellyanne Conway went at it with Anderson Cooper and came out on top when she basically schooled Cooper on the chain of command in government. The facts make no sense to him because he s in denial. Conway said Trump s decision to fire James Comey had nothing to do with the FBI s investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election. She goes on to explain to Cooper that the letter recommending that Comey be fired was sent to President Trump. Was Trump supposed to then deny the Assistant Attorney General s decision? It s good to note that the Assistant AG was just confirmed by over 90% of the Senate. He s a bipartisan choice and a well respected man who came into his position under AG Jeff Sessions just two weeks ago. The letter sent to Trump summarized the numerous things that prove the case for the recommendation of firing Comey. TRUMP DID NOT DO THIS ALONE But you have the fake news media beating the RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA drums over and over.Watch how Kellyanne Conway runs circles around Anderson Cooper while Cooper just keeps coming back to the Russia scenario: It s not a cover up. The president makes it very clear in his letter. Comey assured him he s not under investigation. I think you re looking at wrong set of facts here. You re going back to the campaign. This man is president of the United States. He acted decisively today. You want this to be about Russia when this is about restoring public confidence in the FBI The FBI director reports to deputy attorney general, the deputy attorney general reports to the attorney general and the attorney general reports to the president of the United States. This has nothing to do with Russia. It has everything to do with whether the current FBI director has the president s confidence and can faithfully and capably execute his duties. ",0
10927,TUCKER ON COMEY’S FIRING: “Dictatorship by the unelected…that’s the REAL danger” [Video],TUCKER CARLSON Spoke out tonight on the firing of Comey He listed different times that Comey was inept or undermined the president. Clip after clip showed Comey s inability to keep politics out of the FBI Note the investigation into Hillary Clinton.Carlson says the firing was  long overdue  and that no one should have that much power .,0
10928,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR: “Jim Comey ‘Danced With The Devil’…I’m Glad He’s Gone” [VIDEO]," He threw the reputation of the FBI under the bus Former FBI agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that James Comey was fired by President Trump today.In fact, some of them are quite satisfied.Fox News had several former FBI assistant directors on their broadcast Tuesday night to discuss former FBI Director James Comey s firing, and they all said his recent behavior made this move rather predictable.James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerFOX News  Sean Hannity chimed in on the firing of FBI Director James Comey calling him a  national embarrassment :",0
10929,LOU DOBBS: SEAN SPICER On Trump Firing Comey [Video],White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer appeared on Lou Dobbs tonight to give the first set of explanatory points around the President s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey:,0
10930,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR: “Jim Comey ‘Danced With The Devil’…I’m Glad He’s Gone” [VIDEO]," He threw the reputation of the FBI under the bus Former FBI agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that James Comey was fired by President Trump today.In fact, some of them are quite satisfied.Fox News had several former FBI assistant directors on their broadcast Tuesday night to discuss former FBI Director James Comey s firing, and they all said his recent behavior made this move rather predictable.James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerWatch here:FOX News  Sean Hannity chimed in on the firing of FBI Director James Comey calling him a  national embarrassment :",0
10931,THE MOMENT FBI Director James Comey Lost All Credibility [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton was dogged throughout her campaign by her decision to set up a private email server in the basement of her suburban New York home to handle communications as secretary of state. Comey said in July that agents found 110 classified emails containing emails that were classified at the time they were sent or received. That included eight marked  top secret. Although Comey labeled Clinton s behavior  extremely careless,  he added that it did not warrant prosecution.We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial e-mail accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account. We also assess that Secretary Clinton s use of a personal e-mail domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent. She also used her personal e-mail extensively while outside the United States, including sending and receiving work-related e-mails in the territory of sophisticated adversaries. Given that combination of factors, we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton s personal e-mail account.  James Comey on Hillary s server  Lifezette And here is the hilarious version of Comey Vs. Clinton. Enjoy! All kidding aside Even if we assume Comey didn t botch the Clinton email investigation   which is quite an assumption to make, especially considering how outraged so many investigators in the FBI were in the weeks and months following Comey s announcement   why did the FBI director continue to comment on ongoing investigations? Why did he continue to feed red meat to wolves on both sides of the aisle in Congress?The FBI, regardless of Comey s intentions, has now become a blunt political tool that s being wielded by some of the most dishonest, power-hungry people in the country: politicians. That s not only foolish and reckless, it s dangerous to liberty and undermines the credibility of a group of people that must appear credible in the minds of the people for justice to be served and for liberty to endure.The American people deserve better from their FBI director, and if Comey proves to be incapable of exercising greater prudence, perhaps it s time for someone more careful and considerate to take the helm at one of the world s most powerful government agencies. -The Blaze",0
10932,LIST OF COMEY’S 10 BIGGEST SCREW UPS As FBI Director…Why His Firing Was Long Overdue,"Comey will inevitably be remembered for the controversial role he played in the 2016 presidential election, where his agency conducted surveillance of the Trump campaign as well as investigated the Clinton camp for mishandling classified materials, giving both sides arguments for how the FBI ultimately swayed the vote.But even before the 2016 campaign, the FBI endured a number of humiliations under Comey s tenure. Most damning were revelations that the FBI was generally aware of almost every terrorist who successfully struck America over the last eight years.1. Before he bombed the Boston Marathon, the FBI interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev but let him go. Russia sent the Obama Administration a second warning, but the FBI opted against investigating him again.2. Shortly after the NSA scandal exploded in 2013, the FBI was exposed conducting its own data mining on innocent Americans; the agency, Bloomberg reported, retains that material for decades (even if no wrongdoing is found).3. The FBI had possession of emails sent by Nidal Hasan saying he wanted to kill his fellow soldiers to protect the Taliban   but didn t intervene, leading many critics to argue the tragedy that resulted in the death of 31 Americans at Fort Hood could have been prevented.4. During the Obama Administration, the FBI claimed that two private jets were being used primarily for counterterrorism, when in fact they were mostly being used for Eric Holder and Robert Mueller s business and personal travel.5. When the FBI demanded Apple create a  backdoor  that would allow law enforcement agencies to unlock the cell phones of various suspects, the company refused, sparking a battle between the feds and America s biggest tech company. What makes this incident indicative of Comey s questionable management of the agency is that a) The FBI jumped the gun, as they were indeed ultimately able to crack the San Bernardino terrorist s phone, and b) Almost every other major national security figure sided with Apple (from former CIA Director General Petraeus to former CIA Director James Woolsey to former director of the NSA, General Michael Hayden), warning that such a  crack  would inevitably wind up in the wrong hands.6. In 2015, the FBI conducted a controversial raid on a Texas political meeting, finger printing, photographing, and seizing phones from attendees (some in the group believe in restoring Texas as an independent constitutional republic).7. During its investigation into Hillary Clinton s mishandling of classified material, the FBI made an unusual deal in which Clinton aides were both given immunity and allowed to destroy their laptops.8. The father of the radical Islamist who detonated a backpack bomb in New York City in 2016 alerted the FBI to his son s radicalization. The FBI, however, cleared Ahmad Khan Rahami after a brief interview.9. The FBI also investigated the terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded 53 more at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Despite a more than 10-month investigation of Omar Mateen   during which Mateen admitting lying to agents   the FBI opted against pressing further and closed its case.10. CBS recently reported that when two terrorists sought to kill Americans attending the  Draw Muhammad  event in Garland, Texas, the FBI not only had an understanding an attack was coming, but actually had an undercover agent traveling with the Islamists, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi. The FBI has refused to comment on why the agent on the scene did not intervene during the attack.Via: Grabien",0
10933,BREAKING: YOU’RE FIRED! FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY OUT!,"Wow! This is clearly something the White House prepared for because they had a packet of information available for the press to look over.Deputy AG Rosentein sent out an email with information regarding Comey s gaffes. Then this The White House released a statement confirming the dismissal of FBI Director James Comey:All we can say about this is   It s about time!Comey had 7 years left in his 10 year tenure at the FBI.AG jeff Sessions recommended this firing The White House announced Tuesday afternoon that FBI Director James Comey was fired. Today, President Donald J. Trump informed FBI Director James Comey that he has been terminated and removed from office,  White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement.  President Trump acted based on the clear recommendations of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. PRESIDENT TRUMP S LETTER: The search for a new director will begin immediately, Spicer added. The FBI is one of our nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,  Trump said in the statement.VIA: BUSINESS INSIDER",0
10934,TIFFANY & CO. TAKES BIG RISK…Sides AGAINST Trump On Very Controversial Issue,"Who knew? Tiffany & Co. just decided to show its hand when it comes to politics. We re not happy to tell you that the luxury retail jeweler just bought into the global warming scam hook, line and sinker The American jeweler is asking the president to keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement.The American jeweler took to social media to send a message to president Donald Trump. Dear President Trump,  read the Instagram and Twitter posts.  We re still in for bold climate action. Please keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement. The disaster of climate change is too real, and the threat to our planet and to our children is too great. The move comes on the same day that the president postponed his decision on whether or not to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement, reports CNN. The goal of the agreement is to create  a global action plan to put the world on track to avoid dangerous climate change by limiting global warming to well below 2 C,  according to European Commission s website.Trump intended on making an announcement before attending the Group of Seven nations summit in Sicily, Italy, on May 26-27, but now, he s going to make a decision after the G7, explained White House press secretary Sean Spicer.Trump has a long history with Tiffany & Co; he named his youngest daughter after the iconic jeweler and the brand s flagship store is connected to Trump Tower in New York. Following the election, sales at the flagship store tumbled 14 percent in November and December, compared with the same period last year. Tiffany & Co. even canceled its holiday window unveiling event due to post-election protests around the area.Read more: Hollywood ReporterWhat they re not telling you is this  agreement  is a HUGE redistribution of American tax dollars to other countries! So if we are to address the Climate crisis we need to challenge the structural causes of the crisis which lies on unequal distribution of wealth, of carbon, and of power. Whether it s political power, economic power, or even military power.  -Camille Risler For many years the public at large has been spoonfed the idea that Global Warming Climate Change, is caused by man s excessive release of carbon into the atmosphere. And that the solution to the Climate crisis was to decrease the production of said gas.Over the past several years the Global Warming fanatics have changed their tune. Many of us in the  new  media have been warning about their true motives for year.Now, instead of the climate crisis being caused by carbon emissions, it is being caused by inequality.On Monday, during a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris, Ms. Camille Risler, a representative of the Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development (APWLD) which is an organization listed as an official consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, stated that the cause of Climate Change is the unequal distribution of wealth, carbon, and power: This is the press conference of the Women and constituency. It is one of the nine official constituencies of the UNFCCC, and we are composed of 15 women s rights and feminist organizations from all around the world. So I m going to begin with kind of an overview of our positions and then I will give the floor over to my colleagues that will go more into details of each section of negotiations.I m Camille Risler. I m from France but I m living in Thailand. I m working for a feminist network that is called Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development and I m working for the Climate Justice Program.So what we want to highlight here is that Climate Change is a clear symptom of an unequal and unjust world. Via: GP ",0
10935,WATCH MSNBC Anchor Make Outrageous Claim About Her Pre-existing Condition For Obamacare [Video],"STEPHANIE RUHLE of MSNBC was on with a panel of liberals when she blurted out: I too have a pre-existing condition. I m a woman,  Ruhle said to a panel that seemed to agree with her.The left has been broadening and redefining what a pre-existing condition is but this is ridiculous!Ruhle said that president Trump will have a hands-off approach to healthcare now because he  got his win,  but another panelist couldn t let that comment go as he claimed five times that this was not a  win  for the president. No, he didn t get a win. He got something he could claim is a win. It is so far from being a win; it is disgusting what he does by having a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden making it seem like he has a win   but he s doesn t have a win. His win is not a reality. The anger and hate runs deep with this group https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=44&v=tWSH3JMVUaU SHE S BEEN IN HOT WATER BEFORE:OOPS! She had to apologize for saying FOX held their Christmas party at the Trump hotel.",0
10936,DEAR MR. PRESIDENT…When We Said “Lock Her Up” We Weren’t Asking [VIDEO],"When he was running for president, Donald Trump made locking up Hillary Clinton for her criminal behavior a centerpiece of his campaign. Just the mere mention of her name would send supporters at his massive rallies into a wild chant, as they screamed,  LOCK HER UP!  Trump s supporters weren t chanting to be cute. Trump supporters were chanting because after decades of evading the law, Americans were quite serious about expecting candidate Donald Trump to follow through on his campaign promise to hold her accountable, and make her pay for her crimes, just like any other American would be expected to do. When we told @realDonaldTrump to  LOCK HER UP!  we weren t asking Mr. President, please deliver on your promise. pic.twitter.com/A6lWKhv3Yu  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) May 9, 2017",0
10937,"TEACHER QUITS JOB After 5th, 6th Grade Muslim Students Threaten To Behead Her [VIDEO]","You re never to young to commit jihad Teachers at a primary school in Sydney, Australia have been threatened with beheading and other violence from young Islamic students, prompting one of them to quit her job.Students as young as those in Year 5, according to the Daily Telegraph, are making the violent threats and pressuring others to read the Koran at Punchbowl Public School in Sydney.Documents given to the newspaper allege that three staff members have taken a leave of absence owing to stress, received counselling and been awarded compensation after bullying from Islamic students.One female teacher reportedly quit her job after it got too much for her. She claims she quit after receiving death threats to her family from her year 5 and 6 students, with some saying they would behead her.The teacher also said she made numerous complaints back in 2014 about the extraordinary behavior in the class. For example, she said, she was abused by students after she stopped them from hanging a Syrian flag in the classroom.In another example, she claimed she was pushed into a corner by students who began marching around her chanting the Koran.The bullying wasn t restricted to teachers. The woman also reported an incident where children bullied other students by saying that someone had  betrayed his religion  by  not going to Muslim scripture . In another incident, she said a  group of boys had stood around a girl and called her horrible names like dog .  HeatstreetWATCH here:Meanwhile in Australia Teachers Quit Job After 5th & 6th grade Syrian MUSLIM Students Threaten to Behead them! #NationalTeachersDay pic.twitter.com/tIK9A4boJv  Amy Mek (@AmyMek) May 9, 2017Oakland County Undersheriff Michael McCabe said Brodie allegedly told an acquaintance Sept. 4 he was fearful Gorcyca would not rule in his favor in a custody battle with his his ex-wife, Kelsey Dyson.",0
10938,"BREAKING: WOMEN, MEN ARRESTED After MAJOR BRAWL BREAKS OUT At Florida Airport Over Spirit Airlines Cancelled Flights [VIDEO]","The moral decay of our nation continues full speed ahead. One has to wonder how many families with young children or frightened senior citizens had to endure this disgusting and embarrassing behavior by these young, disrespectful and out-of-control passengers over the cancellation of 9 flights?Call it  Flight Club. Fisticuffs involving irate passengers broke out at a Florida airport Monday night following the cancellation of multiple Spirit Airlines flights.Authorities said several people were taken into custody at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport after nine flights were canceled, leading to long lines and bubbling tempers, WSVN reported.Here is the FOX News video of the  major brawl :Videos posted online show a chaotic scene at the Spirit Airlines terminal as fights broke out. Broward Sheriff s Office deputies were seen attempting to restore order.Paul Smith, a passenger at the airport, told WSVN that tensions escalated quickly. All of a sudden, one particular flight got canceled, and a mob ensued up here at the front counter, in front of everyone else who had been waiting in line,  he said. At that point, the ticket agents couldn t handle what was going on, so they called in for the police,  added another passenger.Jose L. Rodriguez captured footage of the incident for Twitter, saying some of the passengers were upset because they were bound for a graduation ceremony, which they would miss due to the canceled flight.A representative for the Broward County Sheriff s Office confirmed to WPEC-TVthat at least three people had been arrested, and one other person detained.  FOX NewsHere is the LA Times version:",0
10939,‘Who Appointed You to the Supreme Court?’: Senator DESTROYS Yates For Defying Trump Travel Ban [Video],"Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order She made huge mistake by assuming what Trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court IT CAN T!In a hearing centered on Russian interference in the election, one senator took the opportunity to question the former attorney general who was fired for refusing to defend President Trump s travel ban.Senator John Kennedy (R-Louisiana) asked former acting Attorney General Sally Yates why she refused to defend Trump s initial executive order barring travel from several Mideast nations. I believed any argument [the Justice Department] would have to make in its defense would not be grounded in the truth,  Yates said. We would have to argue that it had nothing to do with religion,  she said.Kennedy asked whether there was no reasonable argument that could be made to defend the order any other way.Yates said she believed the intent of the order was to discriminate against Muslims trying to come to the United States.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGqsrx0LpTcHere s what former US Attorney Joe DiGenova said about Sally Yates:  This is a person of the extreme Left who should not have been anywhere near the decision-making process for this president. Yates was fired and should have been!",0
10940,ISLAMIC JUSTICE: Britain Is Stunned When They Discover How Many Secret Sharia Courts Are Operating In UK,"Like dominoes, the Hijra keeps marching across Europe, destroying the distinct cultures of one country after another. Sweden and the UK are in big trouble France is next and thanks to bleeding heart liberal Democrats in America, the U.S. isn t be far behind At least 85 Islamic sharia courts are operating in Britain, a study claimed yesterday.The astonishing figure is 17 times higher than previously accepted.The tribunals, working mainly from mosques, settle financial and family disputes according to religious principles. They lay down judgments which can be given full legal status if approved in national law courts.However, they operate behind doors that are closed to independent observers and their decisions are likely to be unfair to women and backed by intimidation, a report by independent think-tank Civitas said.Commentators on the influence of sharia law often count only the five courts in London, Manchester, Bradford, Birmingham and Nuneaton that are run by the Muslim Arbitration Tribunal, a body whose rulings are enforced through the state courts under the 1996 Arbitration Act.But the study by academic and Islamic specialist Denis MacEoin estimates there are at least 85 working tribunals.The spread of sharia law has become increasingly controversial since its role was backed last year by Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams and Lord Phillips, the Lord Chief Justice who stepped down last October.Dr Williams said a recognised role for sharia law seemed  unavoidable  and Lord Phillips said there was no reason why decisions made on sharia principles should not be recognised by the national courts.But the Civitas report said the principles on which sharia courts work are indicated by the fatwas   religious decrees   set out on websites run by British mosques.Mr MacEoin said:  Among the rulings we find some that advise illegal actions and others that transgress human rights standards as applied by British courts. Examples set out in his study include a ruling that no Muslim woman may marry a non-Muslim man unless he converts to Islam and that any children of a woman who does should be taken from her until she marries a Muslim.Further rulings, according to the report, approve polygamous marriage and enforce a woman s duty to have sex with her husband on his demand.The report added:  The fact that so many sharia rulings in Britain relate to cases concerning divorce and custody of children is of particular concern, as women are not equal in sharia law, and sharia contains no specific commitment to the best interests of the child that is fundamental to family law in the UK. Under sharia, a male child belongs to the father after the age of seven, regardless of circumstances. It said:  Sharia courts operating in Britain may be handing down rulings that are inappropriate to this country because they are linked to elements in Islamic law that are seriously out of step with trends in Western legislation. WATCH Muslims demand Shari Law in Britain:The Civitas study said the Islamic courts should no longer be recognised under British law.Its director Dr David Green said:  The reality is that for many Muslims, sharia courts are in practice part of an institutionalised atmosphere of intimidation, backed by the ultimate sanction of a death threat. Philip Davies, Tory MP for Shipley, said:  Everyone should be deeply concerned about the extent of these courts. They do entrench division in society, and do nothing to entrench integration or community cohesion. It leads to a segregated society. There should be one law, and that should be British law. We can t have a situation where people can choose which system of law they follow and which they do not. We can t have a situation where people choose the system of law which they feel gives them the best outcome. Everyone should equal under one law. For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
10941,Son Of Egyptian Immigrants Hopes To Become FIRST MUSLIM GOVERNOR In U.S…Will Push For “Sanctuary State”,"Dr. Abdul El-Sayed, a liberal Democrat would like to become the nation s first Muslim Governor in a state that s home to the city of Dearborn, with the highest Muslim population outside of the Middle East. The state of Michigan also made news last year when Hamtramck, a city that for decades was known for it s strong Polish immigrant community, elected its first all-Muslim City Council. It s probably not that far-fetched that the son of Egyptian immigrants living in a state where tens of thousands of Muslim refugees and immigrants come to live would want to see the state of MI become a  Sanctuary State . My faith is really important to me, as it is for many Americans and Michiganders,  El-Sayed said.  But I think we should be asking ourselves rather than how one prays, or what they pray to, we should ask ourselves what [one] prays for and what one hopes for. While El-Sayed said his Islamic values are at the center of his work as a civil servant, he wants people to know his number one priority is to serve the people of Michigan.But some residents in the state may not be ready to see a Muslim governor. In the last several years, Michigan has been a hotbed of Islamophobia. Dearborn, a predominantly Arab-American city in the Detroit metro area, has been a frequent target of anti-Muslim activists, conspiracy theories and fake news. But El-Sayed doesn t want Michigan residents to be distracted by anti-Muslim rhetoric and violence   and he wants people to know that the principles of Islam are what guide his service. I am running because of the values my Islam teaches me   which includes beliefs in equity, the fundamental rights of all people, a belief that we will judge ourselves as a people based on how we treat the most vulnerable,  El-Sayed said.  A belief in being good to others fundamentally, a belief in respect and dignity to one s neighbors and one s friends and one s family. -Business InsiderDemocratic gubernatorial candidate Abdul El-Sayed is starting to propose a progressive platform that includes making Michigan a  sanctuary state,  providing universal preschool and offering publicly funded health insurance to any resident needing coverage.The ex-director of Detroit s health department unveiled parts of his platform Monday.I love it when the rule of law works #sanctuarycities https://t.co/3X4kJBu4WZ  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 26, 2017El-Sayed claims that a Sanctuary State will make Michiganders safer. As a Michigander, I can assure you that making our state a  Sanctuary State  will not only make it less safe, but it will cause many people to move away to states who have laws against law-breakers.(3/3) if elected #gov my job is protecting #Michiganders, that's what #SanctuaryState will do. Learn more: https://t.co/r56mhirYRB  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 24, 2017The  sanctuary  term has no legal definition and varies in application, but it generally refers to local jurisdictions that do not cooperate with U.S. immigration officials.   US NewsEl-Sayed also made his feelings known on Twitter about a MI lawmaker, Rep. Michele Hoitenga, R-Manton,MI who wants to make Sharia Law illegal in that state of Michigan. El-Sayed attempts to make the comparison of the 10 commandments and the Holy Bible to Sharia Law. What El-Sayed seems to be willfully ignoring, is the fact that the United States is a Judeo-Christian nation.Nice try I oppose banning the #TenCommandments and #Bible   both came from the #MiddleEast. #religiousfreedom https://t.co/j7unpQSkiM  Abdul El-Sayed (@AbdulElSayed) April 20, 2017",0
10942,MARTHA STEWART Makes Lewd Gesture Towards Trump Portrait At Art Fair…Boycott!,"Martha, Martha, Martha You re 75-years old! Time to lay off of the nasty gestures We feel a Martha Stewart boycott coming on Flipping off our President is a low move on her part. Not cute and not funny!Martha Stewart appeared to be giving a portrait of President Donald Trump the middle finger in New York City Saturday night.The 75-year-old home entrepreneur and business mogul was spotted at the Frieze Art Fair at Randall s Island Park standing between a portrait of her pal rapper Snoop Dogg and Trump doing the shocking gesture, according to E! News.In the shot, Stewart was giving a V sign to the rapper while it looked like she was flipping the bird to Trump.Stewart shared a photo on Instagram Saturday with her 115,000 followers that just showed her giving a V sign to both portraits (See photo below). In the caption next to the snap she wrote,  A propos this week Taping twenty more episodes with @snoopdogg for @vh1 Watch the awards Sunday night !!! We are presenting! Photo @seenbysharkey I am at @frieze the giant art fair on Randall s Island NYC. Read more: The Smokeroom",0
10943,BLACK HARVARD STUDENTS Host Separate Segregated Graduation Ceremony,"According to the Journal of Blacks in Higher Education, this year marks Harvard s highest percentage of accepted black students to date. Almost 12 percent of the total applicants who were offered admission next fall are black. Based off Harvard s average student yield of 70 percent, the journal predicts that approximately 170 black students will join the class of 2018. It goes on to stress the fact that American colleges most known for their selectiveness tend to average only 5 to 10 percent black students. -HPBlack students at Harvard University will be hosting their own, separate black-only graduation ceremony.The Root reports more than 125 Harvard graduate students have registered to participate in the separate black graduation ceremony scheduled for May 23.According to The Root, the point of the event is to  acknowledge the struggles and resilience that black students have had to possess in order to thrive in higher education, an environment where minorities are typically underrepresented. Courtney Woods, who is graduating with a master s degree in education policy and management, claimed the event is a way to reclaim Harvard s alleged history  of slavery, epistemic racism and colonization. Woods told The Root,  Harvard s institutional foundation is in direct conflict with the needs of black students. There is a legacy of slavery, epistemic racism and colonization at Harvard, which was an institution founded to train rising imperialist leaders,  she said. This is a history that we are reclaiming. Woods added,  It speaks volumes that there has never been a black graduation ceremony until now.  For entire story: MRCtvHere s another example of self-imposed black segregation at Harvard University. By alienating themselves from the white students and suggesting they  kill themselves  there will never be a chance for black and white students to overcome racism at Harvard. In case you missed it, in March, 2015, we published a story about students at Harvard University who held a debate where black Harvard students argued that white people  should kill themselves  for having  white privilege . ",0
10944,"Former DHS Official Mohamed Elibiary On ISIS Slaughtering Christians: ‘What Goes Around, Comes Around’","Former DHS Official Elibiary is a big supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood and was let go from his Homeland Sec post after allegations that he improperly used classified documents. He had also made statements about the eventual return of a Muslim caliphate.Remember this picture warning us all about the Muslim Brotherhood:A former Obama administration official at the Department of Homeland Security said Sunday that when it comes to the Islamic State slaughtering Egyptian Christians,  what goes around, comes around. In a tweet posted Sunday, Mohamed Elibiary, who formerly served as senior member of the DHS  Homeland Security Advisory Council, stated,  Reading ISIS s latest mag  otherizing  Egypt s Copts. Subhanallah how what goes around comes around. Coptic ldrs did same to MB Egyptians. Subhanallah  is Arabic for  Glory to Allah,  and so in this tweet, Elibiary is expressing praise to Allah for the fact that ISIS is killing Egyptian Christians as apparent retribution for Coptic leaders doing the same to members of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.In early May, ISIS published issue 9 of its magazine  Rumiyah,  which is the publication Elibiary is referencing in his tweet.The first article in the new issue is titled  The Ruling on the Belligerent Christians,  and explicitly praises the recent ISIS terror attacks against Coptic Christians in Egypt, also calling for more deadly attacks against Christians and their property. Elibiary referred to this call and other contents in the article as  otherizing  in his tweet. From among these blessed deeds were the successive attacks which the soldiers of the Islamic State in Misr1 and Sinai carried out against the Christians in those lands, targeting them with killings and assassinations, and afflicting their churches with burning and explosions,  the article in Rumiyah states.  Thus, they brought upon them tremendous detriment and deepened their wounds. The last of the blessed attacks against them were the simultaneous explosions at two of their largest churches, one in northern Misr and the other in southern Misr, in the cities of Alexandria and Tanta on their holiday on the 12th of the month of Rajab in the year 1438. Via: Daily Caller",0
10945,WATCH PRESIDENT TRUMP’S MOST SAVAGE MOMENTS….Plus Our Favorite! [Video],Here s a compilation of President Trump s most savage moments and we mean that in the best possible way! We love his honestly and his ability to fearlessly take anyone down. Wolf Blitzer has been a target many times but we have just one we really like that we posted below these videos:Enjoy!BEST COMEBACKS:WOLF BLITZER GETS THE SAVAGE TREATMENT ,0
10946,LOL! ARROGANT OBAMA BEGS Congress To Save Embarrassing Legacy…Do NOT Repeal Obamacare [VIDEO],"Barack Obama implored members of Congress to have the  courage  not to repeal the Affordable Care Act Sunday night.The former president made his first public remarks about the proposed health care legislation just days after House Republicans voted to pass the measure 217 to 213. If it passes the Senate, it would repeal and replace major parts of Obamacare.During his speech, Obama also lauded the Democratic members of Congress who voted in favor of the Affordable Cart Act in 2010 and then lost their seats because of it. These men and women did the right thing, the hard thing, and theirs was a profile in courage, and because of that vote, 20 million people got health insurance that didn t have it before.   Daily Caller",0
10947,THE MOST UNCOURAGEOUS PRESIDENT EVER Receives A Courage Award…Proceeds To Whine About Current President,"There has never been a more UNCOURAGEOUS person in the White House than Barack Obama. He never faced a decision on foreign affairs without backing down. Yes, he s the one who gave Iran the opportunity to have nuclear capability. Remember the red line with Syria?When his horrible policies didn t work out, he never took the blame but pointed at anyone and everyone for his idiotic decisions. Who could forget the Stimulus, the boondoggle of Solendra and Obamacare He never took responsibility for his failures like a COURAGEOUS man would.So what did he do when he received the Profile in Courage Award? He begged Congress to keep Obamacare and trashed our current President .Courage? Meh!We couldn t have voiced our outrage better than Katie Pavlich: This frickin  guy Former President Barack Obama returned to the spotlight Sunday to accept an award for political courage from the John F. Kennedy family, days after House Republicans won passage of a bill dismantling much of his signature health care law.The Democrat has made few public appearances since leaving office in January, and has avoided mention of his Republican successor in the White House, even as President Donald Trump has criticized the previous administration numerous times while moving to undo many of Obama s initiatives.Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama arrived at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum for a dinner and ceremony to accept the annual Profile in Courage award, named for a 1957 Pulitzer Prize-winning book by Kennedy that profiled eight U.S. senators who risked their careers by taking principled though unpopular positions.Among the long line of guests who made their way down the red carpet into the library for the event Sunday night were members of the Kennedy family, members of Congress, former Obama staffers and celebrities including former late-night talk show host David Letterman.David Letterman? Who s that?Read more: NYP ",0
10948,BREAKING REPORT: ANTIFA THUGS PLACE BOUNTY On Head Of Black Patriot Defending Confederate Monuments [VIDEO],"The next time you hear someone talk about how it s a shame our country is so divided, make sure you tell them to thank a Democrat. We got a glimpse of the underbelly of the Democrat Party during the presidential election when the founder of Project Veritas James O Keefe went undercover to expose the Democrats plan to create chaos and violence and blame it on Trump supporters. The man in the video, Robert Creamer who bragged about his organizing skills had visited Obama s White House over 340 times. He is also the husband of a Democrat Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky of IL. Once the real riots got rolling in NYC and Chicago, and Antifa was gaining steam in Berkeley, CA, it was discovered that billionaire radical Democrat George Soros was actually paying to keep the riots going. So it really shouldn t come as any surprise that these basement dwellers have put a bounty on a black man s head simply for having a different political opinion than that of the one he was told he must follow Andrew Duncomb, aka  Black Rebel  has been an outspoken advocate of southern history, and specifically of the Confederate flag and Confederate monuments. We published an article about two great black patriots, the  Black Rebel  and Arlene Dunham, who have bravely stood in the face of hate and insults to defend for what their beliefs. But tonight, new information is coming out about a bounty that has been placed on the head of Duncomb, who according to friends in New Orleans, has gone into hiding.Here is  Black Rebel  telling viewers on his Facebook page about how they can t get any help or protection from police. Black Rebel says they won t be intimidated and will continue to fight for what they believe in:Here are fellow patriots in New Orleans explaining how Antifa has allegedly placed a bounty on  Black Rebel s  head and that he s gone into hiding. Another unidentified black Confederate monument supporter was threatened on Facebook by an alleged Antifa member Gene Black, who threatened the black Confederate statue supporter s family while he s in New Orleans on his wall 4 days ago:The image above appears to be of the man standing in the front with the red, white and blue t-shirt. The Black Rebel can be seen standing behind him as they are being threatened by the opposition. ",0
10949,"SENIOR WRITER FOR NEWSWEEK Hopes GOP Family Members “Lose Insurance,” Be “Tortured,” And “Die”…Suggests People Drop Off DEAD BODIES At FOX News"," When they go low we go high  -Former First Lady Michelle Obama explaining how Democrats take the high roadSince @dailycaller and @peterjhasson think tweets are worse than putting ppls lives at risk, please show them all the love they deserve  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017He didn t stop there however, the unhinged Eichenwald kept ranting. He went on to suggest that people should start dropping dead bodies off at FOX News:With Fox News saying ppl with preexisting conditions exaggerate the impact of no insurance, we should have our dead bodies dropped there.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017His tweets keep getting more and more insane, like this one where he suggests Republican want to kill Americans for tax cuts:I've sometimes wondered if Republicans would even kill for tax cuts. Now we know.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 5, 2017Or this one where Eichenwald says Evangelicals who have insurance are  Satan :Since Evangelicals are now saying ppl can do w/o insurance because it helps bring them to God, evangelicals w/ insurance clearly love Satan.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 5, 2017Eichenwald doubles down on his visceral hate for anyone who holds an opposing view with this vile tweet, where he confirms to everyone who follows him or reads his tweets that liberalism is indeed, a mental disorder:Millions like me tonight dont know if GOP ""health"" bill will pass & kill them. I hope those who vote for it someday face same anguish we do.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) May 6, 2017Eichenwald issued a statement in response to the Daily Caller article. It can be found here. ",0
10950,Bill Maher In Hot Water Over Sick Sex Joke About Ivanka Trump [Video],"Bill Maher has been criticized for making an incest joke about Ivanka Trump and her father on his show.While on his HBO program Real Time with New York magazine reporter Gabriel Sherman on Friday night, the 61-year-old made the incest joke about first daughter Ivanka Trump s relationship with her father President Donald Trump.He said:  What do you make of Ivanka and her efforts to sort of humanize her father? We see all this misogyny at Fox News, we see it in Donald Trump himself. A lot of us thought, Ivanka is gonna be our saving grace. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmOGuHzXu9gStephen Colbert is in hot water with the FCC over his disgusting rant on CBS in which he  joked  about President Trump performing a sex act on Vladimir Putin:COLBERT   LANGUAGE WARNING! This late night host is one angry dude! He does everything he can to try and rip on President Trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.The disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. You can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. If this was said about anyone else, Colbert would be in hot water but this is against Trump so it s ok. Isn t that pitiful How low can Colbert go? Not much lower Stephen Colbert unleashed a torrent of anti-Trump jokes on his show Monday night, ending with a c*ck-in-Trump s-mouth jab. The 12-minute tirade was dedicated to the 100-day mark in Trump s presidency, and Colbert went after Trump with a vengeance. The jokes included,  The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s c*ck holster. Go to the 11:13 mark for the rant   language warning:A new low for these political satirists or just another day at the office?READ MORE: TMZ",0
10951,Congrats To Nasty Little Globalist And Bilderberg Member Macron For His Amazing “Outsider” Triumph,"Paul Joseph Watson nails it in this look at the new leader of France: Congrats to the government bureaucrat, banker, Bilderberg member Macron for his amazing  outsider  triumph The French citizens just voted for their demise They elected Macron over the nationalist candidate who would put France first.Syrian rebel flags flying at the Emmanuel Macron celebration Sound familiar? Marine Le Pen is the Donald Trump of France. Her views are aligned with conservatives who want a check on mass migration from third world hell holes.We consider Le Pen to be a hero and a voice for doing what is right for France. Vive Le Pen! If you don t think France is dying, just watch the videos below:Muslim men are flexing their muscles in France and using their own special  penal code  to enforce Sharia Law on French women. These women, who appear to be natives of France are actually finding themselves resigning themselves to the idea of changing the way they dress and wear make-up over fear of repercussions by the Muslim men in their communities. There are some brave women who are willing to fight back, but will that be enough to stop the complete takeover of France by the mass influx of Muslim men from countries who despise the West?This video is very scary and should be a warning to all Americans who think it s okay to import millions of Muslim men and women from countries who have no intention of assimilating in America:Paris has been invaded by African and Middle Eastern freeloaders..it s chaos and violence This is what happens with OPEN BORDERS! TAKE NOTES AMERICA! The area around Stalingrad Metro station was turned into a refugee battleground as rival gangs of migrants set upon each other in shocking scenes of violence.Asylum seekers wearing hooded tops wielded makeshift clubs fashioned from lengths of wood which they used to bludgeon each other as horrified pedestrians looked on.The blood-curdling brawl erupted just yards from the Stalingrad Metro station, where a squalid migrant camp has popped up following the demolition of the Jungle.It was not immediately clear what sparked the early morning fight, but rival gangs of people smugglers have previously been involved in violent brawls in Calais.And despite the horrific brawl, a pro-migrant rally is apparently being organized to take place at the camp at 6pm tonight. CLASHES WITH POLICE: Read more: ExpressWatch shocking video of Calais residents attacked by migrants in front of their home:France is dying ",0
10952,BREAKING: THE FRENCH VOTE For More Mass Muslim Immigration From The Third World….RIP France #FrenchElection2017,"The French citizens just voted for their demise They elected Macron over the nationalist candidate who would put France first.Syrian rebel flags flying at the Emmanuel Macron celebration Sound familiar? Marine Le Pen is the Donald Trump of France. Her views are aligned with conservatives who want a check on mass migration from third world hell holes.We consider Le Pen to be a hero and a voice for doing what is right for France. Vive Le Pen! If you don t think France is dying, just watch the videos below:Muslim men are flexing their muscles in France and using their own special  penal code  to enforce Sharia Law on French women. These women, who appear to be natives of France are actually finding themselves resigning themselves to the idea of changing the way they dress and wear make-up over fear of repercussions by the Muslim men in their communities. There are some brave women who are willing to fight back, but will that be enough to stop the complete takeover of France by the mass influx of Muslim men from countries who despise the West?This video is very scary and should be a warning to all Americans who think it s okay to import millions of Muslim men and women from countries who have no intention of assimilating in America:Paris has been invaded by African and Middle Eastern freeloaders..it s chaos and violence This is what happens with OPEN BORDERS! TAKE NOTES AMERICA! The area around Stalingrad Metro station was turned into a refugee battleground as rival gangs of migrants set upon each other in shocking scenes of violence.Asylum seekers wearing hooded tops wielded makeshift clubs fashioned from lengths of wood which they used to bludgeon each other as horrified pedestrians looked on.The blood-curdling brawl erupted just yards from the Stalingrad Metro station, where a squalid migrant camp has popped up following the demolition of the Jungle.It was not immediately clear what sparked the early morning fight, but rival gangs of people smugglers have previously been involved in violent brawls in Calais.And despite the horrific brawl, a pro-migrant rally is apparently being organized to take place at the camp at 6pm tonight. CLASHES WITH POLICE: Read more: ExpressWatch shocking video of Calais residents attacked by migrants in front of their home:France is dying ",0
10953,"#NewOrleans: BLACK PATRIOTS Ready To Fight Antifa For Confederate Monuments…Police, Feds Gear Up For Day Of Violence [VIDEO]","May 7th is likely going to be a day of clashes against protesters who are coming from all over the United States to demonstrate against the removal of Confederate monuments in New Orleans. Homeland Security and New Orleans Police Superintendent Michael Harrison have promised that they will be arresting anyone who commits or threatens to commit an act of violence. The three locations they ll be watching are: Lee Circle, Congo Square and the Jefferson Davis monument, as  credible threats  have been reportedTension in New Orleans has mounted since the Battle of Liberty Place obelisk was removed early on the morning of April 24, part of an initiative by Mayor Mitch Landrieu, backed by the City Council, to rid New Orleans of what some consider to be tributes to racism. Supporters consider the monuments part of history, and their removal an attempt to erase history.Protestors on both sides clashed at the Jefferson Davis statute this week, prompting police to barricade the monument. Barricades also appeared Friday afternoon at Lee Circle.Landrieu has said statues of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and P.G.T. Beauregard and Confederacy President Jefferson Davis will come down sometime after the 2017 New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival wraps ends Sunday.RADICAL activists like Take  Em Down Nola, a group that has long advocated for the monuments  removal, plans to rally at Congo Square on Sunday at 1:30 p.m then march  to Lee Circle. At least one pro-monument contingent has called for a rally at 11 a.m. at Lee Circle.From the Take  Em Down Nola website:TAKE EM DOWN NOLA CALLS FOR PEOPLES CELEBRATION & SECOND LINE TO BURY WHITE SUPREMACYWhile white supremacists gather from many states around confederate monuments in OUR CITY, the mayor nor council has still not publicly called for its own ceremony to honor the historic occasion of 4 monuments to slavery coming down.  Even the conservative governor of S.C. had a public ceremony to remove the confederate flag. Cowering in darkness offers no safety or protection, it is shameful and being questioned by world wide media.We the people of New Orleans demand that the Mayor and City Council take immediate action to remove all monuments, school names and street signs dedicated to White Supremacists. These structures litter our city with visual reminders of the horrid legacy of slavery that terrorized so many of this city s ancestors. They misrepresent our community. We demand the freedom to live in a city where we are not forced to pay taxes for the maintenance of public symbols that demean us and psychologically terrorize us. We demand:1.That the city release a timeline for the immediate removal of the monuments;  2.That the city expand the definition from 4 specific monuments to encompass all monuments to White Supremacy 3.That the city develop a community driven process for the removal of the monuments and the choosing of their replacements.Not everyone agrees with  Take  Em Down Nola  that Confederate statues are a sign of racism. One of the most vocal defenders of the Confederate flag and of the Confederate statues in New Orleans is black female conservative activist Arlene Barnum. Barnum is pictured below with her friend, author and popular pro-Confederate flag speaker Anthony Hervey. Barnum was with when she says he was killed by 4-5 black youths after attending a pro-confederate flag rally in Mississippi.  According to Barnum, she and Hervey were guest speakers at the rally in Mississippi. As they were leaving the rally, the SUV driven by Hervey was chased down by a silver car with 4-5 young black men inside. During the chase, he lost control of his car, it flipped and he was killed. Apparently his life didn t matter to the black community, as they never uttered a word about his suspicious death:PUBLIC NOTICE.. LISTEN UP very carefully. If anyone of you who claim to be pro-Confederate, but who are anti-Confederate Battle flag, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. And be quick about it.If you are against the displaying of the Confederate Battle Flag in public, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. Do it now!If you are advocating that people NOT bring Confederate Battle Flag into New Orleans at the endangered Confederate monuments, then REMOVE yourself from my friends list. And be quick as lickity split!As far as I know, I don t have any BLM folks on my friends list. And when I catch em thru the cracks, I remove & block them with the most extreme prejudice. However, in the case of these self-professed pro Confederate folks who have issues with that battle flag emblem, I will give them the respect, dignity & the curtesy to REMOVE themselves. I m giving them 72 hrs.In photo, the man to the left, Anthony Hervey is a Mississippian who was not afraid to publicly display the Confederate battle flag. As a colored man, he has been vilified, attacked, physically assaulted, called all sorts of racial insults that not even the average white Confederate flaggers had endured. But yet he kept on flagging proudly until the day he was killed. So don t give me that sh*t excuse to justify hiding the Confederate Battle flag to avoid being called a racist. I guarantee you that EVERY colored Confederate flagger I know have been called much worse & treated with violence & are the 1st to be targeted at public venues.You better not be black and support free speech or a Confederate monument in America or expect to be threatened by the left. This is no joke. Facebook user Gene Black threatened a black Confederate statue supporter s family while he s in New Orleans on his wall 4 days ago:Much like ISIS, pro-Confederate monument removal groups like Take  Em Down Nola and communist groups like Antifa plan to come together to threaten free speech and freedom of expression.Black Rebel posted this image with the following message:  words cannot described the friendships built after fighting side by side.  on his Facebook page: Black Rebel also posted this video of an anti-free speech leftist launching a glass bottle, just missing the head of a fellow pro-confederate monument protester. Watch how the police take their time walking over to the area from where the bottle was thrown. You can hear the free speech protesters yelling,  Do something!  to the police officers as they appear to be in no hurry to do anything about it. Let s hope this is not an example of how police plan to respond to any potential acts of violence today, or things are likely to get very ugly very quickly: New Orleans Police Department held a press conference on Saturday where they made the public aware they are planning to keep the citizens of New Orleans safe and will keep the protesters safe from violence and from the threat of violence. Police Chief Harrison also makes it clear that they will take swift action for anyone who violates the law. Chief Harrison also makes clear that while they respect the rights of citizens to open carry weapons in New Orleans, that those weapons are not allowed at a public protest:Watch the response from American Warrior Revolution member to New Orleans Police Chief Harrison s press conference:",0
10954,JUDGE JEANINE SLAMS HILLARY IN EPIC OPENING STATEMENT: “Snap out of it!”…”You’re A Two Time Loser!” [Video],"Judge Jeanine Pirro SLAMS Hillary Clinton after Clinton blamed WikiLeaks and Jim Comey s letter on October 28th for losing the election to President Trump.Judge Jeanine called Clinton a  loser  and told her to go back into the woods Hillary, snap out of it,  Pirro said.  I m tired of going through this with you. You re a two-time loser who lost because you were a lousy candidate, you didn t have a message, you lied every time you opened your mouth; you didn t know what states to campaign in, you put our national security at risk with your amateur email setup, you were in a foundation that was nothing more than an organized criminal enterprise parading as a charity, four men died under your watch as you lied about a video, and there were a billion dollars missing from the State Department when you left. And I could go on and on, but I just don t have the time. So, stop with the poor me nonsense. We ve had it with you Clintons always claiming victimhood. The two of you haven t followed the rules since the day you both showed up in your bell bottoms in Arkansas. Be careful, Hillary. Be very, very careful. You pulled the wool over Jim Comey s eyes once, and you actually got the president to say you re a nice lady. Don t be so sure you re going to get away with your new game, given your illegal, ill-advised, and incompetent instincts.You re a loser, Hillary. Face it. Face it, and get back in the woods! ",0
10955,NAIVE NEWS ANCHOR Reporting On “Refugees” Gets Shocking Reality Check During LIVE Broadcast [Video],"This is so disturbing but such a wake up call for people who don t realize what s going on all over Europe and what s coming our way. America is as naive as Europe We also have our share of bleeding heart liberals who are happy to bring in anyone and everyone.Watch what happens below and tell us you would want these people living with you: As soon as Nicola Porro connected with his correspondent around 11:30pm at the Station Terminal of Rome to document the situation of the campers who congregate there at night, Francesca Parisella had just enough time to begin the connection before announcing,  They have assaulted us . With the camera weaving, it was understood that the journalist and her cameraman were fleeing and the voice of the reporter changed in tone into an actual cry of fear. A few minutes later, Porro, from the studio, explained that,  Francesca is upset but well. They have destroyed the camera and beaten the cameraman. A situation such as this evening s should not be a report from a war zone. Thanks to a taxi driver, a much worse outcome was avoided.  The version was confirmed by Parisella herself, by telephone shortly thereafter.  We were at a distance to report on the type of welcome we can give; they were disturbed and they assaulted us. They chased me and grabbed me by the jacket,  explains the journalist.ITALY HAS BEEN INVADED NO KIDDING! PLEASE WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW!Is this going to be America where invaders refuse to leave? We already have illegals who keep coming back after being deported. These people are ruining Europe but will we be next?These people are heading to Northern Europe How many will end up in the US?ISLAMIZATION OF ITALY: THOUSANDS OF MUSLIMS Protest For Mosque Outside Iconic ColosseumSmall mosques were shut down in Italy to keep youth from becoming radicalized A huge protest ensued Thousands of Muslims gathered outside Rome s Colosseum to protest the closure of mosques and other places of worship in the Italian capital. The group gathered outside the iconic ancient Roman building to pray as they promoted their right of freedom to worship during the peaceful march yesterday. An imam led the group in chants of  Allah Akbar  which means  God is great,  as they kneeled to the ground facing the Colosseum. Via: Daily Mail ",0
10956,BLOCKBUSTER COURT RULING On Obama/Clinton Benghazi Emails Forces The Hand Of The State Department,"Thanks to Judicial Watch for keeping it up with the effort to find out more on what happened in Benghazi. We know that the State Department was and still is protecting Hillary Clinton and Obama. We know that it s hard to keep up the hope that these crooks will be held accountable for what they did. Rest assured that Judicial Watch is calling out the State Department on this and especially Patrick Kennedy (see more on Kennedy below).(Washington, DC)   Judicial Watch today announced that U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson has ordered the U.S. Department of State to turn over to Judicial Watch  eight identical paragraphs  of previously redact material in two September 13, 2012, Hillary Clinton emails regarding phone calls made by President Barack Obama to Egyptian and Libyan leaders immediately following the terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi.Both emails had the subject line  Quick Summary of POTUS Calls to Presidents of Libya and Egypt  and were among the emails stored on Clinton s unofficial email server.Judge Jackson reviewed the documents directly and rejected the government s contention that the records had been properly withheld under the FOIA B(5)  deliberative process  exemption.Judge Jackson ruled:  the two records, even if just barely predecisional, are not deliberative. [The State Department] has pointed to very little to support its characterization of these two records as deliberative, and the Court s in camera review of the documents reveals that they do not fall within that category. The full emails may reveal what former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama knew about the September 11, 2012, terror attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi.Following Judge Jackson s March 20 ruling, the State Department asked the court to reconsider. The State Department argued that, due to an internal  mistake,  it failed to claim that the emails were classified and, therefore, exempt from production under FOIA Exemption B(1).In response, Judicial Watch argues that the failure was not a mistake, but instead was part of a deliberate effort by the State Department to protect Clinton and the agency by avoiding identifying emails on Clinton s unofficial, non-secure email server as classified.Judicial Watch s filing cites an interview of an FBI employee who told federal investigators that top State Department official Patrick Kennedy pressured the FBI to keep Clinton s emails unclassified. The employee told the FBI he  believes STATE ha[d] an agenda which involves minimizing the classified nature of the CLINTON emails in order to protect STATE interests and those of CLINTON. :FBI documents say Kennedy offered the FBI additional positions overseas if the  Secret  label, the middle level of classification, would be removed. Clinton, who used a private server for her emails while she was secretary of state, has contended she never sent or received classified information. The FBI has ruled otherwise.4 KEY PEOPLE OUT   PARTICULARLY PATRICK KENNEDY:Judicial Watch s filing also cites an interview of a State Department employee who told the FBI that the State Department s Office of Legal Counsel interfered with the FOIA processing of email from Secretary Clinton s server, instructing reviewers to use Exemption B(5) (deliberative process exemption) instead of Exemption B(1) (classified information exemption). According to the FBI interview:STATE s Near East Affairs Bureau upgraded several of CLINTON s emails to a classified level with a B(1) release exemption . [Redacted], along with [Redacted] attorney, Office of Legal Counsel, called STATE s Near East Affairs Bureau and told them they could use a B(5) exemption on a upgraded email to protect it instead of the B(1) exemption. However, the use of the B(5) exemption, which is usually used for executive privilege-related information, was incorrect as the information actually was classified and related to national security, which would be a B(1) exemption.Judicial Watch argues:An agency s deliberate withholding of a FOIA claim, either to gain a tactical advantage or, as appears to be the case here, to protect the agency s interests and those of its former head, is  a motive undoubtedly inconsistent with FOIA s broad remedial purpose   It  counsels denying the Government s request. The emails in question were sent to then-top administration officials, including Clinton, Deputy Secretary of State William Burns, Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, Clinton Deputy Chief of Staff Jacob Sullivan, Special Assistant Robert Russo, and Deputy National Security Advisor Denis McDonough. Does President Trump know his State and Justice Departments are still trying to provide cover for Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama?  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  An extraordinary court ruling that could result in key answers about the Benghazi outrage is being opposed by the Trump administration. This may well be an example of the  deep state  trying to get away with a cover up   if so then the Trump administration must put a stop to it. Judicial Watch obtained the original documents in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:14-cv-01511)). The lawsuit was filed on September 4, 2014, after the State Department failed to respond to a June 13, 2014, FOIA request seeking:All records related to notes, updates, or reports created in response to the September 11, 2012 attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. This request includes, but is not limited to notes taken by then Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton or employees of the Office of the Secretary of State during the attack and its immediate aftermath. The timeframe for this request is September 11-15, Judicial Watch s numerous FOIA lawsuits have forced the State Department to release hundreds of Benghazi-related documents.THIS IS ALL WE NEED TO SEE TO BE REMINDED TO KEEP UP THE FIGHT FOR TRUTH Via: Judicial Watch",0
10957,KELLYANNE CONWAY: “Where The Hell Were Those Democrats When Veterans Were Dying Waiting For Care?”,"Kellyanne Conway appeared on the Sean Hannity show with guest host Eric Bolling. She was clearly frustrated by the Democrats attempt to mischaracterize the repeal of Obamacare. The outspoken Kellyanne Conway blasted the Democrats, asking Eric Bolling,  Where the hell were the Democrats when veterans were dying?  She also reminded Bolling that President Trump signed the Veterans Choice Act last week, allowing veterans who can t get timely, quality health care at a VA facility, to access the private health care system.Watch: Where the hell were those #Democrats when #Veterans were dying waiting for care?  ~ @KellyannePolls #AHCA #Trumpcare #MAGA pic.twitter.com/H1B2xXWHjg  BRIAN FRASER (@bfraser747) May 6, 2017The American Health Care Act (HR 1628) passed by the House this week reduces taxes on the American people by over $1 trillion. For a list of taxes the bill abolishes that were imposed by Obama and the Democrat party in 2010 as part of Obamacare click HERE.",0
10958,VIDEO: HARLEM BAR Kicks Customers Out For Wearing Trump Hats: “We don’t play that sh*t here”,"A large group of very diverse young adults who call themselves  The Modern Patriots videotaped themselves being kicked out of the  Grill On The Hill  bar located at Amsterdam Ave. and W. 140th St in Harlem for wearing Trump hats. 100 Percent FED UP spoke with one of the young adults who was part of the group to find out why they were kicked out. According to the young lady we spoke with, The Modern Patriots group had just finished giving a speech at the City College across the street and decided to go out together to have a drink. They looked for the nearest bar, and happened to end up across the street at the  Grill On The Hill . There were 15 people in their group; 3 females and 12 males. Some of the males had MAGA (Make America Great Again) hats on. When they entered the bar, a young woman began screaming that she was offended by their MAGA hats. Other customers in the bar joined in and started jeering at them. It was then that they were told to leave.The groups who call themselves  The Modern Patriots  can be seen in the video below chanting,  USA, USA  as they were being kicked out of the bar. A large black man in a blue shirt followed them out of the bar and approached them. He warned them as they were leaving,  It s a very sensitive time. Be careful with that.  The young patriots appeared frustrated with the treatment they received from the bar, but responded in a very respectful manner. The man wearing the blue shirt in the video asked,  Do you know where you re at?  to which one of the students who was kicked out of the bar responded, Yeah, America! We talked to one of the young female Trump supporters who was with the group when they were kicked out. She explained how the customer in the bar who was triggered by their hats followed the bouncer outside the bar, engaging them in a shouting match. The bouncer was admonishing the young adults wearing MAGA hats, while attempting to move them off the public sidewalk, when the female customer who started the issue inside the bar stepped outside and began taunting the Trump supporters. The female patriot who was part of the group explained to us what happened once they we re forced outside:  I told him [the bouncer] we have our own opinion and he responded that the people in the bar had their opinion too. That woman was screaming at our friend and he gave her the middle finger when we were already outside of the bar but she started everything like she owns the place. She started all of this and when the bouncer came outside she did as well and added fuel to fire. But the bouncer was agreeing with them and told us to relax. We did not go there to cause problems we wear our maga hats all over NYC and we rarely have issues. We felt discriminated by this bar and even now they re trying to justify why they kicked us out on their page. Most of the people we were with attend the college nearby and live in the neighborhood but they are basically telling us we don t belong here. I m not for the identity politics no matter where we go we find supporters so they can keep their segregated bar and we will keep on protecting free speech. The man in the blue shirt continues to warn the young adults who dared to wear their Trump hats into the bar,  Be careful out there. It ain t no joke. It ain t no meme. Be careful out there.  He continue to threaten them,  We don t play that shit here.  He tells them to  take that shit where you live.  to which one of the Trump supports says,  I live here!  His response is priceless:  I don t give a f**k where you live. Is the man in the blue shirt suggesting this crowd of young adults who represent just about every racial group in America, had no business being in a bar whose customer base is primarily black? What about the college across the street? Do they only allow black students to drink at their bar?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa1m2N3W5tE&feature=shareThe best line in the video comes near the end of the confrontation when the man in the blue shirt says,  This ain t a democracy. Be careful with yourselves.  At which point the young patriots begin to laugh and walk away to avoid confrontation as they chant, He will not divide us! Here is a sample of some of the responses Grill On The Hill received under their post on their Facebook page, where they tried to explain why they kicked the large group of young adults supporting our President out of their bar: The popular online restaurant review service Yelp shut down the comments section on the  Grill On The Hill  after they were overwhelmed by  reviews  after the story began to circulate on social media:We took screen shots of a few of the reviews that were mostly hidden from users of the YELP review service.The first reviewer starts out by mocking the man in the blue shirt saying:  Be careful with that.  They told people who are low on melanin to go back to downtown. Racists.The second reviewer claimed YELP would not allow her to give  Grill On The Hill  ZERO stars.  She went on to say,  Anyone who lets a person political opinion interfere with them tryout to enjoy a night out is bull. You say free speech but kick people out for wearing trump hats. Shame on you. That s talking out of both sides of your mouth. Stay away. Far away. We called Grill On The Hill to speak with the owners to get their side of the story. The owners were unavailable.",0
10959,LAS VEGAS: ILLEGAL ALIEN ARRESTED For Filming Himself Committing Unspeakable Act Against 4 Year Old Girl,"Did you know that in the state of Texas alone over the last few years, more than 2000 illegal aliens were deported after committing sex crimes?Did you know that in the state of Texas alone over the last few years, nearly a thousand illegal aliens have been convicted of sex crimes against children?Of course you didn t. The media has covered these horrors up for years, and even after Donald Trump dared reveal these horrors, the rape-deniers in the media continue to cover them up. The media is covering up all kinds of horrific statistic regarding illegal aliens. Before we get to those, let s start with why.To Democrats and their media allies, a few hundred raped children a year is seen as a small price to pay for the political benefits that come with an unsecure border. Mexicans vote 3-to-1 for Democrats.Of the 862 alien sex offenders deported by the Texas-based offices, about 27 percent were convicted of sex offenses against children. -BreitbartYesterday in Las Vegas, a Hispanic immigrant was been arrested for allegedly raping a toddler in Las Vegas. The man accused of raping a 4-year-old girl and videotaping the entire sexual assault on his cellphone has been placed on an immigrant detainer. It is not currently known if the accused child rapist is a legal or illegal immigrant.Julio Cesar Medrano, 23, also goes by the alias,  Julio Rodriguez.  The Las Vegas resident was arrested on child rape charges on April 21. The sexual assault happened on April 3, according to the time stamp on the 30-second cellphone video, police investigators.Julio Medrano was arrested after a woman found the video appearing to depict the immigrant raping the child. A tattoo on the hand of the man in the alleged child rape video aided Las Vegas law enforcement investigators in identifying the suspect, the Daily Mail reports.Julio Medrano has been charged with seven criminal counts in connection with the child sexual assault case. The charges levied against the Hispanic immigrant include sexual assault against a child younger than 14, child abuse or neglect, producing and possessing child pornography, possession of a dangerous weapon, and carrying a concealed knife without a permit, according to the Clark County Detention Center online records database.For entire story  Inquisitr",0
10960,WHY LET THE ATHEISTS Run All Over You? City Removes Bench Honoring Veterans,"A city in Pennsylvania is removing a park bench with a religious quote in order to placate angry atheists. The atheists wants to put their own bench there instead: This bench was put there to honor veterans! Is nothing sacred anymore? The site reads:  The quote by William Penn, appearing on the Tyrants Bench, honors Pennsylvania s founding father, as well as the men and women who gave their lives to protect the rights of all U.S. citizens Men who aren t governed by God, will be governed by tyrants Does anyone else see the irony in this quote? OIL CITY, Pa.   An atheist group in New Jersey is seeking the removal of a bench at a Pennsylvania park that is meant to honor veterans due to an inscription of a quote attributed to the state s founder that mentions God. American Atheists (AA) recently sent a letter to the mayor of Oil City to request that the Justus Park bench, which was donated in 2003 by a local branch of the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), be removed out of its belief that its inscribed text violates the U.S. Constitution.  Men who aren t governed by God, will be governed by tyrants,  the bench reads, paraphrasing a quote that is often attributed to Pennsylvania founder William Penn, a Quaker who wrote a number of theological books and who once stood trial for  causing a tumult  in preaching in the streets. AA contends that the quote violates the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which instructs that  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion.  The group also says the text is disrespectful to non-Christians. The Tyrants Bench contains an overtly religious message which endorses one particular religious viewpoint: Christianity. The statement that  Men who aren t governed by God will be governed by tyrants  not only has absolutely nothing to do with honoring our service members, but is derisive toward the all non-Christian American service members who have served and died for this country,  its letter asserted. It offered to provide a secular bench in exchange for the current display.Read more: Christian News",0
10961,GOP VETERAN AND DOUBLE AMPUTEE Scorches Democrats For Blatant Lies About Health Care Bill [Video],"Brian Mast scorched the Democrats for their lying about the health care bill:  I too am a person with preexisting conditions and I believe it s not something I should just do but a responsibility for me to be the staunchest advocate for people out there who have preexisting conditions. And that is why I m such an ardent supporter of this bill. I think every American and every person out there with preexisting conditions should be asking themselves, how is it that they have coverage if every single insurance provider has pulled out of the market? If there s no entity to go out there and provide insurance, how is it that preexisting conditions could possibly be covered?https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=5&v=30ZhPidmLBQGo get  em!PELOSI AND USUAL SUSPECTS LIE THROUGH THEIR TEETH ABOUT THE BILL:Pelosi held a fear mongering press conference where she claimed Republicans would have a  scar they would carry with them Well, ok She then said Republicans will  glow in the dark Huh?Her hands were shaking the entire speech very bizarre indeedHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., warned that Republicans who vote to pass the American Health Care Act today will have a  scar they will carry  from that vote, and that they will be  forever identified  with the vote. They have this vote tattooed on them. This is a scar they will carry,  Pelosi said when asked if the House bill could be improved in the Senate.  It s their vote, not the Senate vote. It s their vote they are taking. So that is really a poor choice  cowardly, I might add. Why would they vote for it if they don t think it s worthy of support because the Senate will change it? LIZ WARREN  PEOPLE WILL DIE! Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren called the House GOP s plan to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act a  cruel  way to enrich the wealthy and cut insurance from many Americans.Warren said too many Republicans are treating the bill like it s a game: This isn t football. It s not about scoring points. #AHCA will devastate Americans  healthcare. Families will go bankrupt. People will die,  she tweeted.",0
10962,"AFTER 5 YEARS Of Being Bullied By Barack Obama, President Trump Signs Religious Liberty Exec Order To Protect “Little Sisters Of The Poor”"," Freedom is not a gift from government. It is a gift from God.    President Donald J. Trump, May 4, 2017The Little Sisters correctly insist that sterilizations, abortifacient chemical birth control and artificial contraception are all immoral. They are not only against the teaching of the scripture and Christian tradition but, as Catholics, the Sisters also maintain that they violate the Natural Moral Law.The Obama administration has asked the Court to compel these Little Sisters of the Poor to do indirectly what they refuse to do directly. They asked the Court to force Catholic nuns to sin, to act against conscience, to pursue an immoral course of action. The nuns were placed in a situation reminiscent of other times in the history of the Church when unjust rulers sought to compel the Church to bend the knee to Caesar.Here are what the Little Sisters Of The Poor are all about. One look at these lovely women who have devoted their lives to God and to helping others in need, and you will see why President Trump made helping them live their faith without fear of persecution a priority:President Donald Trump signed a religious liberty executive order today that would protect Christian organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor from being forced to pay for abortions.Today is the National Day of Prayer and the White House is celebrating the occasion with Christian leaders by scheduling the order signing today. The order is a promise to respect religious rights and could pave the way for the Trump administration dropping the lawsuit the Obama administration was fighting against the Little Sisters and dozens of Christian entities not wanting to pay for abortions or abortion-causing drugs.The order indicates the Trump administration will  provide regulatory relief for religious objectors to Obamacare s burdensome preventive services mandate, a position supported by the Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby. Family Research Council President Tony Perkins was at the White House for the signing ceremony of an executive order protecting religious liberty. He told LifeNews.com that the new order ensures the freedom of all Americans to believe and act in accordance with their beliefs. The executive order makes clear that the administration will pursue policies that  protect and vigorously promote religious liberty. The President s executive order is a clear reflection of his campaign promise to protect the religious freedoms of Americans. President Trump is taking a significant first step to defending religious liberty. In working with the Trump administration, it is clear that they both recognize and understand the dangers of the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and are therefore committed to undoing those policies and restoring true religious freedom,  he said.  The freedom to live out faith in all areas of society without government punishment or intimidation is what has made America great.   Life NewsWatch here: ",0
10963,ELLEN Just Proved She’s A HUGE Hypocrite And Knows NOTHING About Trump [Video],"Someone needs to educate Ellen DeGeneres on President Trump. She obviously knows nothing about him or his policies that DO include ALL Americans! He just not into identity politics like Obama was.She claims that his views on immigrants and women aren t aligned with hers. So isn t she doing what she proclaims to object to when she refuses to have Trump on simply because of his views?He is FOR immigrants but for LEGAL IMMIGRANTS. Does Ellen advocate for illegally coming to America? Traditionally, talk show hosts salivate at the mere thought of the president of the United States visiting their chatfests.Ellen DeGeneres? Not so much.President Donald Trump isn t welcome on  The Ellen DeGeneres Show,  the comedienne told Matt Lauer in an interview that aired on NBC s  Today  on Friday,  because I m not gonna change his mind. He s against everything that I stand for. DeGeneres said she had met Trump in the past; the two filmed a  Celebrity Apprentice -related segment for her show years ago. I flew in his helicopter and did a bit with him, so I knew him then,  she said.  I have not spoken to him since he s run for president or become president. DeGeneres, who recently celebrated the 20th anniversary of her coming out as a lesbian during an episode of her sitcom  Ellen,  implied that Trump s well-documented comments about women and immigrants, among other topics, do not jibe with her own views and do not seem to be malleable.Read more: NYP",0
10964,HILARIOUS! Random French People Say They’d Gladly House A Refugee Until Interviewer Surprises Them With Refugee To Take Home [VIDEO],"Watch this hilarious video from our British conservative friend Paul Joseph Watson (Twitter name:@PrisonPlanet) who does a brilliant job exposing the hypocrisy of the left: Pro-migrant French welcome more refugees! But when asked to house one, their enthusiasm suddenly disappears. https://t.co/GQMwUZZOAp pic.twitter.com/DHH4R6hyPK  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) May 5, 2017",0
10965,TWO SOMALI MUSLIM MEN Arrested For Daytime Gun Fight In Olive Garden Parking Lot In City Ranked “#2 Best Place To Live In America”,"Police on Tuesday arrested two people and were seeking a third after a shooting in Northwest Rochester, MN.In 2014, Rochester, MN was ranked No. 2 on Livability.com s second annual national list of the Top 100 Best Places to Live.Rochester, MN is now a gateway city for refugee resettlement and it is being systematically destroyed. Violent crime is at unprecedented levels. Daily reports of gunfights are not uncommon.Authorities received multiple emergency calls about 12:50 p.m., reporting shots fired in a parking lot at Minnwest Bank, 331 16th Ave. NW. According to Sgt. Frank Ohm of the Rochester Police Department, the incident involved  three to four black males fighting,  and shots were fired.One or two individuals ran south, and one or two individuals ran north away from the parking lot, Ohm added. Two suspects were arrested down the street and were taken into custody for further questioning.UPDATE: Attempted murder charges have been filed against the two Rochester men arrested as suspects in Tuesday s shooting near the Olive Garden restaurant.Arraigned Thursday were 21-year-old Abdi Abukar and 22-year-old Idris Haji-Mohamed. Conditional bail for the two suspects was set at $500,000.Multiple witnesses have identified Abukar as the one who was firing shots at a third man as he ran through the parking lot of the restaurant just before 1 p.m. The gun suspected of being used in the shooting was found near where the two men were apprehended. Police suspect a second gun was involved. And, at least one witness told police it appeared two men were shooting at each other. The man who was being fired at is still being sought.Police aren t sure what the motive was for the shooting because the two suspects have not given a statement. It s suspected it may be related to two recent shootings in the city. Pamela Gellar",0
10966,SENATOR FEINSTEIN Shocks CNN Anchor With “Precise Answer” On Trump/Russia Smear Campaign [Video],"What s all the fuss about if there s no there, there? Is anyone else sickened by the left s efforts to discredit President Trump for months when they knew there was NOTHING THERE!Feinstein had visited CIA headquarters on Tuesday and was briefed on the investigation but months before this we all knew the truth It s just that Feinstein finally admitted it:  Not at this time NOT AT THIS TIME???The Democrats owe President Trump the BIGGEST apology!THE FOLLOWING COMMENT EXPRESSES HOW AMERICA FEELS ABOUT FEINSTEIN AND HER CRONIES: It s been hundreds of days since the  Russian  smear campaign conducted by MSM, democrat operative morons like Olbermann and late night  comedians , and Clintons political cronies   and yet still nothing. Nothing. Not a single thing. A few more months and then they will quietly say  case closed  and hope and pray that we all forgot. Sorry but we won t and we watch you all very differently now, we see right through you. Our patience is just about out and your time handling our power is up. FEINSTEIN EMBARRASES HERSELF DURING QUESTIONING TO NEIL GORSUCH:Senator Dianne Feinstein is no match for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. In her questioning today she really made a fool of herself when she tossed out a question that made it clear she hadn t done her homework on Gorsuch. He answered her question by citing numerous specific cases in his legal history. It s understandable that the Democrats are trying to play to their base by dragging out the process of asking ridiculous questions of this perfect nominee for the SCOTUS. This is embarrassing and we have two more days of it! It seems this is backfiring on the Democrats RETIRE ALREADY!",0
10967,FBI DIRECTOR CONFIRMS Hillary’s Worst Nightmare Was Found On This Creep’s Laptop [VIDEO],"Be careful what you ask for Watch:  FBI Director James Comey testified Wednesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee that Hillary Clinton emails containing classified information were forwarded to the computer of Anthony Weiner, the former congressman, by his wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin.Comey also strongly defended himself on Capitol Hill for his Oct. 28 letter notifying Congress of newly discovered emails appearing pertinent to Clinton s private server investigation, arguing it would have been  catastrophic  to conceal such a revelation.He explained that his investigative team informed him in late October of metadata from Weiner s computer showing thousands of Clinton s emails on that device, including what they thought might be the  missing emails  from her first three months at the State Department.Weiner resigned from Congress in 2011 over a sexting scandal and saw a 2013 mayoral run in New York City go up in flames for similar reasons. The investigation that led to Comey s letter concerned his sexting with an underage girl.  WFB",0
10968,WOW! HERE’S THE LIST Of Obamacare Taxes Abolished By The House…Reduces Taxes By Over $1 TRILLION,"The American Health Care Act (HR 1628) passed by the House today reduces taxes on the American people by over $1 trillion. The bill abolishes the following taxes imposed by Obama and the Democrat party in 2010 as part of Obamacare:-Abolishes the Obamacare Individual Mandate Tax which hits 8 million Americans each year.-Abolishes the Obamacare Employer Mandate Tax. Together with repeal of the Individual Mandate Tax repeal this is a $270 billion tax cut.-Abolishes Obamacare s Medicine Cabinet Tax which hits 20 million Americans with Health Savings Accounts and 30 million Americans with Flexible Spending Accounts. This is a $6 billion tax cut.-Abolishes Obamacare s Flexible Spending Account tax on 30 million Americans. This is a $20 billion tax cut.-Abolishes Obamacare s Chronic Care Tax on 10 million Americans with high out of pocket medical expenses. This is a $126 billion tax cut.-Abolishes Obamacare s HSA withdrawal tax. This is a $100 million tax cut.-Abolishes Obamacare s 10% excise tax on small businesses with indoor tanning services. This is a $600 million tax cut.-Abolishes the Obamacare health insurance tax. This is a $145 billion tax cut.-Abolishes the Obamacare 3.8% surtax on investment income. This is a $172 billion tax cut.-Abolishes the Obamacare medical device tax. This is a $20 billion tax cut.-Abolishes the Obamacare tax on prescription medicine. This is a $28 billion tax cut.-Abolishes the Obamacare tax on retiree prescription drug coverage. This is a $2 billion tax cut.As a presidential candidate in 2008, Barack Obama had promised repeatedly that he would not raise any tax on any American earning less than $250,000 per year. He broke the promise when he signed Obamacare. With the passage of the House GOP bill, tens of millions of middle income Americans will get tax relief from Obamacare s long list of tax hikes.Via: Americans For Tax Reform ",0
10969,NOT KIDDING! High School Assignment: “Prudence is thirty-four. She has had sex with 21 men and 3 women”," Prudence is thirty-four. She has had sex with twenty-one men and three women,  according an assignment for high schoolers in Scotland County, Missouri. After being celibate for three years, she meets Larry and a romance begins to develop. Larry is thirty-seven. One night he proposes that, things going the way he thinks they re going between them, they talk about their sexual histories. A concerned mother recently contacted Fox News columnist Todd Starnes about the assignment after her child received it in an English class at Scotland County R-1 Junior-Senior High School. Larry confesses to having slept with three women, one of whom he married. She tells him that she has slept with three men. Larry is uncomfortable with this number, especially since Prudence is younger than he is,  the assignment continued.  She amends it, saying that one was just heavy petting. Given Prudence s reflexive need for approval and Larry s clear ideas of how things should be, what percentage of the time will Prudence be inhibited in bed with Larry, and consequently fake orgasm to ease his pride? Here is a photo of the assignment: This is something I imagine you would see on a coffee table in every brothel,  the irate mother told Starnes.The unidentified woman said she contacted the school s principal, who provided a lame excuse for the assignment. He told me that the teacher was originally a college teacher and he sometimes has trouble differentiating between what is appropriate for a 15- or 16-year-old and a 19 or 20-year-old,  she said.For entire story: EAG News",0
10970,"PRO-HILLARY New York Daily News Writer DESTROYS Hillary, Tells Her To, “Shut The F**k Up And Go Away”","Gersh Kuntzman is a writer for the New York Daily News, he was also a Hillary Clinton supporter, with emphasis on  was Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News wrote: Hey, Hillary Clinton, shut the f  up and go away already.I voted for Clinton on Nov. 8 and thought she d be a good president.But she lost. And she still wants us to feel bad about that. And, worse, she s still blaming everyone else.On Tuesday at the Women for Women conference, she reminded us again what a flawed candidate she was last year   and what a flawed person she has always been.In her talk before a friendly audience, Clinton said she s writing a memoir   and said it s  painful  to revisit how Donald Trump beat her like a ragdoll in an election that was a lock.Painful? We re the ones in pain, Hillary. You re making millions to process it. We re the ones living it.Sorry, Simon & Schuster may want Hillary Clinton to write the history, but I m not about to let her re-write it. No one deserves more blame for the election debacle than Hillary Rodham Clinton.Gersh Kuntzman goes on to us count the ways:1. She was, indeed, untrustworthy: Remember her fainting spell at the 9/11 ceremony? Remember how long it took for her to tell the truth? Remember how that reminded every voter in America that Hillary Clinton s first instinct is to lie? Just like she did when she claimed she had taken sniper fire during a First Lady trip to Bosnia. Just as she did when she said she never sent classified documents over her private email server.Huntzman went on to call Hillary out on her email server, her Goldman Sachs speeches and her pathetic campaignGo to New York Daily News for entire story",0
10971,FOUL-MOUTHED MODEL Chrissy Teigen Blames President Trump For Mental And Physical Breakdown…Makes Hilarious Demands Of Him [VIDEO],"The 31-year old model, new mother and wife of Trump- hater, singer John Legend has been trashing President Trump on Twitter for quite some time. She reached a new low yesterday when she blamed him for her mental state and suggested he should be held financially responsible for her looks falling apart so fucking tired of this manically insane, incompetent president and this dumpster fire administration I'm gonna have to go on another med  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017that is not a joke. I think I need to either up my dosage or talk to my doctor to ""see what works for me"" when the world explodes.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Teigen blames Trump for having a tooth shaved down due to grinding of her teeth. Today I had a tooth shaved down because crippling anxiety makes me grind and rock my teeth on one side. I blame trump.  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Who knew Hollywood Trump haters would suddenly need Botox injected into their faces because of Trump. The best part is that Teigen not only blames Trump for Botox injections, but would also like him to pay for them.I also had Botox in my jaw muscle to relieve tension from constantly clinching. I was not like this before. Pay my bill, POS POTUS  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017Watch Chrissy Teigen and her husband singer John Legend trash Donald Trump and brag about how long she s hated him:",0
10972,STEPHEN COLBERT’S RESPONSE To His Vulgar Remarks About Trump Made Americans Want Him Fired Even More…#FireColbert [VIDEO],"Johnny Carson must be rolling over in his grave to see what s happened to late night comedy where he dedicated 30 years of his life to actually making people of all political persuasions laugh. If Johnny Carson had a particular political leaning, his viewers wouldn t have known what it was. When it came to criticizing President s of the United States, he was always funny but never hateful and certainly never vile. A lot has changed since then. It wasn t so long ago that  comedians  like Stephen Colbert only dreamed of sitting in one of the coveted late night comedy spots like the one Johnny Carson created. David Letterman s hate for conservatives and Republicans didn t really surfaced until he was nearing the end of his career, and although many wish he would keep his hateful opinions about our President to himself, he is a private citizen now and is not accountable to anyone for his petty remarks. The big question is, will anyone at CBS hold his predecessor Stephen Colbert responsible for his vile remarks about Trump having oral sex with Vladimir Putin? Will Colbert s advertisers pull their advertising dollars from his show like they did to FOX News  Bill O Reilly, after unproven allegations of sexual assault were made against him?As sad as it was to the world of comedy when Johnny Carson passed away, it s a good thing he isn t able to see how that the hateful and spiteful liberal Stephen Colbert has disgraced and replaced what once was considered late-night comedy.Last night, Stephen Colbert responded to #FireColbert backlash over a crude oral-sex joke he made about President Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on Monday, May 1. Trump supporters and others thought the comment was inappropriate and called for the comedian to be dropped from the CBS show.The TV host, 52, opened his Wednesday, May 3, episode by addressing the controversy.  Welcome to The Late Show,  he said.  I m your host, Stephen Colbert. Still? I am still the host? I m still the host! Colbert went on to explain that his scathing monologue was spurred by Trump abruptly ending an Oval Office interview with fellow CBS correspondent John Dickerson.  Now, if you saw my monologue Monday, you know that I was a little upset at Donald Trump for insulting a friend of mine,  he said.  So at the end of that monologue, I had a few choice insults for the president in return. I don t regret that. He, I believe, can take care of himself. I have jokes; he has the launch codes. So, it s a fair fight.   US MagazineWatch liberal bully Stephen Colbert and his childish  I don t regret  what I said response to his viewers:For anyone who cares to watch Colbert s vulgar remarks, they can be seen in the video below at around the 11:13 mark:",0
10973,BOMBSHELL COMEY ADMISSION: FBI Found Email Indicating Obama’s AG Loretta Lynch Would Do EVERYTHING She Could To Protect Hillary From Criminal Charges [VIDEO],"After the release of tell-all book  Shattered  that excoriated and exposed Hillary Clinton and her failed campaign, she emerged from hiding in an attempt to set the record straight (History according to Hillary). Hillary explained to the audience that had it not been for FBI Director James Comey re-opening the investigation into her email scandal, that she would have been the President today. Watch:But FBI Director James Comey finally came clean today about what he found in the emails that were hacked by the Russians and there appears to be more to the story than we were told during the election and it involves Barack Obama s second corrupt AG, Loretta Lynch From the Right Scoop   Fox News reporter Catherine Herridge says this is one of the biggest headlines out of the hearing today with the FBI director, pointing out that the FBI had found an email was obtained by Russian hackers that indicated that former DOJ hack Loretta Lynch would do everything she could to protect Hillary from prosecution:Of course Comey wouldn t reveal who sent the email and to whom it was sent. But it sounds like it was sent from someone who worked closely with Lynch, and sent to someone who was very worried about Clinton going down in flames, probably someone very close to Clinton.At the end of the segment, Herridge pointed out that Comey suggested he was boxed in by Lynch and here is what she s talking about: ",0
10974,OBAMA Interferes In French Election: ‘Folksy’ Video Endorses Globalist Over Brave Nationalist Woman [Video],"The Donald Trump of France MARINE LE PEN is in the last stages of campaigning and it s getting uglier and uglier You know it s ugly when our hypocrite globalist former president INTERFERES WITH THE FRENCH ELECTION!Yes, Obama is endorsing Macron in the French election and just released a folksy video claiming he s for Macron.What would the Democrats say if Putin made a video like this for Trump?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_Y6iMUh2mU MARINE LE PEN IS ONE BRAVE WOMAN! WE CHOOSE HER! VIVE LE PEN!Protesters hurled eggs at French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen on Thursday during a campaign stop three days ahead of the election.They were screaming,  No fascism!  BUT WHO IS THE REAL FASCIST HERE?HERE S A GREAT LOOK AT A DIVIDED FRANCE: Iman Amrani visits France s second biggest city to meet the inhabitants of two housing estates with opposing cultural and political identities. Disillusioned voters have turned to the far left and the far right for answers in the most divisive election in a generation. Rising resentment towards the political class has resulted in non-traditional candidates dominating the election. With the fault lines in French society revealed, how should such a divided country be represented?Remember on May Day that France was literally on fire: Here s a photo from America s May Day The world is on fire ",0
10975,BREAKING NEWS: GOP Controlled House Votes To REPEAL Obamacare,"After years of debate, the House on Thursday voted to repeal key parts of the Affordable Care Act and replace them with new provisions.The vote, which President Donald Trump was planning to tout as a big victory, sends the Republican-sponsored bill to gut Obamacare to the Senate for consideration.But winning approval for the bill could be even more difficult in the Senate than it has been in the House, where Republican leaders struggled for nearly two months to wrangle enough votes in their caucus to secure its passage.The bill passed by a vote of 217 to 213. All 193 Democrats voting opposed the bill; they were joined by 20 Republicans voting  no. A lot of us have waited seven years to case this vote,  House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said shortly before the voting began.  Many of us are here because we pledged to cast this vote: to repeal and replace Obamacare. This bill delivers the promises we have made to the American people,  Ryan said.House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., told MSNBC shortly before the vote began,  We were elected to do this. After the vote, protesters outside the Capitol building yelled,  Shame, shame!  at members of Congress walking down the front steps.  CNBCWashington Free Beacon   One of the amendments, introduced by Rep. Tom MacArthur (R., N.J.), co-chair of the Tuesday Group, allows states to obtain a waiver from federal standards such as essential health benefits and community rating rules. This measure gained the support of House Freedom Caucus members, who said it will significantly lower health costs, even if it does not fully repeal Obamacare. The MacArthur amendment will grant states the ability to repeal cost driving aspects of Obamacare left in place under the original AHCA,  said the House Freedom Caucus.  While the revised version still does not fully repeal Obamacare, we are prepared to support it to keep our promise to the American people to lower health care costs. Another amendment, introduced by Rep. Fred Upton (R., Mich.) adds $8 billion to the Patient and State Stability Fund, which helps reduce premiums and out-of-pocket costs. This amendment would provide additional funding, $8 billion over five years, to ensure a strong safety net and reduce premiums, or other out-of-pocket costs, for those with preexisting conditions,  said Upton.Following the amendment, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that the White House supported the measure and that President Trump has been working to ensure that Americans have more affordable care. Overall the efforts that were made, and especially the effort this morning with congressmen Long and Upton, help bring more people into this effort and make it even a stronger bill, and ensure that Americans have a health care system that gets them the care that they need at a price that s affordable,  Spicer said. The president has been on the phone constantly,  Spicer said.  I think we have made this an unbelievable bill and an unbelievable replacement for Obamacare, which is failing, and that s what we ve sought to do from the beginning. ",0
10976,"WATCH What Happens When Random People Are Asked To Sign Petition Allowing ALL ILLEGAL ALIEN Murderers, Rapists To Be Freed From Prison [VIDEO]","Hilarious conservative media analyst and Youtube sensation Mark Dice took to the streets of Los Angeles in 2013 while President Obama was still occupying our White House. He asked random people walking down the street if they would sign a petition to  support violent criminals to be released from our prisons and onto our streets. It s interesting to see how many people accept that illegal aliens in our prisons are not being treated unfairly without any evidence. This false narrative was successfully promoted by Barack Obama, our media and the Democrats, who decided that illegal aliens should be not just be given equal treatment to American citizens, but instead, they should be given special treatment above and beyond those afforded to American citizens.Watch the video and check out the new statistics below that were just released by Zogby, showing that Hispanics in America now support President Trump more than any other demographic. Apparently supporting illegal aliens who commit crimes in America is no longer cool under a Trump administration:Most of the people who are seen signing this petition, are Hispanic. But that s when we had a president who shamed Americans into believing that giving special privileges to illegal aliens was expected. Today however, is a different story In its latest survey, Zogby Analytics said that Hispanic support has hit 45 percent, two points higher than the president s generic approval.That is 55 percent higher than the total Latino vote for Trump in the election. He won just 29 percent. The biggest surprise in this new poll is Trump s approval among Hispanic voters, which is at 45 percent approval/51 percent disapproval. In February the numbers were less among Hispanics at 39 percent approval/53 percent disapproval,  said Zogby.Via: Washington Examiner ",0
10977,"RADICAL “TOLERANT” FEMALE Antifa, Black Bloc, Leader Follows Muslim Boyfriend To Turkey… Surprised When She Was Beaten, Raped","DC Antifa Leader Moved to Turkey with Man She Met, Surprised When Beaten and Abused https://t.co/MsBtGGxwem pic.twitter.com/XjC3UbmvRn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 2, 2017McCauley claims this is not the person who she traveled to Turkey to be with in her response to Prosibiec:How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017So all day, #fascists were a lot of bluff and bluster. Brought guns they never shot. Just chanted, gave #Nazi salutes, taunted. #Pikeville pic.twitter.com/FlVAOkudlW  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 29, 2017How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017Lacy Mccauley can be seen acting as the  tolerant  host at this organized LGBTQ dance party in front of Vice President Mike Pence s home. At about the 1:40 mark, Lacy interviews Natalie, one of the  peaceful  protesters who warns Mike Pence,  Bro .at me bro!  She continues,  We re gonna fight you and dance the more you come at us. So bring it! We re ready. We re gonna keep resisting in love dancing because it looks like you don t have any.  So it looks like you need to be taught.  Lacy then goes on to interview more hateful gay protesters preaching love and  tolerance . So many angry, hateful people protesting against hate The hypocrisy of a liberal exposed. Note: the original post (seen in screen shot below) claims the protest was organized by the Islamic Center. We re pretty sure that LGBTQ members dancing in the streets is not a sanctioned Islamic event LOL!",0
10978,"RADICAL “TOLERANT” FEMALE Black Bloc, Antifa Leader Follows Muslim Boyfriend To Turkey… Surprised When She Was Beaten, Raped","DC Antifa Leader Moved to Turkey with Man She Met, Surprised When Beaten and Abused https://t.co/MsBtGGxwem pic.twitter.com/XjC3UbmvRn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 2, 2017McCauley claims this is not the person who she traveled to Turkey to be with in her response to Prosibiec:How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017So all day, #fascists were a lot of bluff and bluster. Brought guns they never shot. Just chanted, gave #Nazi salutes, taunted. #Pikeville pic.twitter.com/FlVAOkudlW  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) April 29, 2017How nice of you to link to my blog, Jack. I wrote about this publicly. Nice ""investigative"" skills. You got a photo of the wrong guy though. https://t.co/shOj6FfEyl  Lacy MacAuley (@lacymacauley) May 2, 2017Lacy Mccauley can be seen acting as the  tolerant  host at this organized LGBTQ dance party in front of Vice President Mike Pence s home. At about the 1:40 mark, Lacy interviews Natalie, one of the  peaceful  protesters who warns Mike Pence,  Bro .at me bro!  She continues,  We re gonna fight you and dance the more you come at us. So bring it! We re ready. We re gonna keep resisting in love dancing because it looks like you don t have any.  So it looks like you need to be taught.  Lacy then goes on to interview more hateful gay protesters preaching love and  tolerance . So many angry, hateful people protesting against hate The hypocrisy of a liberal exposed:",0
10979,U.S. ATTORNEY ON FIRE: Why FBI Director Comey “Is A Danger To This Country” [Video],"Did you see the testimony from FBI Director Comey yesterday? The two words that stand out are the words  mildly nauseous :FBI director James Comey said he s  mildly nauseous  about the possibility that his announcement about reopening an investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails influenced the outcome of the election  Tessa Berenson, Time (time.com), 3 May 2017Tucker Carlson interviewed US Attorney Joe diGenova:DOES THE FBI DIRECTOR HAVE TOO MUCH POWER?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzdGKmo3-A8diGenova was on fire during this interview:  I got mildly nauseous listening to his testimony one more time,  diGenova said, referring to Comey s own feelings about possibly affecting the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. James Comey is a danger to the country,  diGenova said.  He surrounds himself with his own cult of personality. He believes that he is the last righteous man left standing. When Comey held a news conference July 5, 2016 where he  accused Hillary Clinton and then exonerated her,  diGenova said,  he violated every rule and regulation of the department of justice. He should have been fired that day. President Donald Trump should not have kept him after his inauguration, he added. He should be fired for the testimony that he has given over the last few months,  diGenova added.  That July 5 news conference was the original sin. From it, everything else followed. In answer to Comey s question to his critics of what they would have done differently, diGenova said,  Mr. Director, I would have done nothing, because I never would have held the July 5 news conference, which forced you to send two letters to Congress. Comey, as FBI director, is a cop, he said, but instead took on the role of a prosecutor, stealing the job of the Justice Department. But the Justice Department, headed then by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, was left unable to respond because of Lynch s private meeting with Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton, in Clinton s plane at the Phoenix airport. The entire Department of Justice was so frightened of Jim Comey because of the way they had politically mishandled the Hillary Clinton email server investigation, that they were afraid to contradict him,  he said.  That is what you call a disaster in a government of accountability. He stole the work of the Department of Justice in a single day, and they sat there and watched it. A pox on all of their houses. Both sides of the aisle are angry with Comey He s got 7 more years with the FBI.Should Trump fire him now or keep him for another 7 years?Via: NewsMax",0
10980,NEW BIOGRAPHY Exposes Barack Obama’s Dream Of Becoming Donald Trump,"Barack Obama s white college girlfriend Sheila Miyoshi Jager, who is now a professor at Oberlin College, tells a story of a very calculating man who was not about to let her race get in the way of his political ambitions: In the winter of  86, when we visited my parents, he asked me to marry him,  she told Garrow. Her parents were opposed, less for any racial reasons (Barack came across to them like  a white, middle-class kid,  a close family friend said) than for concern about Obama s professional prospects, and because her mother thought Sheila, two years Obama s junior, was too young.  Not yet,  Sheila told Barack. But they stayed together.In early 1987, when Obama was 25, she sensed a change.  He became. . . so very ambitious  very suddenly,  she told Garrow.  I remember very clearly when this transformation happened, and I remember very specifically that by 1987, about a year into our relationship, he already had his sights on becoming president. Discussions of race and politics suddenly overwhelmed Sheila and Barack s relationship.  The marriage discussions dragged on and on,  but now they were clouded by Obama s  torment over this central issue of his life . . . race and identity,  Sheila recalls. The  resolution of his black identity was directly linked to his decision to pursue a political career,  she said.At Harvard, the Obama the world has come to know took clearer form. In his late 20s now and slightly older than most classmates, he had a compulsion to orate in class and summarize other people s arguments for them.  In law school the only thing I would have voted for Obama to do would have been to shut up,  one student told Garrow. Classmates created a Obamanometer, ranking  how pretentious someone s remarks are in class. If Garrow is indeed correct in concluding that Obama s romantic choices were influenced by his political ambitions, it is no small irony that Michelle Obama became one of those most skeptical about Obama s political prospects, and most dubious about his will to rise. She constantly discourages his efforts toward elective office and resents the time he spends away from her and their two young daughters. Obama vented to a friend how often Michelle would talk about money.  Why don t you go out and get a good job? You re a lawyer   you can make all the money we need,  she would tell him, as the couple struggled with student loans and the demands of family and political life. (Garrow sides with Michelle, highlighting how, on the day after Sasha was born, Barack went downtown for a meeting.)As he considered a U.S. Senate bid, Obama s team commissioned a poll that covered, among other questions, his name.  Barry,  as he was known from childhood into his early college years, polled better than  Barack,  but Obama never considered resurrecting the old name. He had made his choice, of identity and image, long ago. Sheila recalls that one of the few times Obama became genuinely angry with her was in Hawaii, when she heard relatives calling him Barry, and she did so as well, just for fun. He became  irrationally furious,  she said.  He told me that under no circumstances was I ever to use that name with him. There was no going back.The sense of destiny is not unusual among those who become president. (See Clinton, Bill.) But it created complications. Obama believed that he had a  calling,  Garrow writes, and in his case it was  coupled with a heightened awareness that to pursue it he had to fully identify as African American. Obama had considered Donald Trump long before either man won the presidency, and brushed off his existence as a misguided national fantasy. Americans have a  continuing normative commitment to the ideals of individual freedom and mobility,  Obama wrote in the old Harvard book manuscript, now more than 25 years old.  The depth of this commitment may be summarily dismissed as the unfounded optimism of the average American   I may not be Donald Trump now, but just you wait; if I don t make it, my children will. For entire story: The Washington Post",0
10981,SUSAN RICE REFUSES To Testify Before The Senate…You Won’t Believe The Reason Why!,"Susan Rice just announced she won t testify before the Senate on the Russian hacking.Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. She gave a very flimsy excuse for not testifying via her lawyer:Rice considered the invitation a  diversionary play  to distract attention from the investigation into Russian election interference, including contacts between Trump allies and Russians during the campaign, the source said.That s ridiculous! Could it REALLY be that she doesn t want to testify under oath? Ya think!According to CNN, Barack Obama s national security adviser turned down a request from Sen. Lindsey Graham to participate in the hearing. Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter (SEE BELOW) that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses,  Rice s lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in a letter to Graham.  Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify. Rice was the administration official who made the dozens of requests seeking to unmask the identities of Trump associates, which she said were for national security reasons and not politically motivated Read more: Daily CallerTHE LETTER FROM RICE S LAWYER:Dear Chairman Graham and Ranking Member Whitehouse:I write on behalf of my client, Ambassador Susan E. Rice, in response to Senator Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice to testify at a May 8, 2017 hearing before the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism entitled  Russian Interference in the 2016 United States Election. While Ambassador Rice commends the Subcommittee s efforts to examine this matter of extraordinary national significance, it is extremely rare for the Congress to request the testimony of a former senior advisor to the President given the longstanding and well-recognized separation of powers concerns at issue. Moreover, Chairman Graham s invitation was extended only after the hearing was noticed, less than two weeks before the hearing was scheduled to occur, and without consultation with Ambassador Rice, a professional courtesy that would customarily be extended to any witness. Notwithstanding the significance of these concerns, Ambassador Rice is prepared to assist Congressional inquiries into Russian election interference because of the important national interests at stake, provided they are conducted in a bipartisan manner, and as appropriate, in classified session.In this case, however, Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses. Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify.Again, and as Ambassador Rice has stated publicly, she supports and is committed to assisting the bipartisan Congressional inquiries into Russian interference in the 2016 election, given the utmost importance of this matter to our national security.Please contact me if you have any questions. Sincerely,Kathryn H. Ruemmler of LATHAM & WATKINS LLPSUSAN RICE HAS LIED NUMEROUS TIMES OVER THE YEARS Who could forget after Benghazi when Rice went on 5 morning shows and lied about the cause of the attack:",0
10982,BOMBSHELL BIOGRAPHY: “SELF-OBSESSED” BARACK OBAMA Asked WHITE Girlfriend To Marry Him…Dated Her While Engaged To Michelle,"The sex secrets of the young Barack Obama have been revealed in an authoritative new biography of the ex-president.The new book by Pulitzer Prize winning author David J. Garrow titled,  Rising  claims that Barack Obama proposed to Sheila Miyoshi Jager before he met MichelleGarrows book is full of bombshells about Barack Obama and the sacrifices he made early onIn a probing new biography,  Rising Star,  David J. Garrow attempts to do all that, but also something more: He tells us how Obama lived, and explores the calculations he made in the decades leading up to his winning the presidency. Garrow portrays Obama as a man who ruthlessly compartmentalized his existence; who believed early on that he was fated for greatness; and who made emotional sacrifices in the pursuit of a goal that must have seemed unlikely to everyone but him. Every step   whether his foray into community organizing, Harvard Law School, even the choice of whom to love   was not just about living a life but about fulfilling a destiny.It is in the personal realm that Garrow s account is particularly revealing. He shares for the first time the story of a woman Obama lived with and loved in Chicago, in the years before he met Michelle, and whom he asked to marry him. Sheila Miyoshi Jager, now a professor at Oberlin College, is a recurring presence in  Rising Star,  and her pained, drawn-out relationship with Obama informs both his will to rise in politics and the trade-offs he deems necessary to do so. Narrow, who received a Pulitzer Prize for his biography of Martin Luther King Jr., concludes this massive new work with a damning verdict on Obama s determination:  While the crucible of self-creation had produced an ironclad will, the vessel was hollow at its core.  -The Washington PostObama slept with his girlfriend Genevieve Cook on their first date, before she wrote him a poem about their  f***ing  and called their sex  passionate , the book about the former president reveals.They also took cocaine together   and after they split she slept with his best friend.Obama also considered a gay relationship while at college, twice proposed to another white girlfriend, and cheated on Michelle with his ex during the first year of their relationship. Obama, a new Columbia graduate who was working for a firm that  prepared financial reports at the time, made dinner for Cook at his apartment in Manhattan two weeks after meeting her at a New Year s Eve party and handing her his phone number.It was the start of a relationship which is one of a series revealed in Rising Star.It was written after exhaustive research by Pulitzer-prize winning biographer David Garrow, and also reveals how he asked another woman to marry him   and continued a relationship with her while dating Michelle, before she became his wife.Cook was 25 when she met 22-year-old Obama on New Year s Eve in 1983.Australian-born Cook was living in her mother and stepfather s Park Avenue apartment at the time, but had been brought up around the world, including   like Obama, Indonesia   as her father was an Australian spy and diplomat.But the couple also used drugs and Cook reveals that Obama was still a cocaine user when they were together.He would spend time with other friends   Hasan Chandoo, Imad Hussain and Sohale Siddiqi, who he had been friends with at Occidental College, in Los Angeles   and Cook said the trio was taking  lots of cocaine .They were far more prolific users than Obama, who she said probably preferred staying home to read than taking the drug. Chandoo   who was later to become a fundraiser for Obama   was the leader, the book claims. For every five lines that somebody did, he would have done half,  Cook said.The book also notes that Cook and Obama would smoke pot but only at parties and records one time when during tension in their relationship she wrote in her diary that they went to a party and got  high  on cocaine.That Obama was still using cocaine in his early 20s is a significant revelation.He had previously only disclosed that he used it as a teenage student.The couple split in June 1985, after a year and a half together, the book says.But she was hardly out of his life   because she became involved with his friend Sohale in September of that year.She and Sohale did ecstasy together, and then had sex. When she wrote to Obama and told him he replied:  The news of Sohale and you did hurt. He also used   possibly inadvertently   a racial slur to refer to Sohale and the other two Pakistani-born friends, calling them  the Pakis  in the same letter.",0
10983,"WATCH SEAN SPICER Slam Hillary With Great Sports Analogy On Election Loss: “Look, I’m a Patriots fan…” [Video]","Sean Spicer gave Hillary Clinton a little dig when he used the analogy of the Falcons vs Patriots game to explain the election last year. You ll love this! It s in response to Clinton s ridiculous claim that the press and Comey were to blame for her loss (see below). She needs to just go away! It s somewhat sad that we re still debating that the president won in the fashion he did Amen to that!The Media Research Center recently published a study showing that 91% of the coverage Donald Trump received during his campaign was considered negative or  hostile .Was it even necessary to prove that almost all of candidate Trump s media coverage was negative or  hostile  compared to Hillary Clinton s?  For the most part, the media mocked anyone who even suggested Hillary had a part in the Benghazi attack that took the lives of 4 innocent Americans. They ignored and even laughed at the brave victims who came forward and publicly accused Hillary of  enabling  her sexual predator husband, while referring to her as a  champion of women and girls . The media did everything in their power to push Hillary s email scandal to the bottom of the news pile, but were finally forced to address it when FBI Director James Comey came forward and announced his investigation into her unsecured email server that was being used for official State Department business.After several months of keeping a pretty low profile, Hillary is coming out with excuses about why she lost the election. The timing is a bit suspicious however after an inside account of Hillary s disastrous campaign was just released by an insider who wrote a tell-all book titled  Shattered  that offers a less than charitable view of the real Hillary Clinton.Watch Hillary in her latest video, as she hilariously blames the press for losing the election:Here s the second part of Hillary s appearance where she tells the crowd she was on her  way to victory  until FBI Director James Comey ruined it for her:Politico   In addition to receiving far more network coverage, the networks spent far more airtime focusing on the personal controversies involving Trump, such as his treatment of women, than controversies surrounding Clinton, such as her email practices or the Clinton Foundation.For the study, MRC analyzed all 588 evening news stories that either discussed or mentioned the presidential campaign on the ABC, CBS and NBC evening newscasts from July 29 through October 20 (including weekends). Of the total newscasts, the networks devoted 29 percent of their time to the campaign. The study did not include comments from the campaigns or candidates themselves, instead focusing on what the correspondents, anchors, expert commentators, and voters on the street said in order to try and hone in on any sort of slant from the networks.Though neither candidate was necessarily celebrated, Clinton largely just stayed out of the line of fire. Even when they were critical of Hillary Clinton   for concealing her pneumonia, for example, or mischaracterizing the FBI investigation of her e-mail server   network reporters always maintained a respectful tone in their coverage,  the study found.  This was not the case with Trump, who was slammed as embodying  the politics of fear,  or a  dangerous  and  vulgar   misogynistic bully  who had insulted vast swaths of the American electorate. It doesn t really surprise me, I think most people got the sense that this was a hostile place for Trump, the establishment media,  said Rich Noyes, director of research for the MRC.  I would say looking at the big picture, the Trump campaign and to a lesser extent Republicans in general wanted this to be a referendum on Obama   the Clinton campaign, the Democrats, once Trump was picked wanted this be a referendum on Donald Trump. Television news has for the past 12 weeks has been giving the Democrats the campaign they wanted. ",0
10984,FORMER BAYWATCH “BABE” Bonds With First Lady Melania Trump Over Unlikely Cause,"Pamela Anderson is best known for her role on the TV show Baywatch. Lately, she s getting attention for being the love of Wikileaks Julian Assange. That s why it s interesting that she s now somewhat of a fan of Melania Trump. It s interesting that Anderson praised Melania for not wearing fur to the inauguration because the First Lady has been pictured many times wearing fur. An unlikely cause or has Melania gone anti-fur? It is heartwarming to see you manage your position with such beauty and grace   Pamela AndersonOn Wednesday, the Baywatch alum shared a letter she received from the first lady.  Dear Melania, Thank you for your sweet note,  Anderson tweeted alongside an image of the letter.  It is heartwarming to see you manage your position with such beauty and grace. The note from Melania Trump thanked Anderson for sending a  beautiful eco-faux fur  from Russian faux-fur manufacturer Only Me. Melania Trump s letter concluded,  I am grateful for your support and encouraging words; they mean a great deal. Together, we can empower more women to stand up for their beliefs. Anderson sent the gift to FLOTUS in February, with a note that read,  Amid all the mania at the inauguration, you looked stunning in an outfit by Ralph Lauren   one of many fur-free designers. I am so happy that you chose not to wear fur! As first lady, you will help set style trends, and by remaining compassionate with your choices, you will warm the hearts of many. Anderson has been a longtime animal rights activist and member of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). In July 2015, she wrote an open letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin asking him to save endangered fin whales.This is an interesting choice for a common cause since Melania Trump has been pictured in many beautiful furs over the years. Is she now anti-fur?PAM ANDERSON AND WIKILEAKS  JULIAN ASSANGE AN ITEMIn April, the Playboy cover star opened up about her relationship with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who has been living in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since 2012. I understand that our  affair  and the curiosity surrounding that might bring some attention to his situation. That s fine, but I d rather not go into private details,  she told People.  Let s just say everyone deserves love. President Donald Trump has expressed that  it s OK  with him if the Justice Department wanted to charge Assange. Wonder what Anderson has to say about that?VIA: HOLLYWOOD REPORTER",0
10985,WIFE OF BRITISH MEDIC Calls Radio Show…Says Husband Processed Migrants With “ISIS Stuff” On Phones…Men Push Women And Children To Back Of Line For Treatment [VIDEO],"A caller to British radio host Katie Hopkins whose name is Jessica, called into Katie s show to relay a story to her about her formerly  bleeding heart liberal  husband who has come to have a  hatred of a certain demographic  after helping migrants who are arriving in migrant rescue boats. Jessica told Hopkins,  My husband is turning into a man I don t recognize anymore because of what he has physically seen. Jessica added that it was the way male migrants behaved in particular, that led to his change of heart.She told Katie:  It was a really, really traumatic time for him. He was doing three-week stints and they were picking bodies out of the sea. Babies, women, it was awful. But at the same time, he said they were processing men, adults, in their 30s who all had phones with Isis stuff on the phones, they were being separated. When they were being handed over to the authorities with the information explaining that these guys had all this on their phones, and what their ages were, and they were just being processed through. There was nothing, they were just being separated out, they just all went through with everything else, it broke his heart, because he was dealing with families who were in such a terrible state with young babies who so clearly needed rescuing. And yet you had adult males that were pushing women and children to the back of the queue they felt that they were more important. It s just an awful situation, and this was last year. He can t handle the way these women and children are treated by these men. There were hundreds and hundreds of women, children, men who were being picked out of the sea. Not all of them were refugees. He came home heartbroken. Absolutely heartbroken, because he s saying  I don t know how Europe is going to cope .She continued:  How are we supposed to process that as individuals? You know, he still has images that he has to deal with over a year later. We forget about the medics who deal with this, the soldiers that are dealing with this. The people that are processing these people. It s not just how are we going to process all these people, but how are we going to deal with the trauma of having to process these people? Having to make these decisions? Who do you treat first? A special thank you to Paul Joseph Watson for this video: Man who helped rescue  refugees  said many were men with ISIS content on phones who shoved women & children out of the way. pic.twitter.com/wH08TLf4xY  Paul Joseph Watson  (@PrisonPlanet) May 3, 2017Katie asked the caller how her husband is doing currently after seeing the vast number of migrants rescued this year already.Jessica said:  My husband is turning into, it s why I stopped him doing it, he s turning into a man I don t recognise anymore. Because my family think I m a bleeding heart liberal, and you know, I would just wave everyone in and say  come on, we ll help , and my husband was of a very similar opinion that people needed help. He s now turning into someone I don t recognise, because of what he has physically seen. He is starting to say this is not all people looking for help, there are people here who are out for their own self interest. She added:  It s just awful. And now he is building a hatred of a certain demograph[ic], that he has been exposed to because he s seen the way they behave.   LBCIs it too late for Europe? Have they allowed this unabated invasion of migrants from majority Muslim nations to their once  culturally distinct nations for too long? What will these bleeding heart nations look like in 5 years? How long will Americans sit back and allow bleeding heart liberals to call them  racists  or  xenophobes  because they don t want to see the fundamental transformation of the United States that Barack Obama promised would happen if we elected him as our president. Can President Trump stop this nightmare without the help of a Republican majority in both the House and Senate?",0
10986,LIBERAL AMERICAN STUDENT Gets Brutal Lesson In American Exceptionalism By Irish Journalist [Video],"Irish journalist and documentary filmmaker Ann McElhinney took down a clueless liberal student during a discussion on global warming Ann is the quickest and smartest at debate. This liberal picked on the wrong person The student insults Ann with the following comment: I can t take anything you said seriously because you said that washing machines were more liberating than the birth control pill,  the student yelled as a friend tried to calm her.  You don t know anything! You are the least credible human being I ve like ever encountered in my life. She then called Ann a  Goddamn idiot. Ann proceeded to give this student a BIG reality check on the EU and then American exceptionalism. Bravo Ann!On a side note- If you ever have the chance to hear Ann McElhinney speak, DO IT! She is one of the best speakers around!We ve had the pleasure of hearing her speak and came away very impressed!Her latest project is on the Gosnell abortion case:",0
10987,IRAN MAKES MAJOR Announcement About How They Plan To Use BILLIONS In “OBAMA-BUCK$” [VIDEO],"Iran is using the billions in cash resources provided under the landmark nuclear deal to engage in an unprecedented military buildup meant to transform the Islamic Republic s fighting force into an  offensive  juggernaut, according to a largely unreported announcement by Iranian military leaders that has sparked concern among U.S. national security insiders and sources on Capitol Hill.The shocking truth behind the US-Iran nuclear deal, as WSJ reports, is that John Kerry and the Obama Administration airlifted $1.7bn of cash in  compromise  payments (read   bribe) to Tehran to ensure the release of 4 captured sailors coincidentally the same weekend as the signing of the nuclear deal.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.Of course, senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo.  Zero HedgeIt now appears that Obama s chickens are coming home to roost Iranian officials announced late last month that Iran s defense budget had increased by 145 percent under President Hassan Rouhani and that the military is moving forward with a massive restructuring effort aimed at making it  a forward moving force,  according to regional reports.Iranian leaders have stated since the Iran deal was enacted that they are using the massive amounts of cash released under the agreement to fund the purchase of new military equipment and other armaments. Iran also has pursued multi-million dollar arms deals with Russia since economic sanctions were nixed as part of the deal.Leading members of Congress and U.S. officials working on the Iran portfolio suspect that at least a portion of the Obama administration s $1.7 billion cash payment to Iran  has been used to fund and support terrorists in the Middle East.The latest disclosure about Iran s military buildup is further fueling concerns that U.S. cash assets returned to the country which were released with no strings attached by the Obama administration are helping Iran pursue a more aggressive military stance against U.S. forces in the region. President Obama flat-out caved in to Iran when he handed them the disastrous nuclear deal and $1.7 billion in cash payments that could assist Iran s military,  Rep. Sean Duffy (R., Wis.), an opponent of the nuclear deal, told the Washington Free Beacon.  So it s no surprise that the world s lead sponsor of terrorism would feel emboldened to become more aggressive in the region and flex its military muscle. Iranian Brigadier General Kiumars Heidari announced the military buildup during Iran s annual Army Day. While the announcement did not grab many headlines in the Western media, national security insiders have been discussing the announcement for weeks, according to conversations with multiple sources.Iran s goal is to turn its army into an  offensive  force, a major shift from its historic role as a support agent for the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, or IRGC, Iran s extremely well funded primary fighting force.For entire story: Washington Free Beacon",0
10988,"WATCH TUCKER CARLSON’S Heated Debate With Delusional Illegal Activist: “I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.” [Video]","Tucker Carlson interviews Jose Antonio Vargas, CEO of Define America He gave Vargas a reality check!Vargas takes offense to the way Carlson is framing this? It s difficult for this illegal to face reality.He says,  I was an undocumented immigrant in this country  yet he doesn t think he s illegal.Vargas:  My protest yesterday was as an undocumented immigrant, one of 11 million who are viewed as criminals,  let s pause here for a moment . . . that is one illegal immigrant too many and you ARE criminals . . . now we ll continue,  my own way of protesting was just   actually   very quietly and respectfully thinking about what it means to be an immigrant in the Trump era, right? So that, that, that was my way,  he stutters on smugly.Tucker replied,  Okay, well thank you for not breaking anything . . . I m not accusing you of setting fires, I m merely saying: where are people who agree with these folks standing up and saying  you re not allowed to do this, you can t block traffic, you can t break things, you can t set fires , it  pretty simple. Vargas replies,  This issue is not just quote-un-quote political, it s personal   we re talking about millions of people who are related to undocumented people that you call  criminal illegals  everyday, right?  Tucker aptly jumps in and asks of Vargas,  What should I call people who are here illegally? Should I pretend they re not here illegally?  Vargas, in a flustered state, tries to belittle Tucker,  You ask me to come on your show, pretty much once a week, and I come here as an undocumented person . . . Tucker interrupts Vargas:  You may be overstating it a little bit, I think this is the third time   but here s the point,  Tucker begins before Vargas cuts him off,  Here s the point, I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.  Tucker jumps in with a perfect line,  But I robbed a liquor store yesterday, which is illegal, but I m not illegal . . . I don t even know what the point you re making is, I m not saying you re a bad person, I m saying your status is in violation of the law. The way your framing it Carlson then says,  actually I was just playing video from yesterday TRUTH! Spare me the nonsense!    Tucker CarlsonVia: Gateway Pundit",0
10989,#SteveBannon’s Secret “To Do” List Is Accidentally Captured In Photo…Democrat Heads Will Explode When They See This,"President Trump s Chief Strategist Steve Bannon just accidentally revealed his  to do  list to the world. Bannon writes down his  to do  lists on a whiteboard in his office. The board appears to be totally full of things to work on a good sign that Bannon is continuing his work FOR the people of America Thank you Mr. Bannon for standing by your promises even though others have caved.Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, a Jewish author who went to meet  Bannon, got his picture taken with the Trump advisor but it was right in front of the whiteboard. The Rabbi then posted the picture to Twitter. From what s been revealed on the whiteboard, immigration policies are front and center for Bannon. Two parts which stand out are:  new extreme vetting,  and  Build the Border Wall and eventually make Mexico Two of these are  finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracker  and  sunset visa so that Congress is forced to revisit and revise .The white board also promises revisited health care policies and a tax reform.This is what the readable parts of the board say:Pledges on Obamacare Repeal and replace ObamacarePledges on Tax Reform Create a 10% repatriation tax  Lower the corporate tax to 15%  Eliminate the estate tax  Eliminate the carried interest loophole  Pledges on Immigration Cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities  Suspend immigration from terror-prone regions  Implement new extreme immigration vetting tech   Suspend the Syrian Refugee Program  Create support for victims of illegal immigration  Expand and revitalize the popular 287(g) program  Issue detainers for all illegal immigrants who are for any crime, and they will be placed in removal proceedings  End  Catch-And-Release   Hire 5,000 more Border Patrol agents  Restore the Secure Communities Program  Triple the number of ICE agents  Build the border wall and eventually make Mexico .  Sunset our visa laws so that Congress is forced to revise and revisit them  Finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracking   Propose Passage of Davis-Oliver bill  Immediately terminate Obama s  two illegal   pass  Kate s LawRead more: Telegraph",0
10990,Proposed Budget Deal Is MUCH WORSE On U.S. Border Security Than We Originally Thought,"Only a few days after his inauguration, President Donald Trump moved aggressively to tighten the nation s immigration policies Wednesday, signing executive actions to jumpstart construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall and block federal grants from immigrant-protecting  sanctuary cities. Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders,  Trump declared during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security.  We are going to save lives on both sides of the border. Trump cast his actions as fulfillment of a campaign pledge to enact hard-line immigration measures, including construction of a wall paid for by Mexico. With the families of Americans killed by people living in the U.S. illegally sitting in the audience, Trump said,  When it comes to public safety, there is no place for politics. Trump cast his actions as fulfillment of a campaign pledge to enact hard-line immigration measures, including construction of a wall paid for by Mexico. With the families of Americans killed by people living in the U.S. illegally sitting in the audience, Trump said,  When it comes to public safety, there is no place for politics.   PBSAlthough the source of funding for a border wall was never really clear, most Americans believed with a Republican majority in both the House and Senate, funding for a secure border wall, as part of our national security was a no-brainer. Conservative Review   The proposed budget deal before the House of Representatives is playing out like a bad replay of the latter Obama era: A Republican-controlled Congress   given the power of the purse by the American people   giving away the farm to Democrat demands.But the capitulation is far worse than one may realize. It s not just the lack of new funding for a southern border wall; this omnibus, which funds countless liberal priorities, prohibits existing funds from being used on any sort of border wall as well.According to a Congressional Research Service report from January, the Department of Homeland Security could have taken non-obligated funds and used them to put structures along areas of the border already spelled out in the Secure Fence Act of 2006 mandating a double-layered fence. Indeed, nothing in current law would appear to bar DHS from installing hundreds of miles of additional physical barriers,  it contends,  at least so long as this action was determined appropriate to deter illegal crossings in areas of high illegal entry or was deemed warranted to achieve  operational control  of the southern border. It s important to remember that the requirement to construct  no less than 700 miles  of border fencing (originally 850 miles) has been the law on the books for over a decade. Obama used waiver authority and very loose discretion (thanks to the weakening of the law in 2008) to skirt the requirement.Now that Trump wants to fulfill the existing mandate, Congress really has a moral obligation to honor the existing statutory authorization with sufficient appropriations. This is not some Trump boondoggle; this is a law passed with major bipartisan support in 2006.What the current proposal does is not only not fund a border wall, but it s so specifically worded as to prohibit any of the currently allocated funds from going to construction on the project. The bill actually rescinds $21 million in unobligated funds for border fencing.This means that even previous resources cannot be used on new construction as well, thereby tying the administration s hands and essentially weakening current law. Without this language, Trump could theoretically begin entering into contracts so that by the time the September funding bill is signed, he can hit the ground running with new funding (not that he will fight then, either). So, rather than take what money exists and use that to start negotiating contracts, run studies, and do whatever else is conceivable on physical border security between now and when Congress revisits this never-ending budget circus in September, nothing except for maintenance on the current, insufficient structure will be permitted.Meanwhile, the current budget retains provisions either providing funds specifically for, or predicating them upon, border security in countries such as Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Pakistan, Libya, Ethiopia, and other countries  affected by extremism. That is not to say that the security of these borders against the likes of jihadists aren t our concern, or that these provisions ought not to exist. Assisting in physically stopping the flow of terrorist arms and personnel across borders is but one basic tool to be employed in the global fight against Sharia supremacism. But the juxtaposition of these is telling.A Republican Congress is willing to pass a bill that realizes border security is necessary for countries across the ocean, but will sacrifice not only a symbol of our own sovereignty, but a physical means of protecting it (the only effective way of tackling the policy and political problems with open borders). ",0
10991,LATE NIGHT HOST Goes Low In Anti-Trump Rant With ‘Homophobic’ Slur [Video],"COLBERT   LANGUAGE WARNING! This late night host is one angry dude! He does everything he can to try and rip on President Trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.The disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. You can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. If this was said about anyone else, Colbert would be in hot water but this is against Trump so it s ok. Isn t that pitiful How low can Colbert go? Not much lower Stephen Colbert unleashed a torrent of anti-Trump jokes on his show Monday night, ending with a c*ck-in-Trump s-mouth jab. The 12-minute tirade was dedicated to the 100-day mark in Trump s presidency, and Colbert went after Trump with a vengeance. The jokes included,  The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin s c*ck holster. Go to the 11:13 mark for the rant   language warning:READ MORE: TMZ",0
10992,LAURA INGRAHAM ON FIRE: Nails Republicans On These Key Points In Budget Battle [Video],"Laura Ingraham is dialed in on the Republican s inability to get a good budget bill. She held up the Washington Post to show how Pelosi and Schumer are celebrating the victory of the budget. The Democrats got pretty much everything they wanted at the expense of the American people. We do not have a Republican Party on Capitol Hill that can get its act together.    Laura IngrahamLet s face it the Republicans didn t fight for us and Ingraham knows it. She mentions key parts of the spending bill in her rant on Fox & Friends. We re happy she mentioned the ***Refugee Resettlement Program because that s one part of the bill that we re very disappointed in. The Refugee Resettlement Program is so bloated and needs to be overhauled or defunded altogether. We re sick about it:The bill would include a total of $3 billion towards migration and refugee assistance, which is roughly the same that was spent in Fiscal Year 2016. It would also include $50 million towards the emergency refugee and migration assistance fund, which is also the same amount spent in the previous fiscal year. Via: Daily Caller***For more information: Refugee Resettlement ",0
10993,BLACK STUDENT With Hot Glue Gun Causes Elite LIBERAL COLLEGE To Lock-Down Campus,"After a sighting of black student with a hot glue gun caused the tolerant, liberal campus of Colgate quickly jumped into action and locked down the school. The university president took swift action, blamed the Campus Safety Director and quickly placed him on administrative leave until an investigation is completed. There have been no shots fired Colgate University locked down its campus today, after a student spotted an  armed individual  who was actually holding a hot glue gun.The upstate New York university s official Twitter account tweeted out a warning late Monday urging students to seek shelter. The tweets warned there was an  armed person  on campus, although there were  no reports of shots fired. But shortly before midnight, the lockdown was lifted. In a statement to students, Colgate announced that  after thorough investigation, and with the assistance of the person in question, law enforcement identified the individual as a student who was using a glue gun for an art project. Students on social media quickly reported that the glue-toting student was African-American, and grumbled that race may have played a factor. In an additional statement Tuesday morning, Colgate President Brian W. Casey confirmed the student s race and apologized.  WFBColgate Alert: Because of a dangerous situation in the Coop, everyone is advised to leave the building.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Colgate Alert: There is an armed person at the Coop. Find a safe space and remain indoors. If you are off-campus,stay away.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Law enforcement is on campus for reports of an alleged armed person in the Coop. They are searching the building.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Campus safety officials report there have been no shots fired. Situation is still under investigation. Updates as available.  Colgate University (@colgateuniv) May 2, 2017Colgate University President made the following statement: This morning I received an update from Campus Safety regarding the events of last night, details of which I want to share with the campus. Please know that I have called for a thorough, deeper review of all matters related to last night from the original reporting of the events to the University s response. I will have this report within ten days and I will share its findings with the campus.At a few minutes before 8 PM last night a Colgate student called Colgate Campus Safety reporting that they had seen a black male entering the Coop, carrying what appeared to be a gun. A few minutes later, Campus Safety sent out the first of two campus announcements, the first identifying an  Emergency Situation  and the second indicating, in a profound error, that there was an active shooter on the campus. (The remaining campus notices last night were sent out by our Communications Office and an emergency response team.)After the initial report, Campus Safety contacted local law enforcement units, which proceeded to engage in steps associated with reports of a person with a gun in a public setting. Only after it was determined that the person in the Coop was a Colgate student who had a glue gun needed for an art project was Campus Safety able to end the campus lockdown.To more fully understand the events of last night, we are in contact with the student who had the glue gun and will be with the student who made the initial report. Importantly, I am also in contact with those who were making the essential administrative decisions last night.It is important that we understand the role that implicit racial bias had in the initial reporting of and responses to the events of last night. I want to make sure we speak with those who made and received the initial report to understand the role this played.More egregiously, perhaps, was the effect profiling had on the response of safety officers and other University offices to these events. In addition, communication and enforcement steps were taken that, I believe, confused and harmed this campus and our students. As a first step, I have asked Campus Safety Director Bill Ferguson, who was leading university security efforts last night, to take an administrative leave from his position effective immediately while we conduct a review of the events of last night.This has been a difficult, painful several hours on this campus. My obligation is, first, to demand a full accounting of what happened. My next obligation is to take steps to ensure the safety of all Colgate students, faculty and staff. My final obligation my desire is to improve Colgate. If there is anything that can and should come from these events it must be that concrete steps are taken to make Colgate a better place, and a university worthy of both regard and respect. ",0
10994,CUBANS BRUTALLY ATTACK Brave Man Waving US Flag In Front Of Communist Parade [Video],"This is what having no freedom of speech looks like This guy is awesome! I use whatever flag I want because I am free. I am not a hypocrite, not like all the Cubans marching yesterday [the 2016 May Day march]   all those Cubans are hypocrites,  he told his detractors. He went on to praise the U.S. flag as the  pride of the Americans  and assert,  I don t fear the government. Daniel Llorente is the brave pro-American Cuban dissident who interrupted Monday s May Day parade in Havana, running in front of the marching throngs waving an American flag. A communist mob attacked him, beating him and dragging him away.The man, identified as Daniel Llorente, has previously waged similar protests against the communist regime of dictator Ra l Castro and has expressed vocally his support for the American government.Video of the incident shows that Llorente took off running in front of the throngs, waving an American flag before the likeness of mass murderer Ernesto  Che  Guevara in the Plaza of the Revolution, waiting to march just moments before the May Day parade was to begin, shouting anti-government slogans. A group of men waiting on the sidelines, who have not been identified in reports, restrained, beat, and dragged Llorente away. Every major Cuban government leader, including dictator Castro, was in attendance.The Miami-based outlet Mart  Noticias identified the man as Llorente, a freelance cab driver and dissident, but does not belong to any dissident organizations. Instead, he has used his American flag to protest on previous occasions by waving it before public congregations. A year ago, Llorente protested before a crowd awaiting the first American cruise ship s arrival in Havana, the Adonia. Llorente greeted the ship waving an American flag and shouting  Yes we can! , the famous slogan of President Barack Obama s first presidential campaign. The government organized a rabble to berate Llorente with racial epithets, and Llorente responded by asserting his freedom.Read more: Breitbart",0
10995,HILLARY GIVES HILARIOUS Reason For Losing Election: “I Was On The Way To Winning” [VIDEO],"The Media Research Center recently published a study showing that 91% of the coverage Donald Trump received during his campaign was considered negative or  hostile .Was it even necessary to prove that almost all of candidate Trump s media coverage was negative or  hostile  compared to Hillary Clinton s?  For the most part, the media mocked anyone who even suggested Hillary had a part in the Benghazi attack that took the lives of 4 innocent Americans. They ignored and even laughed at the brave victims who came forward and publicly accused Hillary of  enabling  her sexual predator husband, while referring to her as a  champion of women and girls . The media did everything in their power to push Hillary s email scandal to the bottom of the news pile, but were finally forced to address it when FBI Director James Comey came forward and announced his investigation into her unsecured email server that was being used for official State Department business.After several months of keeping a pretty low profile, Hillary is coming out with excuses about why she lost the election. The timing is a bit suspicious however after an inside account of Hillary s disastrous campaign was just released by an insider who wrote a tell-all book titled  Shattered  that offers a less than charitable view of the real Hillary Clinton.Watch Hillary in her latest video, as she hilariously blames the press for losing the election:Here s the second part of Hillary s appearance where she tells the crowd she was on her  way to victory  until FBI Director James Comey ruined it for her:Politico   In addition to receiving far more network coverage, the networks spent far more airtime focusing on the personal controversies involving Trump, such as his treatment of women, than controversies surrounding Clinton, such as her email practices or the Clinton Foundation.For the study, MRC analyzed all 588 evening news stories that either discussed or mentioned the presidential campaign on the ABC, CBS and NBC evening newscasts from July 29 through October 20 (including weekends). Of the total newscasts, the networks devoted 29 percent of their time to the campaign. The study did not include comments from the campaigns or candidates themselves, instead focusing on what the correspondents, anchors, expert commentators, and voters on the street said in order to try and hone in on any sort of slant from the networks.Though neither candidate was necessarily celebrated, Clinton largely just stayed out of the line of fire. Even when they were critical of Hillary Clinton   for concealing her pneumonia, for example, or mischaracterizing the FBI investigation of her e-mail server   network reporters always maintained a respectful tone in their coverage,  the study found.  This was not the case with Trump, who was slammed as embodying  the politics of fear,  or a  dangerous  and  vulgar   misogynistic bully  who had insulted vast swaths of the American electorate. It doesn t really surprise me, I think most people got the sense that this was a hostile place for Trump, the establishment media,  said Rich Noyes, director of research for the MRC.  I would say looking at the big picture, the Trump campaign and to a lesser extent Republicans in general wanted this to be a referendum on Obama   the Clinton campaign, the Democrats, once Trump was picked wanted this be a referendum on Donald Trump. Television news has for the past 12 weeks has been giving the Democrats the campaign they wanted. ",0
10996,HOW PAUL RYAN JUST Made A Mockery Of Trump’s Promise To Protect Blue-Collar Jobs From Foreign Workers,"The bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for Trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from Congress to the Department of Homeland Security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting H-2B contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for Trump s blue-collar voters.The new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases, just 18 months before the mid-term elections when voters will vet the success or not of Trump s  Buy American, Hire American  policies.The H-2B language was hidden deep in the draft 2017 supplemental budget   which is to face House and Senate votes this week   and it surprised opponents of the legislation. In December 2016, Ryan had agreed to trim the program when the partial 2017 budget deal was announced just one month after blue-collar voters backed Donald Trump s campaign promise of a low-immigration, high-wage national economic policy.Apparently nothing is going to change, as long as Speaker Ryan remains at the helm. Watch: Immigration expert Mark Krikorian tweeted aboutHere's the text of the #H2B ""returning workers"" loophole that makes a mockery of the law's numerical ""limits"". https://t.co/G7dc1Qpmaz pic.twitter.com/Hf4UPjwJB4  Mark Krikorian (@MarkSKrikorian) May 1, 2017The language in the 2017 budget says the Department of Homeland Security has the authority to exceed the supposed 66,000 annual cap on H-2B outsourcing visas by a number equal to the maximum number of workers who benefited from an earlier exemption, dubbed the  returning worker exemption. Via: Breitbart",0
10997,EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HEAR THIS: Radical Democrat Chair Openly Reveals The Shocking Agenda Of The Democrat Party During May Day Speech [Video],"Tom Perez decided to go there yesterday when he said during his May Day speech that  no human being is illegal .So now the Democrats are coming out with the truth they are openly advocating for open borders. Pretty unbelievable, huh? They used to at least attempt to hide the fact that they are for open borders, but now it s out in the open. Could it be that the Dem Chariman Tom Perez is connected to the pro-open borders radical group La Raza?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFoLUXm3gQoTom Perez has been going around spouting profanity against the Republicans in a new effort to try and win votes we think this is great for the Republicans. Who wants to hear profanity laden speeches?One of the latest speeches with profanity showed a young kid right next to Perez during the speech! Who does that?Perez refused to say President Trump s name: Our most important power is not the mister in the White House, I can t even mention his name, the power is with all of you He then claimed that no one is illegal: No human being is illegal, we must treat everyone with dignity DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech:He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats.Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT BELOW:Newly elected Democrat Chair Tom Perez went a little bonkers with a rant on how he wants the Dems to think Trump didn t win the election. The Democrats are trying to discredit Trump at every turn but they re losing. The American people want good policy and NOT political turmoil. That s exactly why Trump won! People are sick to death of this type of outright lying to sway people to your side.Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. ",0
10998,BREAKING: PAUL RYAN Nervously Giggles During Budget Speech That DOESN’T Fund A Border Wall [Video],"Paul Ryan nervously giggled during the Republican announcement of the budget and Obamacare replacement this morning. It s interesting to watch all of the Republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items THEY consider to be positive. Ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.Why does the left bother with  Resistance  theatrics when the Republican Congress funds their entire wish list anyway?Is funding the NIH (National Institutes for Health) with 2 BILLION dollars a good thing? That bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. Remember shrimp on a treadmill? Drunk monkeys? Yes, this is the organization that gives out YOUR tax dollars to people to do crazy experiments that are honestly wasteful.The other things like funding Sanctuary Cities? Is anyone else puzzled by this?Why are the Republicans constantly trying to appease the Democrats?Please skip to the 5:15 mark in the video:This is a loser spending bill for the American people!",0
10999,TUCKER CARLSON BLASTS Head Of White House Press Assoc: “Do you think it’s ok that there are zero registered Republicans in the WH Press Corp?” [Video],"Tucker Carlson had the Head of the White House Press Association on tonight .It was a slugfest!This was a tense exchange because it was a personal gripe from Carlson who was speaking about the business of journalism .Jeff Mason was a deer in the headlights:HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE INTERVIEW: Tucker hit him hard when he said he d  never seen a lamer speaker  at the event Ouch!He went on to say,  The whole evening was arranged around a guy who wasn t there President TrumpThe best part of the interview was when he confirmed with a question that there a no Republicans in the WH press corp How many registered Republicans in the White House press corp? Zero! Let s just drop the pretense the press in Washington hates Donald Trump You ve gotta love Tucker s hard hitting interview style with people like this. He hammered home the truth and made the guy come clean about the bias in the Washington Press.",0
11000,CITIZEN JOURNALIST Enters WH Press Room Yells Questions To Press…Liberals Have A Hissy Fit! [VIDEO],"REAL journalism hit Washington today! One of our favorite citizen journalists went at the main stream media full force. The video below is what happens when you turn the tables on the press they freak out. They can t handle it. Notice how the reporters in the video below are a little shocked when the tables are turned and someone yells a question to them. You ll love the question too! This is a classic!WASHINGTON   The journalist who scooped the establishment media and unmasked Susan Rice as a key figure in the Obama administration spying scandal turned the tables Monday and grilled White House reporters about how they are doing their jobs.Or not doing them As soon as Press Secretary Sean Spicer concluded his daily briefing and left the room, documentary filmmaker Mike Cernovich addressed reporters and loudly asked,  Why will nobody here cover the violence against Trump supporters? A confused hush fell over the room as reporters, unaccustomed to being on the receiving end of shouted questions, tried to figure out what was going on.But Cernocivh immediately continued,  And why won t you demand that leaders of the Democrats disavow the violence by Antifa the way you demanded Trump disavow violence from his supporters? He then answered his own question by telling the room:  This has been completely covered up. You have no answer. Are you a journalist?  asked April Ryan, White House correspondent and Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks. I am, madame. I am a reporter, I am a documentary filmmaker,  he repliedAfter today's press briefing was compete, a journalist asked about political violence by the left. Real journalism, finally! pic.twitter.com/EjLuBk3dZR  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) May 1, 2017THEN THE ATTACKS CAME FROM THE ANGRY LEFTTHE TYPICAL NAME CALLING YOU D EXPECT FROM THE LEFT She must be one of Liz Warren s  Nasty Women Read more: wnd",0
11001,"BREAKING NEWS: NYPD Cracking Down On Anti-Trump Terror Groups…WATCH Police ARREST Antifa Terrorists For Wearing Masks, Burning Flags [VIDEO]","Antifa terrorists have gathered in major cities across the world today to protest in solidarity against capitalism and free speech. In Paris, police officers were just lit on fire after being hit with petrol bombs by Antifa terrrorists. In LA, Antifa protesters were outnumbered by Trump supporters who showed up to rally on behalf of our president. In DC, Antifa thugs disrupted the streets with threats of violence. https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/859159780233015297Paris is like a war-zone!France needs  #LEPEN @TEN_GOPBREAKING: Paris is in total chaos again, looks like a war zone. #MayDay2017 IS CHAOSpic.twitter.com/J35tuhUZ20  @THETRUMPBUREAU (@THETRUMPBUREAU) May 1, 2017In New York City, police are doing their best to get the situation under control while Antifa terrorists ignore their commands: #MayDay2017 protesters (ANTIFA) are disobeying lawful commands by the NYPD. They are being arrested en masse. pic.twitter.com/h51va4sOdm  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) May 1, 2017NYPD officers are demanding that cowardly Antifa terrorists unmask themselves or face being arrested:The NYPD is telling ANTIFA to unmask themselves or be subject to arrest. #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/iwn5smNpWq  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) May 1, 2017More arrests were taking place on the streets of NYC after Antifa and communist protesters were  unlawfully disrupting the safe flow of traffic . They were warned by the police on a loudspeaker, but continued to block pedestrians from moving safely along the sidewalk. This is potentially a very dangerous and threatening situation for visitors to NYC and residents trying to get to and from work in the city.https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/859165166092656642NYPD show these Antifa terrorists they re not messing around in this video, as they arrest an Antifa coward burning an American flag. The Antifa terror group becomes angered after the arrest and start to close in on the officers. The police handle the situation perfectly and should be commended for addressing these terrorists in such a professional manner. OOPS! It looks like someone s going to be getting a little break from their parent s basement tonight: https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/859177599435776000",0
11002,HUH? SENATOR WARREN Wants To Cut Conservatives Open After They Die [Video],"Senator Elizabeth Warren must be doing whatever Nancy Pelosi is doing The very strange comment by Warren must require translation because we hope she didn t mean what she said!What is it anyway with the women in the Democrat Party? Pelosi, Warren and Maxine Waters are all having bizarre moments on camera. Keep it up ladies! It just means more votes for Republicans!https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858742017521631232Senator Warren is known for her off color and strange speeches Remember the  Nasty woman  speech?Liz Warren appeared with Hillary Clinton today and delivered a man-hating rant like no other. She was spewing so much hate towards Trump but missed any substance in policy issues. She did parrot the free college mantra and gave a shocked comment on how she couldn t believe people have to pay for an education. Can you say she s way out of touch? Yikes!Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma): ""Get this Donald: nasty women are tough, nasty women are smart, and nasty women vote.  pic.twitter.com/rUIw7Yzxc8  CSPAN (@cspan) October 24, 2016",0
11003,BREAKING #MayDay : Journalist Attacked For Asking May Day Protesters Why They’re Carrying North Korean Flag [Video],"WASHINGTON, D.C.   May Day is the day for commies to come out in force The Antifa thugs are proudly marching for communism but when a journalist asked why they were carrying a North Korean flag, this happened:Jack Posobiec Attacked by Antifa   Uses Reasonable Force for Self Defense https://t.co/1HQ606sJBt  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017 Attacked again Assaulted by Antifa again and I defended myself #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/3DDqK1nAYn  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The Antifa medics say  We expect violence Antifa yells ""Can I get a shoutout on 4chan!"" #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/QNA8qxULt7  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017The hate for America is big! The sign below says:  SMASH THE STATE AMERICA WAS NEVER GREAT Antifa just can t help but be violent   they have proven to be total thugs! They even sell knives on their website! They were successful in threatening the city of Portland until they shut down a traditional parade:PORTLAND ANTIFA SHUTS DOWN TRADITIONAL PARADE:The irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in Portland, Oregon is that now the Antifa (Anti Fascists) have pissed off the more moderate lefties. One group was going to speak at the parade event against white supremacy but now they won t get the chance. It s turning out that the Antifa group is more violent than any other radical group we ve known. They re even selling knives on their website!  A threatening email has derailed one of the Portland Rose Festival s signature events, and spurred new debate about the ongoing political protests in Portland.Organizers of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade announced Tuesday that the event will be canceled, for fear that the east Portland parade could be disrupted by  the type of riots which happen in downtown Portland.  (see video below)Originally scheduled this Saturday, April 29, the parade is meant to highlight the local community and businesses along Southeast 82nd Avenue, aiming to turn around the negative perception many people have of the area. It started in 2007 and has since become a popular event on the Rose Festival calendar.This year s parade was once again set to feature the Multnomah County Republican Party as one of the many groups slated to march, but that inclusion drew ire from some of the city s left-leaning protest groups.At least two protests were planned for the day of the parade, one by Oregon Students Empowered and another by Direct Action Alliance. Both events were mentioned in an email sent to parade organizers on Saturday, threatening to shut down the event with hundreds of protesters in the street. You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely,  the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group s registration or else face action from protesters.  This is non-negotiable. The parade is organized by the 82nd Avenue of Roses Business Association, a part of the neighborhood business organization Venture Portland. Representatives from neither organization returned calls for comment.The cancelation isn t necessarily a win for the protest groups. Jacob Bureros, an organizer with the Direct Action Alliance, said the organization   which intended to speak out against fascism and white supremacy during the parade   is sad to hear the news. We are disappointed that the parade was canceled,  he said.  We re members of this community and this is an awesome parade. James Buchal, chairman of the Multnomah County Republican Party, said his group was ready to march despite the protesters. He said the party had no hand in cancelling the event, and was taken by surprise when they heard the news. After seeing the email last weekend, they had no plans to back out. We weren t willing to just walk away quietly,  he said.  The next thing we knew the whole thing was canceled. The problem is the police said they couldn t offer additional security for the parade so the organizers backed out. We know the Portland Police Department can move to stop this type of activity.Check out this recent shut down of protesters blocking a bus in downtown Portland:Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha! Read more: Oregon Live",0
11004,SPINELESS GOP PROVES MAJORITY Means Nothing …Senator Schumer Brags About Not Funding Border Wall: “Budget Deal Reflects Democrats’ Principles”,"Wow! Republicans had a chance to stand up to the Democrats and fight for the border wall, as well as other issues that got President Trump and many Republican members of Congress elected. The swamp monsters first attempt at backing our president and his efforts to make America Great Again however, proved to be an epic failure. Meanwhile, Democrats who are the minority party in both the House and Senate are gloating over the power they still wield over our spineless leadership in the GOP Top Capitol Hill negotiators reached an agreement on a huge $1 trillion-plus spending bill that avoids a government shutdown, aides said on Sunday.The deal means virtually all the day-to-day-operations of the federal government will be funded until September.It was a victory for Trump, who got an extra $15billion to strengthen the military and another $1.5billion to enhance border security.However, he lost out on the funding he needed for the US-Mexico-border wall, a promise that was one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign.Details of the agreement were expected to be made public Sunday night, said aides to lawmakers involved in weeks of negotiations. The House and Senate had until midnight Friday to pass a measure to avert a government shutdown.  Daily Mail White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said earlier in April that the shutdown fight was  the first real test of whether or not the Democrats   specifically in the Senate   are interested in negotiating, interested in compromising. The White House last week dropped its demand for immediate funding for the border wall after Democrats said it would result in a government shutdown because they would not vote for any bill that included it. The White House also dropped its threat to stop paying federal subsidies to insurance companies that offer lower-cost coverage to low-income Americans. Trump had threatened to stop paying the subsidies to force Democrats to support legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare.Here s a look at the trillion dollar budget that was passed by Republican majority Congress and Democrat minority.  We ve highlighted budget items where Democrats and RINO s in Congress came together to vote against promises President Trump made to voters who elected him.  Once those two major stumbling blocks to a deal were removed, negotiators had just a few remaining issues to resolve over the weekend.While Republicans hold majorities in the House and Senate, the GOP needs Democratic votes in both chambers to pass the funding bill. In the closely divided Senate, the GOP has a slim majority of 52 seats in a chamber where 60 votes are required to pass the legislation. In the House, Republican leaders need help from Democrats because some conservatives will oppose any bill that increases spending.Democrats used that leverage to get concessions from the White House on the border wall and Obamacare while also getting extra money for medical research and other domestic programs. At the same time, Democrats agreed to beef up defense and border security, allowing the White House to claim at least a partial victory.   USA Today",0
11005,PRICELESS! BILL MAHER CALLS Senator Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas” During Interview [VIDEO],"Bill Maher began his interview with the yawn-inducing Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren and the best hope for a presidential candidate in 2020, by hitting her with some bad news Democrats are losing. After she came out faking enthusiasm for the liberal California audience, Warren who is best known for lying on a job application to Harvard and the University of Pennsylvania, where she checked the  Native American  box, starts out telling Maher,  People all across this country are energized.  (Is she talking about Antifa and basement dwellers who are collecting a paycheck from various George Soros groups for occasionally rolling out of bed, grabbing a face-mask and a baseball bat from their father s garage and going out to threaten the free-speech of Trump supporters?)Maher reminded her,  They may be all energized but they don t have a Democratic governor, a Democratic senator or a Democratic parliament. The first 5 minutes of Warren s yawn-inducing interview is filled with whining about how her progressive agenda is being ignored and how capitalism needs to be addressed and taken down.Maher quickly reminds her that from 1980-2015 when many of the economy-killing regulations were implemented that many Democrats were responsible for passing. He asked her,  Don t the Democrats bear some responsibility for that? At about the 6 minute mark, Bill Maher begins to whine about Trump s tax plan and reminds  Pocahontas  that Trump s fans are not with her. Warren tells Maher,  Actually, I m gonna push back, I disagree.  Maher interrupts her,  His fans are not with you. They don t like you Pocahontas. Watch starting at the 6:00 minute mark:",0
11006,PRESIDENT TRUMP To CBS This Morning: “I have no relationship with Barack Obama” [VIDEO],"Here is a bit of the transcript of their discussion via CBS:JOHN DICKERSON: Did President Obama give you any advice that was helpful? That you think, wow, he really was DONALD TRUMP:   Well, he was very nice to me. But after that, we ve had some difficulties. So it doesn t matter. You know, words are less important to me than deeds. And you  you saw what happened with surveillance. And everybody saw what happened with surveillance JOHN DICKERSON: Difficulties how?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP:   and I thought that   well, you saw what happened with surveillance. And I think that was inappropriate, but that s the way JOHN DICKERSON: What does that mean, sir?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: You can figure that out yourself.JOHN DICKERSON: Well, I  the reason I ask is you said he was  you called him  sick and bad .PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Look, you can figure it out yourself. He was very nice to me with words, but  and when I was with him   but after that, there has been no relationship. ""Words are less important to me than deeds."" President Trump on why he now has ""no relationship"" w former President Obama. #WHThisMorning pic.twitter.com/16UimVudb3  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) May 1, 2017JOHN DICKERSON: Every president makes the Oval Office theirs. What have you done to make this yours?PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, a lot of things. We had these incredible flags including the American flags.  And they were in different rooms.  And they were always being pushed around because they didn t have enough room.  And I said,  How beautiful, the base, the flags, Army, Navy, Marine Corps.  I mean, just so beautiful.  Just so beautiful.  The Coast Guard flag over here.And I said,  Well, let s see how they look in the Oval Office.  So the flags were up. The picture of Thomas Jefferson I put up. The picture of Andrew Jackson I put up because they said his campaign and my campaign tended to mirror each other. So we did a lot of  actually we did a lot of work. It s it s a much it s a much different   look than it was previously.",0
11007,THE GUY WHO Punched “Moldylocks” Speaks Out About Violent Antifa Female With A Bottle [VIDEO],"Nathan Domingo is the founder of  Identity Europa  and is the guy who was seen by millions of viewers punching a female Antifa thug the media tried to portray as a helpless woman that just happened to be in the area when fighting broke out at a free speech rally in Berkeley, CA on April 16th.The last time these two group clashed, the Trump supporters were seriously outnumbered. This time was a different story. Trump supporters came prepared for the unprovoked attacks of these hate groups and took them to task. With all the violence that happened yesterday, leftist media outlets seemed to be obsessed with reporting on the video that was taken of an alleged Trump supporter who punched an antifa female who was part of the violent group  Oak Roots Collective  that traveled to Berkeley to confront Trump supporters and shut down their right to free speech.Here s the video. At the 18 second mark you can see the woman cock her arm back as though she is about to swing her arm at someone. When she brings her arm forward, that is where she gets hit. We are NOT condoning the hitting of a woman by a man, but if she had a bottle in her hand and was about to hit someone that changes everything:CBS San Fransisco Bay Area news interviewed anarchist Louise Rosealma, who along with her boyfriend is a member of the Oak Roots Collective. Here s a sample of the violence they promote on their Facebook page. This is how these people (that should be labeled as domestic terrorists) see themselves. These anarchists live in a world where it s okay to act with violence against law enforcement and innocent people who don t agree with their political views:Here s citizen journalist Tim Pool talking to the Antifa female who was hit. When he asks her if she thinks it s okay that Antifa rioters threw M-80 s at people on the Trump side, her response was,  Well, the revolution isn t f*cking easy!  (This video was taken after she was hit) Apparently she was correct about one thing For anyone wondering what an  identiatrian  is, here is a screen shot from the Identity Evropa website:",0
11008,BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN Reveals The Shocking Truth About His Rock Anthem “Born In The USA”,"The truth about Springsteen is so disappointing (see below) but this one takes the cake!Bruce Springsteen has been a sellout all these years. He s not the person he portrayed himself to be to the American people.He just revealed he nearly gave up  one of his most iconic anthems Born In The USA, admitting he believed it was too insincere and  glib . He said he doesn t  feel comfortable  singing the song. It s almost like he s apologizing for appearing to be patriotic. Are you thinking what we re thinking? He sang that song so many times but never felt ok singing it? That s the difference between Springsteen and someone like Lee Greenwood. Lee Greenwood has always been a passionate and fearless supporter of America and the American way. Springsteen is just a phony Speaking at a Q&A session with Tom Hanks at the Tribeca Film Festival, the 67-year-old rocker opened up to the Oscar-winning actor, insisting that it was E Street Band guitarist Stevie Van Zandt who convinced him to keep the 1984 hit.Springsteen s memorable tune was written in part tribute to friends who had served in the American Army during the Vietnam War and the ironic treatment of the veterans upon their return home. He divulged:  Stevie [Van Zandt, longtime guitarist in the E Street Band] convinced me to keep that song. I remember at the time thinking it s too glib. It s too glib. I think I still think that. But Stevie said,  No, no, no   it s about the band, the brotherhood of the band, the fans. The New Jersey native   who has been married to Patti Scialfa since 1991   added that he gave his musical peer the  benefit of the doubt  but still doesn t feel quite comfortable with the song.Adding:  I gave him the benefit of the doubt. We ve played it an awful lot ever since. But I was always a little frightened of it. And the whole record I always have mixed feelings about.  Despite his feelings, the epochal song has received much praise throughout the years and was ranked 275th on Rolling Stone s list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time as well as placed on RIAA s Songs of the Century.The fan favorite and title track of his 1984 album of the same name inspired famed photographer Annie Leibovitz s iconic photo of Springsteen s backside against the backdrop of an American flag for the record cover. Commenting on the concept in 1984, the Medal of Freedom recipient told Rolling Stone:  We had the flag on the cover because the first song was called  Born in the U.S.A. , and the theme of the record kind of follows from the themes I ve been writing about for at least the last six or seven years.Read more: Daily MailSPRINGSTEEN JUST RELEASED A SONG THAT BASHES PRESIDENT TRUMP Bruce Springsteen aka  The Boss  is showing all of his fans just how out of touch he is with his latest song. He s been a fervent anti-Trump guy and has been very outspoken against President Donald Trump. His new protest song refers to Trump as a  con man . What a way to disrespect the leader of our nation! has Bruce Springsteen employed thousands of Americans? It s interesting that Trump just delivered one of the best ever speeches to the builders union. Please watch the video provided below of what a real working man does for his crew. It s an awesome speech that totally discounts everything Springsteen is trying to say to bash Trump. Shame on him!The 67-year-old rocker released his and Joe Grushecky s anti-Trump song, called  That s What Makes Us Great,  and it is a direct comment on the president and his administration, according to Pitchfork.Springsteen s part of the song goes as follows: Don t tell me a lieAnd sell it as a factI ve been down that road beforeAnd I ain t going back.And don t you brag to meThat you never read a bookI never put my faithIn a con man and his crooks.  During an interview with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Gushecky talked about writing the song in January after Trump was sworn-in as president I had this song, and Bruce and I had been talking,  Grushecky said.  I sent it to him and he liked it. I said,  What do you think about singing on it?  He gave it the Bruce treatment. In February, Springsteen said he was an  embarrassed  American during a concert in Australia. On the same tour he attacked Trump s first travel ban as  un-American. Tonight we want to add our voice to the thousands of Americans who are protesting at airports around our country the Muslim ban and the detention of foreign nationals and refugees,  Springsteen told the crowd.  America is a nation of immigrants. This is fundamentally un-American. What a bunch of bull! Springsteen has lost his roots and his sense of the working man. If he cared to know anything about President Trump then he would know Trump s bringing back American jobs. He s working hard to get the steel industry up and running again. He just held a  Buy American, Hire American  event promoting keeping jobs in America. What s better than a president who s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. In President Trump s speech he calls out people by name pretty great! He knows business and building. We re in good hands America! The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see.. Oh, you will see    President Trump",0
11009,ARROGANT DEMOCRATS STILL IN DENIAL ON TRUMP: “We cannot allow him to stay in that position” [Video], It is absolutely unbelievable that he could be the leader of the greatest nation in the world and we cannot allow him to stay in that position    California s own Maxine WatersCan you imagine if we had said these things about Barack Obama? Maxine Waters is getting more and more desperate She just pulled out the race card on MSNBC:Maxine Waters and Joy Reid are always entertaining they feed off of each other. It s like Waters forgets they re on TV and just lets it rip with the racist jargon. This is just laughable and hopefully most Americans see through it except for the brainiacs who still vote for this hag in the James Brown wig.It might sound harsh but this woman helped push the housing bubble with her pal Barnie Frank. She s a grifter who has lived off of the people for decades by dividing Americans.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gyL9O1z-vE Here s another example of Maxine Watters and Joy Reid getting into a hatefest over Trump. They make false claim after false claim about President Trump Just hateful! Will make sure poor people aren t getting too much from government ,0
11010,“NUTTY” NANCY PELOSI Refers To President Trump As “President Bush” For The Second Time Since Inauguration [VIDEO],"For the second time in a matter of weeks, progressive leftist Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi displayed what many believe can only be accredited to having a severe case of  Trump Derangement Syndrome.  While speaking to ABC s Jonathan Karl, Nancy confused the presidency of Donald Trump with George W. Bush for the second time since President Trump s inauguration.In an interview on Sunday with Jonathon Karl on ABC s This Week, Pelosi confused President Trump with President Bush, who she hated with vitriol for eight years. But as you can see in the short clip below, Pelosi immediately catches herself and then apologizes to former President Bush for the confusion, claiming to long for the days that he was president over the now dreaded Donald Trump.Even Jonathan Karl was stunned that Pelosi would remember George W. Bush with fondness considering the vitriol she threw his way for eight years. One has to wonder if Pelosi, who continues to be confused about who the current president is, is fit for office.  PolitistickHere s what Nancy had to say about President George W. Bush at the end of his term:Watch:",0
11011,“WHOSE STREETS?” NOT YOURS! NC Passes Law Shielding Drivers Who Hit Protesters Blocking Roads [VIDEO],"Soros paid protesters who blocked streets and created mass chaos in big cities cashed in before the election of President Trump. For the most part, when protesters blocked miles of traffic in large cities, law enforcement officers, who were also their target (thanks to another Soros-Obama effort) protected them from being unintentionally struck by vehicles on roads and highways they were blocking. Stories of people rushing to the hospital or trying to make it to work on time were circulating all over social media. Of course the mainstream media and leftist news sources were in collusion with Democrats in their efforts to threaten and shame Americans who dared to support Trump. They foolishly believed their violent and unlawful behavior would sway voters. In addition to putting people s lives in danger, In the end, Obama and George Soros  thugs turned a lot of people away from the polls, as many Democrat and independent voters didn t want to be tied to a party they no longer recognized.Watch protesters yell,  Whose streets? Our streets! :Just before the midnight curfew in #CLT the crowd is at the Square chanting. Doesn t look like they want to go home. #KeithScottA post shared by David Boraks (@davidboraks) on Sep 23, 2016 at 8:56pm PDTWatch anti-Trump Antifa terrorists take over major streets in DC chanting  Our streets! NC lawmakers are taking action to protect innocent drivers who encounter protesters who think jumping in front of traffic is a great way to protest. And oh yeah they re not your streets the streets belong to all Americans.WFAE   Stop me if you ve heard this one before. The North Carolina House has passed a bill that is sure to bring controversy.This measure shields drivers who hit protesters from lawsuits.Last year, in the wake of the killing of Keith Lamont Scott, protesters took over Charlotte city streets, even marching down sections of I-277 and I-85.The often chanted  Who s street? Our street! All this caught the attention of Republican Representative Justin Burr of Montgomery County.  As we ve seen, time and time again, as folks run out in the middle of the streets and the interstates in Charlotte and attempt to block traffic,  Burr said as he introduced the bill. He wants to ensure  drivers don t have to fear driving through Charlotte or anywhere in North Carolina. Now there are many ways this could be done.But Burr decided to go in a controversial direction with House Bill 330.He explains the bill this way,  provides that a person driving an automobile while exercising due care is immune for civil liability for any injury to another if the injured person was participating in a demonstration or protest and blocking traffic. Translation: a driver who hits, or even runs over, a protester on a street could be shielded from lawsuits by the person they injure.But Burr wanted to be clear on one point.  Now this bill does not allow for a driver of a vehicle to target protesters intentionally. That obviously is not the intention. Watch what happens here when protesters block a car that is on its way to St. Jude s Children s Hospital with a sick child: In other words, if you were trying to get from point A to point B and you just happen to hit a protester, or more, while driving through a demonstration, you would be protected from civil lawsuits. We all know this is being done to try to make a point about protests,  said Democrat Greg Meyer. He s just one of the lawmakers who saw a problem with this bill.  It is just going to embarrass us. There is no good reason to pass this bill. The bill has passed the North Carolina House. It now heads to the Senate. ",0
11012,TRANSGENDER ANTIFA THUG Starts To Burn American Flag…Pro-Trump Biker Gives Him Big Surprise [VIDEO],"Climate march s are happening all over America. Many of the same groups like Antifa who turned out to burn, riot and loot in Washington DC during Trump s inauguration and who ve been turning up in Berkeley, CA to shut down speech rights of conservatives came to show their disdain for America. A transgender man was caught lighting a small American flag on fire and holding it up like a small child at show-and-tell to share with his anti-American friends. He got a big surprise however, when a pro-Trump, pro-American biker caught a glimpse of the burning American flag.Watch video below:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858700002654388224An Iowa City Press-Citizen photographer captured the incident in which Matt Uhrin used a fire extinguisher to put out the blaze before taking the flag from protesters. The demonstrators said they were protesting against what they call the Republican agenda, which includes positions on gay rights, civil rights and the controversial Bakken oil pipeline.Here is the video showing Matt Uhrin, an American hero, taking on a whole crowd of losers to defend our flag. It s hard not to shed a tear when you see how bravely he defended the honor of our US flag against this large group of degenerates who have no idea our flag stands for.Happening now: a confrontation on the ped mall as people burn an American flag as protest. pic.twitter.com/aPkMdls6oQ  Stephen GruberMiller (@sgrubermiller) January 26, 2017Police cited two protesters, Kelli Ebensberger, 21, of Iowa City, and Paul Osgerby, 23, of Ames, for open burning, which is a simple misdemeanor. ",0
11013,LOL! CROWD CHANTS “CNN Sucks” At Trump Rally While CNN Broadcasts Live [VIDEO],"President Trump skipped the White House Correspondents Dinner to hold a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania instead. How could anyone blame him for wanting to be as far away from that group of piranhas as possible?President Donald Trump railed against the media at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday, just as the annual White House Correspondents  Dinner was set to begin in Washington, DC.In case anyone was wondering if Trump had any facts to back up his assertion that he was and continues to be under siege by the media, he reminded the crowd of a recent poll from MRC:He then went on to mock the White House Correspondents  Dinner by reminding his audience who he chose not to spend his evening with: A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation s capital right now,  he said.  They are gathered together for the White House Correspondents  Dinner without the president. He continued:  And I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be 100 miles away from Washington s swamp, spending my evening with all of you and with a much, much larger crowd and much better people. He also proved that the American people who elected him have not grown any fonder or become more trusting of leftist attack dog media outlets like CNN and MSNBC. Watch as he mentions CNN during their live broadcast and the audience chants,  CNN sucks! https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858500275916738560",0
11014,EPIC! BLACK CONSERVATIVE Calls Out CNN Anchor On Trash Talking Trump: “You sit here and attack the President!” [Video],"Wow! This is really epic! Paris Dennard nails Paul Begala on Begala s trash talking of Trump. You won t believe the response from David Gergen! How can Trump let someone down when they never believed in his policies to begin with?  We love Paris Dennard s effort to call out the liberal pundits   this is not just good it s great that he said what every American is thinking about CNN and MSNBC:Strategist @David_Gergen clashes w/ @PARISDENNARD: ""You respect the office not the man  but he is letting me down""https://t.co/PWncWEoyzx  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) April 30, 2017PRIOR TO THE DENNARD COMMENTS, BEGALA CALLED THE PRESIDENT A  MENTAL MIDGET  AND A  NEEDY LITTLE BABY :More GREAT TAKEDOWNS from Paris Dennard:THE EXCHANGE BETWEEN THESE TWO PUNDITS IS SO CLASSIC BECAUSE THE LIBERAL IS SUCH AN ELITIST Charles Blow didn t want to listen to the truth and had a major hissy fit when confronted with facts. It s pretty epic On CNN s New Day Friday morning, Chris Cuomo interviewed two black guests from opposing parties about Donald Trump s outreach to minorities. The anti-Trump guest, New York Times op-ed columnist Charles Blow grew visibly irritated with Cuomo and the pro-Trump guest, GOP commentator Paris Dennard, when Dennard said things Blow didn t agree with. After a heated back and forth discussion, Blow finally exploded at Cuomo, saying CNN was committing  media malpractice  for letting Dennard come on the show.Read more: Newsbusters",0
11015,AMAZING! HOLLYWOOD ACTOR GIVES Passionate Rant On American Patriotism: “We should all know a hell of a lot more than that” [Video],"This is a shocker! RICHARD DREYFUSS was on Tucker Carlson and blew us away with his knowledge of American government! You will be shocked at his comments He speaks about how important it is for all Americans to know civics Who knew Richard Dreyfuss could speak like this?This interview was so successful that the website for Dreyfuss is having technical difficulties.The Dreyfuss Civics Initiative has a Facebook page with this message at the top:Thank you Tucker Carlson and Richard for the interview tonight. Our website was overwhelmed by the interest and repsonse, all within moments of the show. We are on it, and have been working to resolve access issues with our Web Host. Although the traffic remains very heavy. please keep trying. Please also check your individual browser for cookies. It may make the difference. You might also try from this page. We apologize if you are having difficulty or receiving errors.Thank you for your continued patience. Respectfully, TDI s Volunteer TeamYes, the interview is THAT good!HERE S DREYFUSS TALKING TO MIKE HUCKABEE:",0
11016,"COWARDLY BLACK BLOC THUG Dane Powell Pleads Guilty…Faces 6 Yrs In Prison For Rioting, Assaulting Police During Trump’s Inauguration [VIDEO]","Take note cowardly anti-American thugs, your Black Bloc brother will soon to be wearing orange for a very long time A Florida man with the radical  black bloc  protest network pleaded guilty Friday to felony rioting and assault for his role in the Inauguration Day chaos in Washington, D.C.Dane Powell, 31, of Tampa was the first to enter a guilty plea on felony charges brought against 212 protesters accused of rioting and vandalizing property during the Jan. 20 melee surrounding President Trump s swearing-in ceremony.Here s a photo of Dane Powell and friend Tracy Penokie posing for a picture that was posted on The Ybor City website on inauguration day in DC just before the activities  rioting began:Dane is seen again with a mega phone here and a  free Palestine  t-shirt with his friend Tracy:Scheduled to be sentenced July 7, he faces a possible six years in prison for breaking windows and throwing a  brick, large rock or piece of concrete  at officers after joining a mob of masked black bloc protesters who moved en masse across 16 blocks in about 30 minutes, according to the U.S. Attorney s Office.The plea was announced by U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Channing D. Phillips and Peter Newsham, Metropolitan Police Department acting chief.Carrying hammers, crowbars, metal poles and wooden sticks, the self-described anarchists broke windows at a dozen businesses, including Starbucks, McDonald s and Bank of America; pulled newspaper stands and trash cans into the streets; spray-painted buildings, and shattered the windows of a police cruiser and limousine.WATCH this incredible video of Blac Block and Antifa anarchists in Washington DC during President Trump s inauguration:Federal prosecutors released a superseding indictment Thursday that brought additional felony counts against some defendants, including Powell, which brought an outcry from protesters. Washington Times",0
11017,LOU DOBBS UNLOADS On “Inept” Paul Ryan For Denying Trump Progress On Promises: “Working Against The President And His Agenda At Every Turn” [VIDEO],"Lou Hobbs praised President Donald Trump for his historic first 100 days in office, including being the first president to have a nominated US Supreme Court Justice take his seat on the high court in a president s first 100 days since 1881. He then went on a punishing rant against Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, who he blames for holding Trump back from any major legislative accomplishments. Dodd explained how Trump has been denied success by his very own party to his viewers: The President however, has been denied a significant legislative accomplishment on the big issues because of uh Not because of the opposition of the Dems, but rather because of a Speaker of the House of the same Republican Party who has been woefully inadequate to the responsibilities and demands of his office. Speaker Ryan, working against the President and his agenda at every turn, frustrating the entire GOP conference Congress and indeed the American people. President Trump has been gracious, he s been generous even with the inept Ryan, but the President today acknowledging that he is disappointed.   Hobbs went on to rave about President Trump and his accomplishments over his first 100 days in office. He even went as far as to compare Trump s accomplishments to those of FDR. Dobbs again went on to remind his viewers that President Trump will need the full support of the elected Republican leaders in Congress if he is to accomplish all that he promised the voters he would do if elected: If Speaker Ryan and the Republican leaders in Congress were for whatever reason, to turn their full support for this President and his agenda, the next 100 days of his term would be even more remarkable than his first. On this never-before-released private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U.S. House of Representatives he was abandoning then-GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again.Listen to the call that was obtained by Breitbart News reporter Matthew Boyle: ",0
11018,BRAVE PRO-TRUMP REPORTER Grabs Microphone At Climate March…Tells Liberal Crowd To Chant “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist!” [Video],"A Conservative Reporter was brave enough to grab the mic at the Climate March and instruct people to yell  Bill Clinton is a rapist! Everybody raise ya fist Everybody raise ya fist Bill Clinton is a rapist Bill Clinton is a rapistThe crowd wasn t too happy! You ll see in the video below Props to Jack Posobiec! Grabbed the mic and trolled the #ClimateMarch into singing Bill Clinton is a Rapist Grabbed the mic and trolled the #ClimateMarch into singing Bill Clinton is a Rapist pic.twitter.com/E8kSzbtd4K  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) April 29, 2017",0
11019,NBC CORRESPONDENT Tells Panel Of Extremely BIASED Journalists: “Journalists Aren’t Biased”…Goes On To Totally Trash President Trump With Other BIASED News Hosts [VIDEO],"Watch as Katy Tur tries to hilariously convince the audience that the press doesn t have any biases:  If we have any bias, it s a bias towards the facts . She then goes on to convince the audience what a horrible human being Donald Trump is,  He didn t appeal to their better demons of voters in this country. He appealed to their most base fears and their most base frustrations and anger and that worked for him. Watch:During a news conference in July of 2016, NBC News correspondent Katy Tur asked Trump whether he has  any qualms about asking a foreign government   to hack into a system of anybody s in this country  after Trump said he hoped Russia would find more emails from Hillary Clinton or the DNC. Hey, you know what gives me more pause, that a person in our government, crooked Hillary Clinton   here s what gives me more pause,  Trump said, as Tur tried to ask follow-ups.  Be quiet, I know you want to, you know, save her. That a person in our government, Katy, would delete or get rid of 33,000 emails. That gives me a big problem. After she gets a subpoena. She gets subpoenaed, and she gets rid of 33,000 emails. That gives me a problem. Now, if Russia or China or any other country has those emails, I mean to be honest with you, I d love to see them. As Tur asked another question a few minutes later, mentioning Trump s poll numbers, Trump once again mocked her. Katy just said that, many polls show you are winning. Are you Katy Tur of NBC? It s a disguise,  he said.This is far from the first time Trump has picked on Tur. In June, Trump told  Fox & Friends  that his campaign  don t even let her in  or let people talk to her  because she s not a very good reporter. In December, Trump called out Tur in the middle of a rally, leading Trump supporters to point at her and boo.  Little Katy, third-rate journalist,  Trump said, as he complained about the news media.Watch candidate Trump tell Katy to  Be quiet : If you want to know why the press is obsessed with taking down Donald Trump, watch this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoGq82Mhjw",0
11020,WHY UNEDUCATED SOMALI REFUGEES Who Don’t Speak English Are Fleeing Arizona For Minnesota [VIDEO],"A few weeks ago, we reported on the first female Muslim legislator, Ilhan Omar, the 34-year-old Democrat community organizer who came to America as a refugee from Somalia. Ilhan was one of only two state legislators who voted to prevent Life Insurance companies from denying benefits to benefactors of terrorists who died committing an act of terror against Americans.Omar is also a vocal opponent of President Trump (see video here) and his plan to better vet refugees coming from nations that are terror hotbeds. It s not unrealistic that the largest Somali Muslim population in America will also become a hotbed for terror.On November 19, 2016 U.S. District Judge Michael Davis sent a clear message to America: There is a terrorist cell in Minneapolis and it is still alive today. In sentencing nine young Somali-Minnesotans on terror conspiracy charges this week, U.S. District Judge Michael Davis closed a chapter in the federal government s long, extraordinary investigation of ISIL recruitment in Minnesota.But the full story is far from over.Each day, Davis sought to extract acknowledgment from the young men that they were  terrorists,  and left no doubt as to his thoughts on whether they were simply misguided youths. Everyone talks about Brussels or Paris having cells,  Davis said one day, then, raising his voice:  We have a cell here in Minneapolis. Saying the Minnesota public had  danced around  the issue, Davis described the cell s size as being between nine to 20, including those sentenced last week and others killed abroad.  Star TribuneRefugee expert Ann Corcoran who owns the amazing Refugee Resettlement Watch website explores why Somali refugees are fleeing states like Arizona where they are being delivered by our government and heading for Minnesota? Corcoran asks: Why would they leave a climate more like home to move to the frigid north in droves?  All sorts of reasons are given in this article from the Phoenix New Times  -supposedly for jobs, to be with family members, Somali  community,  better welfare, but not mentioned is to build political power through numbers.  Minnesota will be the first state to push for aspects of Shariah Law to be put in place, in my opinion.Bilad Yusuf and her seven kids were on their way to Minnesota, less than two months after they arrived in Phoenix. We didn t know how to get jobs here, and even if we did, we didn t know how we d get to them,  she explained through an interpreter who translated from Somali to English.After waiting for six years in a refugee camp, Yusuf and her family arrived in the United States this winter amidst the chaos surrounding the Trump administration s attempt to block Somali immigrants like them from entering the country.Following a brief stop in Houston, they were transferred to Phoenix. There, stranded in the urban sprawl without a car, they found themselves lost: Where were they supposed to get groceries? How did they go about setting up long-overdue doctor s appointments? How would they pay rent after their initial stipend from the U.S. government ran out?The Somali Association of Arizona stepped in, providing groceries and setting up doctor s appointments for the refugees. But they couldn t do anything about the fact that the fact that with limited English and no training, Yusuf and her older children weren t qualified for many jobs.So, worried that her rent would be cut off soon, Yusuf ultimately decided they should move to Minnesota, where she, like virtually all Somalis, has family.Mukhtar Sheikh, the program coordinator for the Somali Association of Arizona, says that Yusuf s story is a common one.Between 1981 and 2017, Arizona took in 7,351 Somali refugees, according to Department of Economic Security statistics. But how many of those refugees actually stay in the state is another question.Sheikh estimates that as many as half the Somali refugees resettled in Arizona end up leaving   typically for Minnesota, or other parts of the country where there s a large Somali community   because they re unable to find jobs here. I think Arizona is able to do more for refugees, to be honest,  he says.  If Arizona invested in these families, it would actually benefit the state, because they re really hardworking. Contrary to popular belief, refugees who are resettled in Arizona receive relatively little financial assistance from the state. In fact, their main source of cash assistance is the federal government.But the biggest challenge is finding a job, he says. When he first arrived in Phoenix, he was able to find a job at Sky Harbor International Airport and work his way through ASU. Other Somalis have followed a similar path and found jobs at the airport. But many others have found that even jobs cleaning hotel rooms or washing dishes in a restaurant come with a requirement that applicants speak English   or, unofficially, Spanish. The people that struggle the most are people who have no educational background,  Sheikh says.  They re the people most in need, and they face the biggest hardships when coming here and trying to find opportunities here. Recently, he s gotten calls from recruiters working on behalf of Amazon warehouses in Minnesota and Kentucky, looking to hire managers who speak Somali in addition to English.Should American companies be actively recruiting non-English speaking, uneducated refugees for jobs in America? Why are the airports one of the first places newly transplanted refugees coming from terror hotbed nations are finding employment? Shouldn t we fix our broken welfare system instead of recruiting workers from overseas to do the jobs Americans won t do? That tells him that they re hiring a lot of Somali refugees who don t speak English yet, he says. He d like to see the same thing happen in Arizona, where, to his knowledge, only a handful of refugees have been able to get jobs at Amazon distribution centers.But, he acknowledges,  There s only only so much that one company can do. There has to be support from the state. The Department of Economic Security, which administers the Arizona Refugee Resettlement program, doesn t track where refugees end up once they stop receiving services from the state, director of communications Tasya Peterson says.So it s impossible to get an exact count of how many refugees have left for other states in search of better opportunities.But, Peterson adds: We do know that Somali refugees resettled in many states have relocated to live in cities in which the largest numbers of Somalis reside, including cities in Minnesota and Ohio, due to mutual assistance and other affinity relationships.   Phoenix New TimesFor residents of Minneapolis however, many are facing a new reality with the exploding Somali refugee population. In July 2015, we reported on a mob of 30 young Somali men who  raged  through an upscale neighborhood, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.Here is the shocking and disturbing video taken by the homeowner who reported the incident. For the entire story, click HERE: ",0
11021,CAUGHT ON VIDEO: Tour Bus Passenger Wrestles Large Knife Away From Islamist [Video],"A brave London tour bus passenger saw a Muslim with a large knife and was able to disarm him VIDEO BELOWThis shows what s happening ALL TOO OFTEN in the U.K. and all over Europe. Terrorism by jihadists using a knife to kill or injure anyone close-by has become the job of the so-called  lone wolf  jihadist. Do you recall the American woman who was in London on vacation and was randomly murdered on the street by a jihadist? How soon we forget, right?Here s the report of how an American woman was a victim of a jihadist while visiting London THE VIDEO BELOW:U.K.: Passenger managed to grapple and disarm a radical Islamist wielding a large knife on a London tour bus in broad daylight!!! pic.twitter.com/oOiCOpjCtj  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) April 29, 2017How can we even think about importing this to America?",0
