id,title,text,label
17535,THE LIST of 34 House Republicans DEMANDING Permanent AMNESTY For Obama’s DACA “Kids”,"Who wants to deport  Dreamers ? Not many people, it turns out. Even veteran immigration restrictionists seem willing to legalize this subset of immigrants in the country illegally if it is part of a package deal. That s true even though a lot of what s said about the DACA recipients is PR-style hooey.For example, it s often said   indeed, former President Barack Obama just recently said   that the approximately 800,000 of them were  brought to this country by their parents.  Well, many were. But that s not required to qualify as a protected Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program recipient under the various plans, including Obama s. You just have to have entered the country illegally before age 16. You could have decided to sneak in against your parents  wishes. You re still a  Dreamer! Likewise, we re told DACA recipients are college-bound high school grads or military personnel. That s an exaggeration. All that s actually required is that the person enroll in a high school course or an  alternative,  including online courses and English-as-a-second-language classes. Under Obama s now-suspended program, you didn t even have to stay enrolled.Compared with the general population, DACA recipients are not especially highly skilled. A recent survey for several pro- Dreamer  groups, with participants recruited by those groups, found that while most DACA recipients are not in school, the vast majority work. But their median hourly wage is only $15.34, meaning that many are competing with hard-pressed lower-skilled Americans.The DACA recipients you read about have typically been carefully selected for their appeal. They re valedictorians. They re first responders. They re curing diseases. They root for the Yankees. They want to serve in the Army. If DACA recipients are the poster children for the much larger population of immigrants in the country illegally, these are the poster children for the poster children.  Chicago Tribune34 Republicans in Congress are not about to let the pesky facts about Obama s  Dreamers  get in the way of lobbying Speaker Ryan to grant them permanent citizenship.Numbers USA reports  Thirty-four Republicans in the House of Representatives signed a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan calling for passage of a permanent DACA amnesty before the end of the year. Reps. Scott Taylor (R-Va.) and Dan Newhouse (R-Wash.) led the effort.While the lawmakers stop short of demanding passage of a DACA amnesty before the end of the year or including an amnesty in this month s must-pass spending bill, they don t insist on any other immigration-related provisions that would stop future flows of illegal immigration by calling for mandatory E-Verify or to reduce the numerical impact of the amnesty by calling for an end to Chain Migration.The letter reads:Dear Speaker Ryan,We write in support of passing of a permanent legislative solution for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients before the end of the year. DACA recipients   young people brought to America through no fault of their own   are contributing members of our communities and our economy. For many, this is the only country they have ever known. They are American in every way except their immigration status.Since DACA s inception, the federal government has approved approximately 795,000 initial DACA applications and 924,000 renewals. Since being approved for DACA status, an overwhelming majority of these individuals have enrolled in school, found employment, or have served in the military. Studies have shown that passing legislation to permanently protect these individuals would add hundreds of billions to our country s gross domestic product (GDP). That is why the business community, universities, and civic leaders alike support a permanent legislative solution.We agree with President Trump that executive action was not the appropriate process for solving this issue, as was done under the previous administration, and we believe Congress should act. We are compelled to act immediately because many DACA recipients are about to lose or have already lost their permits in the wake of the program s rescission. Not acting is creating understandable uncertainty and anxiety amongst immigrant communities.While we firmly believe Congress must work to address other issues within our broken immigration system, it is imperative that Republicans and Democrats come together to solve this problem now and not wait until next year. We all agree that our border must be enforced, our national security defended, and our broken immigration system reformed, but in this moment, we must address the urgent matter before us in a balanced approach that does not harm valuable sectors of our economy nor the lives of these hard-working young people. We must pass legislation that protects DACA recipients from deportation and gives them the opportunity to apply for a more secured status in our country as soon as possible. Reaching across the aisle to protect DACA recipients before the holidays is the right thing to do.Here s the list of 34 Republicans who need to be drained from the swamp:Rep. Scott Taylor (VA-2) Rep. Dan Newhouse (WA-4) Rep. Mia Love (UT-4) Rep. Mark Amodei (NV-2) Rep. David Valadao (CA-21) Rep. Dave Reichert (WA-8) Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (PA-8) Rep. Mike Coffman (CO-6) Rep. Charles Dent (PA-15) Rep. Frank LoBiando (NJ-2) Rep. Peter King (NY-2) Rep. Carlos Curbelo (FL-26) Rep. Illeana Ros-Lehtinen (FL-27) Rep. Ryan Costello (PA-6) Rep. Fred Upton (MI-6) Rep. Jeff Denham (CA-10) Rep. Rodney Davis (IL-13) Rep. John Faso (NY-19) Rep. John Katko (NY-24) Rep. Chris Stewart (UT-2) Rep. Susan Brooks (IN-5) Rep. Adam Kinzinger (IL-16) Rep. Glenn T. Thompson (PA-5) Rep. Mike Simpson (ID-2) Rep. Mimi Walters (CA-45) Rep. Leonard Lance (NJ-7) Rep. Pat Meehan (PA-7) Rep. Elise Stefanik (NY-21) Rep. Tom McArthur (NJ-3) Rep. Chris Smith (NJ-4) Rep. Jenniffer Gonzales-Colon (PR) Rep. Joe Barton (TX-6) Rep. Will Hurd (TX-23) Rep. Bruce Poloquin (ME-2)Numbers USA does an amazing job of exposing the truth about illegal immigration and what it really costs the American taxpayer. Nearly all funding for NumbersUSA Action comes from individuals giving $10, $25 and $100 donations over the internet.  If you can afford to make even a small donation, it will help them to continue to help Americans change immigration policies. You can donate to Numbers USA HERE.",0
17536,WATCH: SEAN HANNITY Offers To Step In After He Sees Heartbreaking Viral Video Of Young Boy Crying Over Being Bullied For His Appearance,"What a brave boy and what a sad world we live in where adults would allow such a beautiful child to be repeatedly tortured by classmates, without stepping in and preventing it from happening. At the very least, our children should know that they are safe in the classroom, on the playground, and in the cafeteria, where they attend school.  Students who are being bullied in school should know that they will be protected by teachers and staff who should be paying attention to the children who need them most.  Where was the lunch staff when this young boy was being humiliated and bullied by classmates? Fat. Gay. Or just different from the crowd. These are the reasons children are being bullied   sometimes to death   in America s schools, with at least 14 students committing suicide in the past year alone. ABCKnox News  The anti-bullying video of a Union County middle schooler went viral over the weekend, garnering the attention of the Tennessee Titans and the University of Tennessee Vols football teams.Kimberly Jones posted the video of her son, Keaton, on her Facebook page Friday shortly after 12:30 p.m. She said she had just picked Keaton up from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch as a result of bullying. For the record, Keaton asked to do this AFTER he had me pick him up AGAIN because he was afraid to go to lunch,  Jones wrote in her Facebook post. My kids are by no stretch perfect, and at home, he s as all boy as they come, but by all accounts, he s good at school. Talk to your kids. I ve even had friends of mine tell me (their) kids were only nice to him to get him to mess with people. We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few know how it really feels not to belong anywhere,  she wrote.In the video, Keaton, crying in the passenger seat, describes having milk poured on him and ham put down his clothes. Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What s the point of it?  Keaton began.  Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to  em? It s not okay. Keaton said kids at school make fun of his nose, call him ugly and tell him he has no friends.Watch:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));This is a friend of mine Kimberly Jones son KRJ. He is such an amazing little boy and has a very big heart and loves Posted by Angie Monroe on Saturday, December 9, 2017Jones, in another social media post on Oct. 18, described one such incident. At a birthday party, she wrote, another boy said he knew Keaton by his scars, one that  goes all the way across his face. Jones wrote that her son was born with a tumor. It s not OK!  Keaton cried in his video.  People that are different don t need to be criticized about it. It s not their fault. But if you are made fun of, don t let it bother you. They suck I guess. Hard. But it will probably get better one day. Within hours, the post had thousands of views. By Saturday night it had been viewed more than 11 million times and shared by nearly 250,000 people.Sean Hannity saw the viral video on Twitter and asked for the name of the principal and the school where the repetitive bullying of Keaton Jones was taking place, so he could personally call and  fix this . Hannity also asked for anyone who knew the parents to help him contact them, so he could have them on his show, so they could share their story with others. If someone can get to me the name of the school, the principal, school board members i will gladly make the calls myself and fix this. Also if anyone knows Keaton and his parents, i will gladly fly them to NYC to be my guest & visit Fox News. https://t.co/uFyp2r2Yn7  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) December 10, 2017 ",0
17537,TRUMP CALLS OUT Washington Post #FakeNews Reporter For Posting Fake Pictures Of Rally Hours Before It Started…Posts Actual Pictures Of Packed Stadium,"Washington Post reporter took to Twitter to post an image of the venue where Trump was to appear in several hours. The only problem is, the Washington Post reporter didn t say the image was taken several hours before President Trump appeared on stage.Here is Dave Weigel s #FakeNews post, that he has since deleted:As someone who attended Trump s final campaign rally, the night before the election in Grand Rapids, MI, I can attest to the incredible amount of security Trump supporters must go through before entering the venue. Trump supporters were lined up for miles to get into the event we attended, and after several hours, many of his supporters were seen trickling in, hours after the event started, after waiting to get through security..@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Here are a few of the pictures Trump posted in his tweet above to show the actual size of the crowd: After the Washington Post reporter was outed by President Trump, for lying on Twitter about the size of Trump s crowd at his rally, he apologized:Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner. https://t.co/fQY7GMNSaD  Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) December 9, 2017President Trump responded to Dave Weigel s apology on Twitter. Trump called for his firing for pushing #FakeNews on Twitter..@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017Many of Trump s supporters came to his defense on Twitter as well, posting images of a packed stadium for everyone to see:Here s what the line outside of the Trump rally actually looked like:HAPPENING NOW!Trump Rally Pensacola!pic.twitter.com/549Oq74upD  TRUMP News 24/7 (@MichaelDelauzon) December 8, 2017Here are several shots of the Pensacola venue from inside:STADIUM PACKED at Trump Rally in Pensacola, Fl!We aren't going ANYWHERE! We are just getting started  .again! Make America Great Again  #ThingsITrustMorethanCNN #ResistanceIsImportant #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/61RcSUG2dO  Kambree Kawahine Koa (@KamVTV) December 9, 2017For those saying Pensacola Bay Center was empty tonight for Trump Rally pic.twitter.com/zZqVYK8xIf  Bard Law (@TwoLameDucks) December 9, 2017Crowds gather for Trump Rally in Pensacola today!! pic.twitter.com/eRJy92nz6m  ssd (@Pismo_B) December 8, 2017A video view from inside the Pensacola Trump rally tonight, as the president talked about illegal immigration pic.twitter.com/VoPbEBqijE  David Martosko (@dmartosko) December 9, 2017",0
17538,"OUCH! President Trump Takes Off The Gloves…BLASTS Democrats For Using AMNESTY For Illegals As Bargaining Chip For Funding Government: “‘Help me, Dad!’ Those were the last words spoken by Kate Steinle, as she lay dying on a San Francisco Pier” [VIDEO]","When candidate-Trump promised he would put America first, he wasn t kidding. President Trump posted a powerful video on Twitter tonight, blasting Democrats for putting their desire to give illegal aliens amnesty before the safety and security of American citizens, as they demand amnesty as a condition for funding the government.Here is the transcript of President Trump s powerful speech that he posted on Twitter only minutes ago: Help me, Dad!  Those were the last words spoken by Kate Steinle, as she lay dying on a San Francisco Pier. A precious young American woman, killed in the prime of her life. Kate s death is a tragedy that was entirely preventable. She was shot by an illegal alien, and a 7-time convicted felon, who had been deported 5 times, but he was free to harm an innocent American, because our leaders refuse to protect our border, and because San Francisco is a sanctuary city.In sanctuary states and cities, innocent Americans are at the mercy of criminal aliens because state and local officials defy federal authority and obstruct the enforcement of our immigration laws. Last week, in a final injustice, Kate s killer was acquitted of all of most serious charges, yet one more reason why Americans are so upset by sanctuary cities and open-border politicians who shield criminal aliens from federal law enforcement and all of the problems involved with the whole concept of a sanctuary city. They re no good!We mourn for all of the American families of all backgrounds, who will have any empty seat at Christmas this year because our immigration laws were not enforced. No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be sanctuaries for Americans, not for criminal illegals.  Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress not only oppose our efforts to stop illegal immigration, and crack down on sanctuary cities,  now they are demanding amnesty as a condition for funding the government, holding troop funding hostage, and putting our national security at risk. We cannot allow it. Every Senator and Congressman will have to make a choice, do they want to protect American citizens, or do they want to protect criminal aliens? Reasonable people can disagree on many things, but there can be no disagreement that the first duty of government is to serve, protect and defend American citizens. People can have different views on the technical details of budget policy or transportation, but no one who serves in office should disagree that our highest priority must be the safety and well-being of our nation s citizens. Thank you. Watch:No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans   not for criminal aliens! pic.twitter.com/CvtkCG1pln  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2017",0
17539,JAMES WOODS Has Social Media In Tears After Tweeting HILARIOUS Videos Of Two of The Most Ignorant Liberals In America [VIDEOS],"Conservative Hollywood actor, James Woods, is known for his brilliant wit and his great sense of humor on Twitter, but today he really outdid himself when he posted two hilarious videos on Twitter, proving, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that liberalism really is truly a mental disorder. His first video was a retweet of Democrat Rep. Hank Johnson, who, in 2010 actually questioned Admiral Robert Willard, commander of the U.S. Pacific Command, about a proposal to move 8,000 Marines from the Japanese island of Okinawa to the U.S. Pacific island territory of Guam. Johnson expressed his concern over moving too many US troops to the very small island of Guam because too many people on the island may cause it to  tip over and capsize .Here is the transcript of the unbelievable exchange between Democrat Rep. Hank Johnson and Admiral Rober Willard:Johnson: This is a[n] island that at its widest level is what   twelve miles from shore to shore? And at its smallest level   uh, smallest location   it s seven miles between one shore and the other? Is that correct?Willard: I don t have the exact dimensions, but to your point, sir, I think Guam is a small island.Johnson: Very small island, about twenty-four miles, if I recall, long, twenty-four miles long, about seven miles wide at the least widest place on the island and about twelve miles wide on the widest part of the island, and I don t know how many square miles that is. Do you happen to know?Willard: I don t have that figure with me, sir, I can certainly supply it to you if you like.Johnson: Yeah, my fear is that the whole island will become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize.Willard: We don t anticipate that   the Guam population I think currently about 175,000 and again with 8,000 Marines and their families, it s an addition of about 25,000 more into the population.How the Admiral was able to keep a straight face during this question and answer session is beyond our comprehension. Here is what Woods  had to say about the tweet from  Based Monitored : My favorite #LiberalTribute video ever My favorite #LiberalTribute video ever  https://t.co/afHPsh9flM  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 10, 2017Here is the video originally tweeted by  Based Monitored :Rep. Hank Johnson just called the FBI Director his  homeboy    ridiculous.But it gives me an excuse to show everyone how dumb he truly is. Here s a video of him thinking that the island of Guam will  tip over and capsize . pic.twitter.com/bk7lEB60yz  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) December 7, 2017Next up on Woods  liberal hit list was Chelsea Handler. Recently, during an interview, the not-funny  comedian  and unhinged liberal Chelsea Handler, called Sarah Huckabee Sanders a  harlot  with  summer-whore lipstick  and a  trollop. James Woods didn t waste any time reminding Twitter users about the disgusting video of Chelsea Handler, where she s swimming in the water while actor and comedian Jason Biggs is standing above her on a boat, peeing all over her face. Handler seems unfazed by Biggs peeing on her face, as she looks around smiling, and acting like a human urinal.Woods tweeted about Handler: This person berates the character of @SarahHuckabee on a daily basis. #ChelseaHandlerHumanUrinalThis person berates the character of @SarahHuckabee on a daily basis. #ChelseaHandlerHumanUrinal https://t.co/Y07Q0Rmcw6  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 9, 2017Only 3 days ago, Handler doubled down on stupid, when she tweeted about having to  evacuate  her California home due to the wildfires. Handler, who claims she was fleeing from her home, took time from her daring escape, to tweet about her unfortunate circumstance, and to blame President Trump for  setting the world on fire , because well, why not?Just evacuated my house. It s like Donald Trump is setting the world on fire. Literally and figuratively. Stay safe everyone. Dark times.  Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) December 6, 2017",0
17540,GERMANY: Afghan “Teen” Refugee Who RAPED and KILLED Female Med Student and Refugee Volunteer Is Actually 33-Years Old…And There’s MORE!,"On September 5, 2017, the Daily Mail reported:Afghan asylum seeker accused of raping and murdering EU official s teenage daughter  attacked her to satisfy his sexual urges before leaving her unconscious in a river to drown Hussein Khavari, 22, who claims to be from Afghanistan has been accused of ambushing Maria Ladenburger, 19, as she cycled home after a party, raping her and then drowning her in Freiburg, Germany last October.He was linked through his DNA to medical student Maria, who volunteered at various shelters that house migrants in her spare time in Freiburg.Hussein claimed to be Afghani but the court heard that there is evidence he is Iraqi. And his claim to be 17 at the time of the offense was disputed by a specialist saying he was at least 22. According to Bild newspaper, during a morning session of hearings in which press and public were excluded, he claimed to be 19.He said he claimed to be 16 upon his arrival in Germany in 2015  because the situation is better here for underage migrants.  The court must decide if he is to be tried as a juvenile or an adult.A murder conviction as a juvenile would mean a maximum ten-year jail term, as an adult a possible life sentence.As it turns out, the fake  teenager  who admitted to raping and murdering the actual teenager, is pretty far removed from his teenage years. According to the Voice of Europe,  the Afghan refugee, who is now on trial for the rape and murder of the medical student Maria Ladenburger in October 2016, is older than previously thought.Hussein Khavari entered Germany in November 2015 without identity papers. He told authorities that he was born in 1999 in Afghanistan and that his father was killed during the war.But it now appears that his father is still alive. According to German media source, Bil.de, his father said his son was born in 1984 and that he is 33-years-old.The Local Germany says about it:  Prosecutors were able to track down Hussein K. s father when they came across a contact on his mobile phone. The defendant told them that they could contact his mother on the number. But when an interpreter called the number in the presence of two judges, the person who picked up was his father .Maria Ladenburger s father is a senior legal adviser to the European Commission in Brussels. Maria herself was volunteering as a refugee worker in various shelters and asylum homes. ",0
17541,“NEVER-TRUMP” BUSTED! Former Jeb Bush Staffer ADMITS To Planting Roy Moore Story In Washington Post,"Just another member of the swamp who s about to be sucked down the drain In 2015, leftist rag Politico called it a  Big hire  when Jeb Bush landed Tim Miller as his top communications aide.Jeb Bush plans to name Tim Miller, executive director of America Rising PAC, as his top communications aide, Republican sources told POLITICO on Friday.Miller initially will be a senior adviser to Bush s Right to Rise PAC, and is expected to become communications director if Bush launches his campaign. Kristy Campbell, who has been the PAC s chief spokesperson, likely will be national press secretary of the campaign, or have some senior communications adviser role.Now, thanks to Big League Politics, every member of the GOP can see the type of traitors to the Republican Party Jeb Bush hired to work on his campaign.A Friday Big League Politics report claims Tim Miller, a Republican operative prominent in the  Never Trump  movement, helped pitch the Washington Post story in which the first allegations of sexual misconduct nearly 40 years ago were made against Alabama GOP senatorial nominee Roy Moore.The report contains screenshots of what are alleged to be text messages between Miller and conservative publisher Charles C. Johnson of GotNews.com. The texts show Miller insulting Judge Moore s fitness for office and bragging about how  Beth  is  good to work with.  He is implied to be referring to Beth Reinhard, one of the two authors of the original Washington Post story.Reinhard, before joining the Washington Post, worked at the Wall Street Journal during the 2016 GOP presidential primaries as the embedded reporter covering the Bush campaign. She, therefore, likely had regular interaction with Miller since at least 2015.Miller, who served as Jeb Bush s communications director in the 2016 GOP presidential primaries, categorically denies any involvement in the Washington Post story. He told Breitbart News:I had no involvement in pitching the Washington Post story or any others where women spoke out about Judge Moore. Moore allies have tried to pitch this to 10+ outlets, conservative and mainstream, who have all rejected the story after examining the facts because there is no truth to it.Big League Politics Editor-in-Chief Patrick Howley makes his case as follows:These text messages reveal a few things: the Republican Establishment s relationship with the Post s anti-Moore coverage, the cunning of writer Charles Johnson in trapping Miller, and former Bush staffer Miller s cluelessness about how to conduct himself in the world of political subterfuge. Miller denied to BLP that he was involved in the Washington Post story  or any others where women spoke out about Judge Moore,  but the text messages below leave no doubt as to his involvement [sic][.]During and after the 2016 primaries, Miller was one of the leading voices against eventual GOP nominee Donald Trump. He played a role in the decidedly unsuccessful attempt by Never Trumpers to disregard the will of Republican voters and deny Trump the nomination through the use of convention rules.Miller remains an outspoken critic of Trump and consistently opposes Republicans of the pro-Trump or populist-nationalist bent. He has frequently appeared on cable news programs as an anti-trump Republican voice and now is one of far-left Salon.com s 25 favorite  conservatives. Miller has aggressively campaigned for Judge Moore s liberal Democratic opponent Doug Jones. on Twitter, announcing last month that he had donated money to Jones:I just donated to a Democrat for the first time in my life if any of yall want to do so as well. Enough is enough. https://t.co/YlDXTXSnyJ  Tim Miller (@Timodc) November 21, 2017 ",0
17542,OOPS! Lindsey Vonn Gets Hit With Big Dose Of Karma After Trash-Talking President Trump On CNN,"Only 3 days ago, Lindsey Vonn told CNN that she wouldn t be representing President Trump in the 2018 Olympics. She also boldly proclaimed that she wouldn t visit the White House if she were invited. I take the Olympics very seriously and what they mean and what they represent, what walking under our flag means in the opening ceremonies. I want to represent our country well, and I don t think there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that. Is it really appropriate for an Olympic athlete representing the United States of America to make her performance in the Olympics about her hate for Donald Trump?Was it really necessary for Vonn to spew her hate on a network that is not only being called into question for their inaccurate (fake news) reporting on a regular basis but is also known for their extremely unfair coverage of our President?Well, after her miserable showing in Switzerland yesterday,  it looks like Lindsey needs to focus a little more on her skiing technique, and a little less on her anti- Trump rhetoric.According to the AP  Lindsey Vonn finished a World Cup super-G in extreme pain Saturday and was treated by race doctors for a back injury.The American star crossed the finish line in obvious distress, in 24th place and 1.56 seconds behind the winner, and slumped to the snow.She compressed her back on the fifth gate, according to U.S. Ski & Snowboard.Vonn stayed in the finish house to be treated, and one hour later limped slowly into a waiting car to be driven from the St. Moritz course.Minutes earlier, her father Alan Kildow told The Associated Press his daughter was  OK. In a race interrupted several times by gusting crosswinds, Vonn wore the No. 4 bib and was left standing at the start gate during the first delay of about three minutes. She stayed warm with a thick jacket draped on her shoulders.The surprise winner was Jasmine Flury of Switzerland, who had a career-best World Cup finish of fifth before Saturday.Perhaps the outspoken Lindsey Vonn will get her wish and not have to represent the President or decline his invitation to the White House ",0
17543,"BREAKING NEWS: Woman Who Narrated BRUTAL TORTURE, Scalping of Mentally Disabled Young Man On Live Facebook Video Gets DISTURBING Sentence","When four Chicago thugs videotaped the brutal tortured a young mentally disabled man they kidnapped in a live Facebook video, Americans were stunned. Almost immediately after the discovery was made, the spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department called it a  stupid mistake .The superintendent of the building where the torture took place, shrugged off the horrific event by simply saying,  Kids make stupid mistakes. It looks like not much has changed in the attitudes of Chicago officials tasked with holding criminals accountable, especially in the case of four repulsive young thugs, who scalped the young 18-year old man, made him drink from a toilet, forced him to yell,  F*ck Trump  and  F*ck white people , and repeatedly hit him while his hands were tied and his mouth was covered with duct tape.The video is hard to watch but is an honest look at the anti-Trump and racist monsters who ve been given a pass by our media. Go HERE to watch the disturbing video. (***Warning***the video is very graphic).It was just announced that in a plea deal, Brittany Covington, 19, the narrator of the video, who had been held at the Cook County Jail without bond since January, will be the first of the four to be released. In a shocking case of injustice, the plea deal states that Covington will remain on probation for four years and is barred from contact with 2 of the other 3 co-criminals, Cooper and Hill, the Chicago Sun-Times is reporting.Other terms of the plea agreement bars Covington from using social media for four years, the Cook County State s Attorney s Office tells CBS 2.Brittany Covington narrated Facebook Live video of the others tormenting an 18-year-old white man in the apartment she shared with her sister.The victim, a Crystal Lake man who had been classmates with Hill at a west suburban alternative high school, appears terror-stricken as he was taunted with racially-tinged insults   including calling him a supporter of then-President-elect Donald Trump. Hill and Cooper allegedly cut his clothing with a knife, punched and kicked him. In another video, the man was forced to drink water from a toilet bowl.In one of the videos the defendants allegedly posted on Facebook, a man threatened the victim with a knife. Someone told the victim,  kiss the floor, b -!  and  nobody can help you anymore.  At one point, someone told the victim,  say  I love black people.   When a woman who lived in the building complained about the the noise and threatened to call the police, the sisters kicked in the woman s door in anger and took some of her property, police said. While the others had run to the other apartment, the victim managed to escape, and police found him, wearing shorts and his torn clothing in the January weather, a block away. Streamwood police officials say the victim s parents had made a missing-persons report after their son didn t return home.During the Streamwood police investigation, the victim s parents started  receiving text messages from persons claiming to be holding him captive,  officials said.Plea negotiations are ongoing with her three co-defendants, all of whom also have been in custody.  CBS2 ",0
17544,IT’S WORSE THAN THEY THOUGHT: Doctors Discover US Embassy Victims In Cuba Have BRAIN ABNORMALITIES…”Never Before Seen Illness”,"In a last-minute attempt to create a legacy for himself, Obama traveled to Cuba to hang out with Raul Castro and prove to Americans how easy it is to form relations with brutal dictators of oppressive regimes.  Unfortunately for Barack Obama, it was not his finest moment, and his attempt to normalize relations with Cuba didn t work out so well for members of our US Embassy, who have now been diagnosed with  brain abnormalities , after experiencing some sort of attack that many experts suspect was inflicted with a sonic weapon.  The left rejoiced when President Barack Obama decided to normalize relations with the Cuban regime, reopened our embassy, and allowed travel to the island.But most of that has come to a screeching halt after mysterious attacks on our diplomats, which have caused serious health problems. The State Department has decided to recall all non-essential personnel from the embassy and urged Americans not to travel to Cuba.  Legal InsurrectionThe leftist Boston Globe publication gushed over Barack Obama s historic visit to Cuba.When President Obama travels to Cuba on Sunday with his family, he is making a vital foreign policy statement, and not just about the small island off the tip of Florida. The bigger principle at play is the value of diplomatic engagement over isolation, cooperation versus Cold War thinking. The visit   the first time a sitting American president has been to Cuba in almost 90 years   is a manifestation of the hope that democratic ideals can spread over time once normalized relations are established.Obama will not only be meeting with President Raul Castro, but also with middle-class Cubans, entrepreneurs, and political dissidents, a symbolic yet reassuring move on behalf of democracy and fairness. Already the opening of relations is bearing fruit, with new businesses sprouting and a flourishing tourism industry taking root.Legal Insurrection   The attacks on American officials at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, keeps getting stranger and stranger. The latest information revealed that doctors have found brain abnormalities in the victims. From The Associated Press:It s the most specific finding to date about physical damage, showing that whatever it was that harmed the Americans, it led to perceptible changes in their brains. The finding is also one of several factors fueling growing skepticism that some kind of sonic weapon was involved.Medical testing has revealed the embassy workers developed changes to the white matter tracts that let different parts of the brain communicate, several U.S. officials said, describing a growing consensus held by university and government physicians researching the attacks. White matter acts like information highways between brain cells.Some of the victims woke up in the middle of the night and heard  disembodied chirping in the room, or a strange, low hum, or the sound of scraping metal.  Others described how  they felt a phantom flutter of air pass by as they listened.  There are some victims that did not notice anything.But the victims felt the effects of these noises or non-noises 24 hours later. These symptoms included nausea, loss of hearing or sight, headaches, vertigo, and dizziness. Symptoms appeared to have gone away once the victims came back to America. At first officials and doctors believed a sonic weapon caused the issues. Now they don t know.The officials did not say if the doctors found these changes in all of the victims. Elisa Konofagou, a Columbia University biomedical engineering professor, told the AP that  acoustic waves have never been shown to alter the brain s white matter tracts  and she  would be very surprised  if that is the cause of the abnormalities.From The Washington Post: Physicians are treating the symptoms like a new, never-seen-before illness,  the AP wrote, and expect to monitor the victims for the rest of their lives, although most have fully recovered from their symptoms by now.The physicians are working with FBI agents and intelligence agencies as they look for a source, and U.S. officials have not backed down from their accusations against the Cuban government, which denies any involvement despite a history of animosity between the two countries.In October, experts provided the mysterious noise to the Ap. It s high pitched, almost like nails on a chalkboard. They do not know what kind of mechanism produced this sound or who developed it. Those who heard a sound heard the same thing:Yet the AP has reviewed several recordings from Havana taken under different circumstances, and all have variations of the same high-pitched sound. Individuals who have heard the noise in Havana confirm the recordings are generally consistent with what they heard. That s the sound,  one of them said.As the number of affected have risen, the State Department had no choice but to take action to protect our people. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson decided in late September to bring home all non-essential personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Havana, thus cutting the staff by 60% and halt citizen travel to the island.A few days later, Tillerson decided to expel 15 diplomats from the Cuban Embassy in Washington, D.C.Instead of a legacy of a great man who built much-needed bridges with legitimate foreign nations, Barack Hussein Obama, the community organizer turned President, is left with the legacy of creating the most divided United States of America since the Civil War. ",0
17545,JUST IN: “Pit Bull” Attorney For Special Counsel Robert Mueller Attended Hillary’s Election Night Party,"Is there a single person left on Robert Mueller s  Trump-Russian collusion  team who isn t in bed with Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton?An attorney for special counsel Robert Mueller attended Hillary Clinton s election night party in New York City, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday.Andrew Weissmann s attendance at the party is one of many signs pointing to a troubling bias from the attorney. Weissmann has been described by The New York Times as Mueller s  lieutenant  and  pit bull. Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained an email Tuesday that revealed Weissmann praised former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates  defiance of Trump. I am so proud. And in awe. Thank you so much. All my deepest respects,  Weissmann wrote to Yates on Jan. 30. The email followed Yates  instruction to the DOJ not to defend an executive order banning immigration from seven nations, an act that led to her dismissal by President Trump.Weissmann is one of several Democratic donors that have been hired by Mueller, a registered Republican. The special counsel s  pit bull  donated a combined $6,600 to the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.The special counsel s probe has been criticized by Trump s allies, but the White House maintains Trump has no intention to fire Mueller.  Daily Caller ",0
17546,JUST IN: MUELLER’S “Right Hand Man” Represented IT Staffer Who Destroyed Hillary’s Blackberrys With A Hammer!,"You just can t make this stuff up Yet another key member of Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe appears to have deep ties to the Democratic Party.From PJ Media: Aaron Zebley served previously as Mueller s chief of staff at the FBI and as a senior counselor in the National Security Division at the Department of Justice. He also served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the National Security and Terrorism Unit in Alexandria, Virginia.Also, in 2015 when he was a lawyer, he represented Justin Cooper, the IT staffer who personally set up Hillary Clinton s unsecured server in her Chappaqua home, Fox News  Tucker Carlson revealed on his show Thursday.Cooper, it so happens, is also the aide who destroyed Clinton s old BlackBerries with a hammer.Watch the brilliant television ad Ted Cruz s team made during the election, that mocked Hillary Clinton and Justin Cooper for destroying evidence of her crimes, when they smashed her Blackberrys with a hammer:Documents obtained by Fox News show that Senate investigators grew frustrated with Zebley after being repeatedly stonewalled when they were trying to set up a meeting with Cooper. Mr. Zebley telephoned Homeland Security [Committee] staff to inform them that Cooper had chosen to cancel the interview,  the documents said.In a letter to Cooper, congressional investigators complained:  We are troubled by your attorney s [referring to Zebley] complete refusal to engage the committee in a discussion about how to further assuage your concerns. Let this sink in. The same attorney who played a defensive role for Hillary Clinton was tapped by Mueller in June to play an offensive role against Clinton opponent Trump.But Zebley isn t the only questionable hire. Out of a team of fifteen lawyers, nine of them have donated to Democratic candidates. None of them seem to have Republican leanings.Jeannie Rhee, who was hired by Mueller last summer to work on the probe, was the personal attorney of Ben Rhodes and also represented the Clinton Foundation, Fox News  Laura Ingraham reported on Wednesday.",0
17547,“DONALD TRUMP DIET”…LIFELONG LIBERAL Tells  How His Leftist Friends Caused Him To Lose 7 Pounds After He Defended Donald Trump [VIDEO],"Every single day, liberals provide more and more evidence that Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome is a real thing. After the treatment liberal Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz received from his leftist friends for defending the law, and in the process defending President Trump, will he ever be able to embrace the people he used to believe were  tolerant  and  open-minded ?  WFB   Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz said Friday that he has lost seven pounds because his liberal friends have stopped inviting him to dinner parties for defending President Donald Trump against Democrats calling for him to be charged with obstruction of justice. Fox and Friends  co-host Ainsley Earhardt asked Dershowitz, a lifelong liberal who has donated thousands of dollars to Democrats, about liberals shunning him, noting that he usually agrees with liberals when he appears on the show. Well, I call it the Donald Trump diet,  Dershowitz said with a smile.  I ve lost seven pounds because my liberal friends have stopped inviting me to dinner parties. After four years, I ll be back to my high school weight. He added that many liberals do not want to understand his view and immediately accuse him of being on Trump s side.WATCH: I m on nobody s side. I m on the side of the rule of law, the Constitution, and the Constitution is clear [that if] a president exercises his constitutional authority by firing somebody or by pardoning somebody, that cannot be the basis for obstruction of justice,  Dershowitz said.  If he goes further and lies or tells his people to destroy evidence, of course, that s different. That s how [Richard] Nixon and [Bill] Clinton got in trouble, but President [Trump] cannot be charged with obstruction for simply exercising his Article 2 power under the Constitution. And that s the point of view you expressed on this program a couple of days ago,  co-host Steve Doocy added.  And then the president of the United States retweeted,  Hey you should watch Alan Dershowitz on Fox and Friends make that case,  but then your liberal friends, their heads started exploding, and I understand somebody even suggested that you re being paid off by the Trump people. Dershowitz mocked the idea that he is being paid off or that he wants to become a Supreme Court justice at the age of 79. He then mentioned that he also is being attacked for his article supporting Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. I m being criticized for that by people because that s what Trump said, and if Trump said it, that means Dershowitz can t say it because that means Dershowitz is on Trump s side,  Dershowitz said.  I m on the side of justice and fairness. ",0
17548,#VeryFakeNewsCNN BUSTED After Getting MAJOR Detail In Donald Trump Jr.-Wikileaks Story Wrong,"Would CNN even know the truth if it bit them in the a**?The media s quest to prove Donald Trump Jr. colluded with Wikileaks is all wrong.The Sept. 14 email to Trump campaign advertising WikiLeaks emails promoted publicly available info, was riddled with typos and came from a Trump backer who had given $40 to the campaign months earlier, per email viewed by @WSJ.  Rebecca Ballhaus (@rebeccaballhaus) December 8, 2017Legal Insurrection  CNN originally reported an email from Trump Jr. was sent 10 days later, a factual inaccuracy that led to a false timeline and essentially, fake news. The timeline is crucial because it proves Trump Jr. was not trading unknown information, but that someone was alerting him to information already made public. Despite claims to the contrary, Trump Jr. was not aware (as far as records prove) ofCNN has published a CORRECTION and updated this story. Originally CNN said the email was dated Sept. 4, based on ""accounts from two sources who had seen the email."" CNN now has a copy of the email, and it's dated Sept. 14, not Sept. 4. https://t.co/EpvrB43jyU  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) December 8, 2017From CNN s report, which has been updated to reflect the WaPos findings:Candidate Donald Trump, his son Donald Trump Jr. and others in the Trump Organization received an email in September 2016 offering a decryption key and website address for hacked WikiLeaks documents, according to an email provided to congressional investigators.The September 14 email was sent during the final stretch of the 2016 presidential race.CNN originally reported the email was released September 4   10 days earlier   based on accounts from two sources who had seen the email. The new details appear to show that the sender was relying on publicly available information. The new information indicates that the communication is less significant than CNN initially reported.After this story was published, The Washington Post obtained a copy of the email Friday afternoon and reported that the email urged Trump and his campaign to download archives that WikiLeaks had made public a day earlier. The story suggested that the individual may simply have been trying to flag the campaign to already public documents.CNN has now obtained a copy of the email, which lists September 14 as the date sent and contains a decryption key that matches what WikiLeaks had tweeted out the day before.After obtaining the emails, the WaPo corrected the record:A 2016 email sent to President Trump and top aides pointed the campaign to hacked documents from the Democratic National Committee that had already been made public by the group WikiLeaks a day earlier.The email   sent the afternoon of Sept. 14, 2016   noted that  Wikileaks has uploaded another (huge 678 mb) archive of files from the DNC  and included a link and a  decryption key,  according to a copy obtained by The Washington Post.The writer, who said his name was Michael J. Erickson and described himself as the president of an aviation management company, sent the message to the then-Republican nominee as well as his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and other top advisers.Legal Insurrection tweeted about CNN s latest VeryFakeNews story:Washington Post proving that CNN scoop was fake news. Happy Friday! https://t.co/GHfZdRf9Zv  Legal Insurrection (@LegInsurrection) December 8, 2017 ",0
17549,ONE IMAGE PERFECTLY Captures Who’s Really Behind The Trump-Russian Collusion “Investigation”,"Unfounded claims that President Trump was filmed with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel surfaced in the closing stretch of last year s White House race.Mrs. Clinton s presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) reportedly helped fund the research.According to US media reports, Perkins Coie, a law firm representing the Clinton campaign and DNC, hired intelligence firm Fusion GPS in April 2016.  BBCYesterday, another bombshell was revealed by Rep. Jim Jordan on the Lou Dobbs show, when Jordan told Dobbs that he believes the FBI paid Christopher Steele, the creator of the Trump dossier and that they used it to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on Americans associated with the Trump campaign. Jordon told Dobbs:  There are a couple of fundamental questions here. Did the FBI pay Christopher Steele? I asked that of the Attorney General two weeks ago he wouldn t answer the question. Did they actually vet this dossier?  Because it s been disproven, a bunch of lies, a bunch of National Enquirer garbage and fake news in this thing. Did they actually check it out before they brought it to the FISA Court which I m convinced they did. And all of this can be cleared up if they release the application that they took to the court  I think they won t give it to us because they did pay Christopher Steele. I think they did use the dossier as the basis for the warrants to spy on Americans associated with President Trump s campaign. Strzok is the guy who took the dossier to the FISA Court. Watch:Politically Corrupt FBI   @Jim_Jordan: I believe the FBI paid Christopher Steele, and then used the discredited, fake news dossier to spy on @POTUS and his campaign. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #DTS @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/bfgk37LbFC  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) December 8, 2017While Democrats desperately try to convince the American public that Trump colluded with the Russians to defeat one of the most unpopular candidates they ve ever stuck their party with, real journalists continue to uncover the real collusion, and it s looking more and more like sadly, it s between the FBI, Obama s DOJ and investigators working for Special Counsel Robert Mueller.This one image by cartoonist Antonio Branco, pretty much sums up who s really in charge of the phony Trump-Russian collusion sham of an investigation:",0
17550,"WI GOV. SCOTT WALKER: If You’re Able-Bodied and Want Welfare, You’re Going To Be Drug-Tested","If you live in Wisconsin and want your working neighbors to fund your existence, you may need to start peeing in a cup to prove your dependency on the government isn t related to your dependency on drugs. The governor of Wisconsin is a love em  or hate em  kind of leader. Conservatives love him for making public sector unions pay more of their own benefits,  liberals hate him for daring to stand up to the powerful, organized mega-donors of the Democrat Party. Governor Walker is about to shake things up again in the blue state of Wisconsin, and liberals are not gonna be happy Gov. Scott Walker is moving forward with an effort to drug test some food stamp recipients, with testing expected to begin in as little as a year absent action from lawmakers or the federal government.Wisconsin s Republican governor has submitted a plan to state lawmakers for drug testing able-bodied recipients of the state s Food Share program. If the state Legislature doesn t object within 120 days, the plan will go into effect, though it will take at least a year for actual testing to begin.The program won t necessarily have a massive effect, however. The Walker administration estimated in October that only about 220 food stamp recipients statewide   or just 0.3% of able-bodied adults   would test positive in the first year. Employers have jobs available, but they need skilled workers who can pass a drug test,  Walker said in a statement.  This rule change means people battling substance use disorders will be able to get the help they need to get healthy and get back into the workforce. A year ago, Walker had asked then President-elect Donald Trump and his incoming administration to clear the way for the change in the food stamp program, which is overseen by the state but largely funded by federal taxpayers. So far that hasn t happened but a Walker spokesman said Monday that the governor believes the state can proceed without any federal action. Our position is we have the authority to implement the rule,  spokesman Tom Evenson said.The now-departed appointees of President Barack Obama didn t see it that way. In January 2017, right before Trump took over the White House, the former U.S. official in charge of the replacement program to food stamps said such testing would require a change in federal law. The law clearly does not allow it,  said Kevin Concannon, undersecretary at the federal Food and Nutrition Service within the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Walker s  office forwarded that request to us and it was very clear, we consulted the legal counsels here and the law absolutely does not allow it. The Trump administration, however, may not see the issue in the same light.   Journal Sentinel ",0
17551,JUST IN: ROY MOORE Accuser ADMITS to FORGING Yearbook,"The credibility of Beverly Young Nelson, the woman who accused Roy Moore of making sexual advances toward her when she was a teen, has been shattered.  Shortly after Nelson appeared on television with leftist attorney Gloria Allred,  her stepson made the difficult decision of coming out and saying that his stepmother was lying in a Facebook video he made to set the record straight about his father s wife.Watch video:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));My official statementPosted by Darrel Nelson on Tuesday, November 14, 2017Meanwhile, Twitter user Thomas Wictor made his case through a series of tweets that the alleged Roy Moore signature in a high school yearbook Nelson used as  evidence  of her story was forged. Conservative media outlets began to demand that the yearbook was examined by a neutral party. Nelson and her attorney, Gloria Allred refused. Nelson remained silent for weeks while the controversy about the allegedly forged high school yearbook continued to catch fire in the media.Breitbart News reports that Beverly Young Nelson has finally admitted that she forged a portion of the infamous high school yearbook that she and attorney Gloria Allred used as proof of her accusations against U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore.And in yet another blow to the credibility of ABC News, the disgraced, left-wing network downplayed the bombshell by presenting this admission of forgery as adding  notes  to the inscription. Worse still, the reporter actually coaches Nelson, puts words in her mouth, downplay the enormous significance of her deceit.Beverly Young Nelson, one of the women accusing GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual misconduct, tells @GMA it  sickens  her to think what might happen if Moore is elected. https://t.co/wuEGWr0kng pic.twitter.com/lcp5OY4x3A  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) December 8, 2017 Nelson admits she did make notes to the inscription,  ABC News tells us.  But the message was all Roy Moore. ABC News reporter Tom Llamas just couldn t help himself, as he coaches Nelson to make sure she is still able to cling to a portion of her story:Llamas:  Beverly, he signed your yearbook. Nelson:  He did sign it. Llamas, for his part encouraged her to get her story straight:  And you made some notes underneath. Nelson replied:  Yes. And then, after a woman admits to forging a document used in a campaign to destroy the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in Alabama, ABC News quickly moves on as though it is not news of extraordinary consequence.Llamas also fails to ask any follow-ups, such as  If the explanation is this simple, why wait all these weeks to offer it?  Or,  Why did you lie? Nelson is accusing Moore of attempting to assault her when she was just 16-years-old. With the election just four days away, this admission of forgery could not come at a better time for Moore. Nelson and Allred are planning a news conference Friday, but nothing will overcome the forgery admission.How can anyone believe anything she says after admitting to such a thing? Early reports are that Nelson and Allred will produce an expert to prove the rest of the yearbook is not a forgery. So a proven forger is bringing in her own expert. What an insult to the people of Alabama.Another problem with Nelson is that she has a motive to lie and forge: as a circuit judge, Moore ruled against her in a 1999 divorce case.The Moore campaign has been pressuring Nelson and Allred for weeks to submit the yearbook for independent handwriting analysis. Now everyone knows why that request was rejected and ignored.With Nelson now thoroughly discredited, this leaves two accusers against Moore.One is Leigh Corfman, who claims Moore molested her as a 14-year-old child. She is the most credible of the three, but the narrative behind her story, that Moore s abuse resulted in Corfman s living a troubled life of  drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt,  is directly contradicted by contemporaneous court records.Moore s final accuser is Tina Johnson, a woman who claims Moore groped her butt in his office in 1991. But, again, as was the case with Corfman and Nelson, the left-wing media outlets reporting these allegations (the Washington Post, AL.com) either failed to fully vet the accusers or withheld crucial context.Thanks to New Media s going behind these discredited outlets to fact check the reporting, we now know that Johnson did not tell the entire truth. She was not in Moore s office  on business.  If she was in Moore s office at all, it was due to a bitter custody battle where Moore represented Johnson s mother, who was trying to gain custody of Johnson s 12-year-old son based on the claim that Johnson was an  unfit, absent, and unstable mother. If the media and the accusers and Gloria Allred told the full truth to begin with, they would all be more credible.Here are close up versions of the signatures. Note, that when viewed close up, the signature is signed in both black and blue ink.Here is a closer version of the yearbook signature:Here is Wictor s explanation for the different colors of ink:(4) The LIGHT is reflecting off of the ink.The ink that LOOKS blue is actually black. It's DIFFERENT ink than the ORIGINAL ink.Therefore it reflects light differently.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 16, 2017(11) So, to recap:The signature is a forgery, and everything after the name ""Roy-Ray"" was added later with different ink. pic.twitter.com/1sPv6aABge  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 15, 2017Just like the ""TH"" doomed Dan Rather, ""DA"" will doom the anti Roy Moore forces. They copied his signature on Nelsons divorce order not realizing ""DA"" was his assistants initials, not his title. The sheer stupidity! pic.twitter.com/oWJ5fzM6fr  TruthHurts (@tru768) November 15, 2017After the yearbook signature came into question, Moore s attorney came out  with a statement regarding the signature in the high school yearbook. Here s what he had to say:Roy Moore's Attorney: ""[Nelson & Gloria Allred] said that Ms. Nelson after the allegations had never seen or had any contact with Judge Moore  In 1999, Ms. Nelson filed a divorce action  The judge assigned was Roy S. Moore."" pic.twitter.com/Bv5ZV0CMvc  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 15, 2017",0
17552,CREEPY BERNIE Calls For Trump To Step Down…What About Disgusting Essay BERNIE SANDERS WROTE About Women Fantasizing About Being Gang Raped or Men Fantasizing About Sexually Abusing Women?,"Yesterday, Senator Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., went on a media blitz that was clearly coordinated by the Democrat Party, at about the same time Senator Al Franken (D-MN) was reluctantly resigning. Sanders took to his allies in the media to call on President Trump to resign over unproven allegations of sexual misconduct that were made against him during his campaign. By the way, it should not go without mentioning that we haven t heard a peep from any of Trump s accusers since he won the election. The Democrats are not going to give up that easily when it comes to ousting President Trump. Just this week, Democrats gave up the fight for Rep. John Conyers (D-MI) and Senator Al Franken (D-MN) (both of whom represented  safe  districts for Democrats), after multiple allegations of sexual assault and abuse. It was a clear play at attempting to convince voters that the Democrats are suddenly the party of morals.Do Democrats really believe Americans will be duped into believing that the party who cheated Bernie Sanders, (who wrote about how women fantasize about being gang-raped) out of the chance to be the Democrat nominee for President, to make Hillary Clinton, (a woman who has been accused of enabling her accused rapist husband, who has also been accused several times of sexual assault, and was impeached for lying about having sex with a 19-year old intern under his desk in the Oval Office) is somehow now the  moral  party?Here s  what Bernie had to say about President Trump yesterday:Washington Examiner    We have a president of the United States who acknowledged on a time widely seen all over this country that he assaulted women, so I would hope that maybe the POTUS might pay attention to what s going on and also think about resigning,  Sanders told CBS News on Thursday.Bernie recently said it was not up to the Senate or Democrat Party to call on Senator Franken to step down. Watch, as Sanders glosses over the question when asked about his previous statement (before Democrats decided Franken was a scalp they could spare for the sake of the party).""What I worry about right now, as we speak, in restaurants and in offices all over this country where you have bosses who are not famous, there is harassment of women and women are being intimidated. We need a cultural revolution in this country.""   @SenSanders pic.twitter.com/GTxAf0PVGA  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) December 7, 2017Watch Sanders (the presumtive leader of the Democrat Party) as he calls on President Trump to step down:""We have a POTUS who acknowledged on a tape widely seen all over the country that he's assaulted women, so I would hope maybe the president of the United States might pay attention of what's going on and also think about resigning.""   @SenSanders pic.twitter.com/fy4ucYUEkv  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) December 7, 2017The senator was referencing a tape from  Access Hollywood  made public during the 2016 election on which the president was heard talking about grabbing women without their consent. More than a dozen women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct.Several of Sanders  colleagues in Congress have been accused of inappropriate behavior, and Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., is expected to make a speech on the Senate floor addressing the allegations against him late Thursday morning.Speaking of words Trump used decades ago when referring to a woman, during a private conversation with another man, what about the disgusting and degrading essay Bernie Sanders wrote about women in 1972?Daily Wire   A 1972 essay written by socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) expressed his views on human sexuality in which he claimed that women fantasize about being gang-raped and men fantasize about sexually abusing women.The article  Man   and Woman,  came to light after Mother Jones published it during the 2016 presidential election before Sanders started to gain significant momentum in the race.Sanders  piece was originally published in the Vermont Freeman and was a reflection on his views of gender and sexuality, the Washington Examiner reported.The first two-paragraphs in Sanders  article drew the most controversy:A man goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy. A woman on her knees, a woman tied up, a woman abused.A woman enjoys intercourse with her man   as she fantasizes being raped by three men simultaneously.Sanders was 31 years old at the time he wrote the essay and had just launched his first campaign for Senate, which proved to be the first of several losing campaigns before he became mayor of Burlington nine years later.WATCH:Bernie Sanders 1972 essay:""A man goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy. A woman on her knees, a woman tied up, a woman abused.""""A woman enjoys intercourse with her man   as she fantasizes being raped by 3 men simultaneously.""A sitting US Senator thinks these things. pic.twitter.com/WyxY9CFFwu  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) November 26, 2017",0
17553,PHILADELPHIA Committee Passes Bill Forcing Store Owners to Remove Bullet-Proof Glass…Because it’s Offensive,"What s more important, protecting the dignity of customers who shop in local liquor stores, or the innocent employees and store owners who come in every day, knowing that the only thing that ensures they will go home alive, is the bullet-proof glass between them and the criminal element who enters their store? Well, according to one Philadelphia councilwoman, it s the dignity of the customers. Philadelphia s Public Health and Human Services Committee passed a bill Monday to ban shop owners from protecting themselves with bulletproof plexiglass.Philadelphia 8th District Councilwoman Cindy Bass, who is behind the bill, said previously that having to see plexiglass represents an  indignity  to her constituents and should, therefore, be banned.  Information LiberationFOX News   Philadelphia is one step closer to getting rid of bulletproof glass in many of its small businesses as part of a larger effort to crack down on loitering, public urination, and potential drug sales   but the potential ban has triggered a backlash from shopkeepers.The city s Public Health and Human Services Committee passed a bill Monday enabling Philadelphia s Department of Licenses and Inspections to regulate the bullet-resistant barricades that stand between customers and cash registers in many neighborhood corner stores, according to FOX29. No establishment required to obtain a Large Establishment license   shall erect or maintain a physical barrier that requires the persons serving the food either to open a window or other aperture or to pass the food through a window or other aperture, in order to hand the food to a customer inside the establishment,  the bill states. It also calls for larger establishments to have bathrooms for customers.Here s a great example of the crime Philadelphia officers deal with every day in a city where the elected officials are more worried about passing laws to protect the dignity of liquor store customers, and not the people who bravely come to work every day to sell goods in dangerous, crime-ridden neighborhoods. ",0
17554,JUST IN: OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Presiding Over Michael Flynn’s Case SUDDENLY Recuses Himself…CLINTON Appointed Judge Will Sentence Flynn,"Now, a Clinton appointed judge who took Flynn s guilty plea has suddenly recused himself and Flynn will now face an Obama appointed judge for his sentencing. Hmmm Politico   President Donald Trump s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, will face a different judge to be sentenced than the one who took Flynn s guilty plea to a felony false statement charge last week, court records show.Judge Emmet Sullivan was randomly assigned to take over the case after Judge Rudolph Contreras recused himself.A court spokeswoman confirmed to POLITICO that the reassignment of the case was due to Contreras  recusal, but did not immediately respond to a query about the reason.Sullivan is an appointee of President Bill Clinton, while Contreras was appointed by President Barack Obama.Flynn pleaded guilty last Friday to a false statement charge brought by prosecutors from the office of special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. ",0
17555,33-Yr Old Skier LINDSEY VONN Says She Won’t Represent President Trump At Upcoming Olympics,"Has there ever been a US Olympic athlete who, before representing the United States in the Olympic games, discussed whether or not they would be  representing  our President? Aren t the U.S. Olympic athletes made aware fairly early on, that they re representing our nation? I don t remember ever seeing any of our athletes carrying a flag with a picture of the President of the United States, or wearing apparel covered with the President s image or name. So why is Lindsey Vonn making a statement about how she s not going to be representing President Trump? Does anyone really care about Lindsey Vonn s opinion about President Trump? FOX News  Olympic gold medal skier Lindsey Vonn says she ll represent the United States, but not President Trump, when she returns to the Winter Games in February.Vonn, who won a gold medal in the women s downhill competition in 2010 in Vancouver, skipped the 2014 Sochi games because of knee injuries. I hope to represent the people of the United States, not the president,  Vonn said this week amid the buildup to the 2018 games in PyeongChang, South Korea. I take the Olympics very seriously and what they mean and what they represent, what walking under our flag means in the opening ceremonies,  she added. I want to represent our country well, and I don t think there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that. Vonn also told CNN that she would  absolutely not  accept an invitation to the White House.Isn t this really more about a former Olympic athlete with an over-inflated ego and an overblown sense of how important her opinions are to the American people than anything else? ",0
17556,ARE SENATOR AL FRANKEN and REP JOHN CONYERS Being Sacrificed By The Democrat Party For A Much Larger Goal?,"After two days of being criticized by mostly female, (and even some male) members of Congress, over multiple allegations of sexual misconduct, Democrat Al Franken just announced he s resigning from his US Senate seat. Democrat Representative John Conyers met a similar onslaught of criticism from fellow House members earlier in the week, which left him feeling isolated from his own party as he faced multiple allegations of sexual assault, misconduct and even accusations of a veiled death threat by one woman.After years of looking the other way while numerous women courageously stepped forward to accuse former President Bill Clinton of sexual assault and even rape, Democrats not only looked the other way, they nominated his wife who was accused by the same women of enabling his behavior as their choice for President of The United States.So why the sudden outrage over Franken and Conyers? Could it have something to do with the upcoming election for Senator in Alabama, where hard-core conservative Republican Judge Roy Moore appears to be ahead in the polls against Democrat candidate Doug Jones, despite being accused by several women of sexual misconduct that took place decades ago? So far, the motives or tactics of almost every one of Moore s accusers has been called into question. But this is not just any race, it s a race that the Democrats have dumped millions into, in hopes of taking a Senate seat they would otherwise have no chance of gaining in a deeply red state that overwhelmingly went for Trump in 2016. Democrat Senate candidate Doug Jones has never run for political office, opposes tax cuts for the rich and supports an expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare. The 63-year-old also is staunchly pro-choice, putting him at odds with embattled Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who is staunchly pro-life.There s one thing we know about the Democrats they know how to fight. If the Democrats can make an 11th-hour show of how  moral  they are, because they are suddenly able to rally against sexual predators in leadership roles in their party (even though they spent decades ignoring the Clinton s, or the biggest elephant in the room) perhaps they can convince voters to support Democrat Doug Moore over the  moral-less  Republican-backed candidate Roy Moore, and gain a Senate seat they could only have dreamed about 6 months ago. The Democrats haven t won a senate seat in Alabama since 1992.Let s face it, Senator Franken resides in a solidly blue state who went for Hillary in 2016. There s not much likelihood that they ll elect a Republican to replace him. When it comes to the 88-year old Conyers, he s not only nearing the end of his career, he s a representative in Detroit, where it doesn t matter who runs as long as they have a (D) behind their name. It s a 100% safe seat.So if sacrificing a few members of their own party means gaining a Senate seat, it s all worth it, right? After all, the media wouldn t dare call out their allies in the Democrat Party for their decades of hypocrisy, and for their undying support of accused rapist Bill Clinton and his lovely, enabling wife Meanwhile, the blue state of Minnesota still loves Al Franken:Minnesota s Star Tribune calls Senator Al Franken (D-MN)  A star in his party After eight years in the Senate, Franken had emerged as a powerful voice on progressive causes and forceful critic of the Trump administration, frequently generating national headlines with aggressive questioning of Trump s Cabinet officers. He was a star attraction for the Democratic Party, raising millions of dollars for candidates around the country and appearing frequently on nationally broadcast talk shows and in other high-profile venues.Franken s celebrity preceded his political career. He was hired as a staff writer for  Saturday Night Live  in its first season in 1975 and quickly became a regular on-air performer as well. He served two long stints on the show s staff, the second ending in 1995. After that, he published several bestselling books of political satire from a liberal point of view and hosted a nationally syndicated radio show for several years.Franken, who had been a vocal champion of women s rights and a popular, in-demand spokesman for various progressive causes, found himself caught up in a growing cultural movement around outing bad behavior toward women by men in positions of power. By abandoning Franken along with former U.S. Rep. John Conyers, who resigned earlier this week, Democrats are drawing a distinction between their party and Republicans at a time when President Trump has thrown his full weight behind Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, accused of sexual abuse of underage girls.A Democratic source told the Star Tribune that Dayton is likely to appoint Lt. Gov. Tina Smith and that she is not expected to run in the special election.88-year old Representative John Conyers (D-MI) was the longest-serving House Member in US history. ",0
17557,"TRUMP-HATING, Anti-Gun “COMEDIAN” And Author Of “A Child’s First Book Of Trump” Credits His Kids For Inspiring All of His “BABY RAPE Jokes","Rabid, Trump-hating, anti-gun, comedian, and so-called  author , Michael Ian Black took to Twitter to answer a  question  about how having children has  changed  his  comedy .  His answer is not what most American would expect. The comedian, who is consumed with hate for President Trump and his followers responded:  They inspired all my baby rape jokes. Here is how Michael Ian Black s tweet read:Here is the actual tweet:Question I keep getting in interviews is whether having kids changed my comedy. Yes. They inspired all my baby rape jokes.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) October 7, 2011It s not the first time Black made a  joke  about molesting kids. When Subway s spokesman Jared Fogel was convicted of possessing child pornography and crossing state lines to have sex with children, Black responded to a tweet about Fogel by saying (jokingly?):  We used to molest kids together Black also believes the NRA is a  terrorist group In light of the House passing today s gun bill, a friendly reminder that the NRA is a terrorist organization.  Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) December 6, 2017Black is the author of a disgusting anti-Trump book called  A Child s First Book Of Trump . If you want to check out (or review) Michael Ian Black s book, you can find it for purchase on Amazon and the Barnes and Noble website. Here is the Barnes and Noble  Overview  of  Black s book from their website:OverviewA Child s First Book of Trump by Michael Ian Black, Marc Rosenthal A New York Times bestseller!What do you do when you spot a wild Trump in the election season? New York Times bestselling author and comedian Michael Ian Black has some sage advice for children (and all the rest of us who are scratching our heads in disbelief) in this perfectly timely parody picture book intended for adults that would be hysterical if it wasn t so true.The beasty is called an American Trump. Its skin is bright orange, its figure is plump. Its fur so complex you might get enveloped. Its hands though are, sadly, underdeveloped.The Trump is a curious creature, very often spotted in the wild, but confounding to our youngest citizens. A business mogul, reality TV host, and now political candidate? Kids (and let s be honest many adults) might have difficulty discerning just what this thing that s been dominating news coverage this election cycle is. Could he actually be real? Are those words coming out of his mouth? Why are his hands so tiny? And perhaps most importantly, what on earth do you do when you encounter an American Trump?With his signature wit and a classic picture book style, comedian Michael Ian Black introduces those unfamiliar with the Americus Trumpus to his distinguishing features and his mystifying campaign for world domination sorry President of the United States.Michael Ian Black is scheduled to appear in Boston at the Laugh House Nov. 9   11th.  You can contact the Laugh House at this number and let them know how you feel about them supporting Black at their venue: (617) 725-2844Black can also be found acting with an entire cast of rabid Trump-hating liberal actors on Netflix movie:  Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later,  and previously in  Wet Hot American Summer.",0
17558,WATCH: 3 PRESIDENTS Before Trump Promised To Move U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem,"On Tuesday, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California blasted President Trump for saying he would move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Feinstein claimed it would be a  terrible decision  even though she previously voted for the embassy to be moved. The hypocrisy of the left doesn t stop there Today, President Donald Trump announced that America formally recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital city, changing decades of U.S. policy in a brief afternoon speech and casting the move as a bid to preserve, not derail, aspirations for regional peace.The critics of Donald Trump attacked his decision. Meanwhile, the truth is, that for decades, some of the most beloved Democrats have used the promise of recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a way to get votes.In 1999, while campaigning for New York s US Senate seat, first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton said in a letter, that she considered Jerusalem to be the  eternal and indivisible capital of Israel  and will be an active advocate   if elected to New York s Senate seat   to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.In a letter that became public Thursday, Mrs. Clinton wrote:  If I am chosen by New Yorkers to be their senator, or in whatever position I find myself in the years to come, you can be sure that I will be an active, committed advocate for a strong and secure Israel, able to live in peace with its neighbors, with the United States Embassy located in its capital, Jerusalem. Hillary s not the only one to promise, that if elected, they would move heaven and earth to make Jerusalem the rightful capital of Israel. As it turns out, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama (twice) also made the same promise. The only problem is, none of them had the courage to do it.Watch:When President @realDonaldTrump announced that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, he fulfilled another campaign promise, in addition to those that go back 25 years . pic.twitter.com/P7M2dEx2qT  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) December 7, 2017Here s why our courageous president, Donald Trump was right to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel:Matthew Continetti of the Washington Free Beacon wrote the best article on Trump s bold decision to move the US embassy to Jerusalem that we have seen to date.Not only is President Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and begin the process of moving the U.S. embassy there one of the boldest moves of his presidency. It is one of the boldest moves any U.S. president has made since the beginning of the Oslo  peace process  in 1993. That process collapsed at Camp David in 2000 when Yasir Arafat rejected President Clinton s offer of a Palestinian state. And the process has been moribund ever since, despite multiple attempts to restart it.That is why the warnings from Trump critics that his decision may wreck the peace process ring hollow. There is no peace process to wreck. The conflict is frozen. And the largest barriers to the resumption of negotiations are found not in U.S. or Israeli policy but in Palestinian autocracy, corruption, and incitement. Have the former Obama administration officials decrying Trump s announcement read a newspaper lately? From listening to them, you d think it would be all roses and ponies in the Middle East but for Trump. In fact, the region is engulfed in war, terrorism, poverty, and despotism; Israel faces threats in the north and south; its sworn enemy, Iran, is growing in influence and reach; and the delegitimization of the Jewish State proceeds apace in international organizations and on college campuses. I forget how the Obama administration advanced the cause of peace by pressuring Israel while rewarding the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Maybe someone will remind me.One of the reasons the Middle East persists in its decrepit condition is that it has been, for decades, a playground of magical thinking. Whether it is believing that poverty is the cause of terrorism or that the Ayatollah Khamenei is a good-faith partner, whether it is imagining that Assad will go just because we tell him to or that ISIS is akin to a terrorist  JV team,  liberal internationalists have all too eagerly accepted an alternative picture of the Middle East that is much more flattering than the actuality. A similar form of doublethink is present in our discussions over Jerusalem. Every Israeli knows Jerusalem was, is, and will remain his capital. Every recent president has agreed with him. And the U.S. consensus has been bipartisan. The last four Democratic platforms have said the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. The Senate voted 90-0 only six months ago urging the embassy be moved to the ancient city. Were we to take seriously neither these platforms nor that vote? Was it all virtue-signaling, a bunch of empty gestures in the kabuki theater of U.S. diplomacy?It is a sign of the disingenuousness of American foreign policy that it required someone from outside this system to behave as if words have meaning. President Trump has no background in or admiration for the routines, manners, and norms of the U.S. foreign service, especially that part of it which specializes in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. This has enabled him to state unequivocally the fact others would prefer to avoid: Jerusalem is Israel s capital, full stop. His transactional nature also brought him to this fateful recognition. In March 2016, at the AIPAC policy conference, he pledged that  We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem.  His remarks today make clear his intention to fulfill that promise and to cement his support within the pro-Israel community.I wonder about the journalists and flacks and politicians criticizing this literal reading of U.S. law as  disruptive.  Have they not paid attention to this man? Donald Trump s purpose in office is to disrupt if not overturn the patterns of governance and ideological consensus that have dominated the U.S. capital for decades. In this sense, his Jerusalem policy is his presidency in microcosm. He is acting on a common sense appraisal of the world and satisfying the wishes of his supporters without regard to global or domestic elite opinion. What Trump knows more than the art of the deal is the art of the bluff and how to call one. By keeping his campaign promise today, he has called the bluff of everyone who thought the United States could have its cake and eat it too on the question of Israel s capital. And by moving our embassy to Jerusalem, the United States will acknowledge Israel s right to determine its own capital city. That is not something to condemn or fear. It is something to be proud of.",0
17559,"HANDPICKED SUCCESSOR And Son Of DISGRACED Lawmaker John Conyers Reportedly Body-Slammed, Spit Upon and Slit His Girlfriend With Knife","The disgraced Representative John Conyers (D-MI) was not about to quit his job as an elected official before he hand-selected his son as his successor. Never mind that his son has absolutely no experience in politics. His last name is  Conyers , and that s apparently enough for the 88-year old politician. But is that really all they need to know about the 27-year old son of the disgraced lawmaker and the former Detroit councilwoman, Monica Conyers, who was recently released from prison after serving 2 years of a 3-year term for bribery?  And should anyone be surprised by anything that comes out of the mouth of the 88-year old lawmaker, who, in 2010, was caught on video, as he brazenly read a Playboy magazine on a domestic flight in plain view of other passengers, and who has recently been accused by multiple women of either sexually assaulting or attempting to sexually assault them.  John Conyers III also has an interesting background.According to NBC News, on February Feb. 15, John Conyers was arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse but wasn t charged, after his girlfriend called the police. The unidentified woman said the younger Conyers accused her of cheating on him, then  body slammed her on the bed and then on the floor where he pinned her down and spit on her,  according to a district attorney s report quoted by NBC News. The woman claimed that Conyers III took her phone when she tried to call the police, he chased her into the kitchen and swung a knife at her, resulting in a cut on her arm.Conyers III asserted that the woman had been drinking and using marijuana and tried to throw him out of her home before they began pushing and shoving one another. He said she threatened him with a knife and cut herself as they struggled.NBC reported that the Los Angeles County District Attorney s Office chose not to move forward with the case, citing a  lack of independent witnesses  and investigators  conclusions that it  could not be proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the victim s injury was not accidentally sustained.    FOX NewsConyers III also likes to think of himself as a  rapper . He recently made this video where interestingly, he refers to his father as a f*cking player  : Conyers III also caused public headaches for his father in 2010.Chicago Tribune   In 2010, MLive.com reported that John Conyers III was cited for speeding in his father s Cadillac Escalade   or rather, the government-leased vehicle his father used as a member of Congress.There were also reports that year that the younger Conyers had driven the vehicle to a rap concert and that it was broken into, according to MLive.com. The then-20-year-old reported to police that two laptops had been stolen from the Cadillac, along with tens of thousands of dollars worth of concert tickets.After the incident, the elder Conyers apologized.",0
17560,COMEDIAN LENA DUNHAM WARNED Hillary’s Campaign “Harvey Weinstein’s A RAPIST”…What Clinton’s Campaign Did Next Is Disgusting,"Actress Lena Dunham said she warned Hillary Clinton s campaign about disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and was uncomfortable with his presence during the 2016 presidential campaign, according to a report out Tuesday.The  Girls  star told The New York Times that she heard stories about Weinstein from other actresses who claimed they had troubling interactions with him, so in March of 2016 she warned Clinton campaign deputy communications manager Kristina Schake about him. I just want you to let you know that Harvey s a rapist and this is going to come out at some point,  Dunham said she told the campaign.  I think it s a really bad idea for him to host fund-raisers and be involved because it s an open secret in Hollywood that he has a problem with sexual assault. Dunham, who has professed  an incredible allegiance to Hillary,  claimed Schake told her she d relay the message to campaign manager Robby Mook, but that she was surprised at the warning.The controversial actress said she also told another Clinton campaign member, spokeswoman Adrienne Elrod, about Weinstein. Dunham said  the campaign had not responded to her concerns  about the disgraced megaproducer, who s been accused of sexually assaulting or harassing more than 100 women.Weinstein donated thousands of dollars to Clinton s political campaigns over the years, and it took the former secretary of state five days to break her silence following the accusations made against him. I was shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein,  the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said in a statement through campaign communications director Nick Merrill.  The behavior described by women coming forward cannot be tolerated. Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior.   Fox News ",0
17561,WHY TRUMP IS RIGHT To Recognize Jerusalem As Israel’s Capital,"After it was announced that President Trump was seriously considering moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, he was roundly criticized by the anti-Trump media. Today, Democrats have announced they are drawing up the impeachment papers. Pope Francis appealed to President Trump to reconsider his decision so as not to offend anyone. In his appeal, Pope Francis said,  Jerusalem is a unique city, sacred to Jews, Christians, and Muslims who venerate the holy places of their respective religions, and has a special vocation to peace.   And yawn in Gaza, where the more things change, the more they stay the same, Palestinians burned the U.S. and Israeli flags.The media will try to make everyone believe that Palestinians loved us when Obama was President, even though there is no truth to that fantasy. (See image below)Daily Mail   President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that America formally recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital city, changing decades of U.S. policy in a brief afternoon speech and casting the move as a bid to preserve, not derail, aspirations for regional peace.Appearing in the White House s Diplomatic Reception Room against an elaborate backdrop of Christmas decorations, He also said the United States embassy in Israel would, over time, be moved there from Tel Aviv.Israel is the only country where the United States has an embassy in a city that the host nation does not consider its capital. I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,  Trump said.  While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today I am delivering. When I came into office I promised to look at the world s challenges with open eyes and very fresh thinking,  he said, leaning heavily on a mid-1990s federal law that demanded the embassy s relocation. We have declined to acknowledge any Israeli capital   at all,  Trump added.  But today we finally acknowledge the obvious, that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. This is nothing more or less than a recognition of reality. It is also the right thing to do. It is something that has to be done. Matthew Continetti of the Washington Free Beacon seems to think so. Continetti wrote the best piece on Trump s bold decision to move the embassy that we have seen to date.Not only is President Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and begin the process of moving the U.S. embassy there one of the boldest moves of his presidency. It is one of the boldest moves any U.S. president has made since the beginning of the Oslo  peace process  in 1993. That process collapsed at Camp David in 2000 when Yasir Arafat rejected President Clinton s offer of a Palestinian state. And the process has been moribund ever since, despite multiple attempts to restart it.That is why the warnings from Trump critics that his decision may wreck the peace process ring hollow. There is no peace process to wreck. The conflict is frozen. And the largest barriers to the resumption of negotiations are found not in U.S. or Israeli policy but in Palestinian autocracy, corruption, and incitement. Have the former Obama administration officials decrying Trump s announcement read a newspaper lately? From listening to them, you d think it would be all roses and ponies in the Middle East but for Trump. In fact, the region is engulfed in war, terrorism, poverty, and despotism; Israel faces threats in the north and south; its sworn enemy, Iran, is growing in influence and reach; and the delegitimization of the Jewish State proceeds apace in international organizations and on college campuses. I forget how the Obama administration advanced the cause of peace by pressuring Israel while rewarding the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Maybe someone will remind me.A similar form of doublethink is present in our discussions over Jerusalem. Every Israeli knows Jerusalem was, is, and will remain his capital. Every recent president has agreed with him. And the U.S. consensus has been bipartisan. The last four Democratic platforms have said the obvious: that Jerusalem is Israel s capital. The Senate voted 90-0 only six months ago urging the embassy be moved to the ancient city. Were we to take seriously neither these platforms nor that vote? Was it all virtue-signaling, a bunch of empty gestures in the kabuki theater of U.S. diplomacy?It is a sign of the disingenuousness of American foreign policy that it required someone from outside this system to behave as if words have meaning. President Trump has no background in or admiration for the routines, manners, and norms of the U.S. foreign service, especially that part of it which specializes in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. This has enabled him to state unequivocally the fact others would prefer to avoid: Jerusalem is Israel s capital, full stop. His transactional nature also brought him to this fateful recognition. In March 2016, at the AIPAC policy conference, he pledged that  We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem.  His remarks today make clear his intention to fulfill that promise and to cement his support within the pro-Israel community.I wonder about the journalists and flacks and politicians criticizing this literal reading of U.S. law as  disruptive.  Have they not paid attention to this man? Donald Trump s purpose in office is to disrupt if not overturn the patterns of governance and ideological consensus that have dominated the U.S. capital for decades. In this sense, his Jerusalem policy is his presidency in microcosm. He is acting on a common sense appraisal of the world and satisfying the wishes of his supporters without regard to global or domestic elite opinion. What Trump knows more than the art of the deal is the art of the bluff and how to call one. By keeping his campaign promise today, he has called the bluff of everyone who thought the United States could have its cake and eat it too on the question of Israel s capital. And by moving our embassy to Jerusalem, the United States will acknowledge Israel s right to determine its own capital city. That is not something to condemn or fear. It is something to be proud of. ",0
17562,BARACK OBAMA GOES THERE…Compares President Trump To Hitler In Front Of Chicago Audience,"Crains Chicago Business   American democracy is fragile, and unless care is taken it could follow the path of Nazi Germany in the 1930s.Mixed in with many softer comments, that was the somewhat jaw-dropping bottom line of Barack Obama last night as, in a Q&A session before the Economic Club of Chicago, the Chicagoan who used to be president dropped a bit of red meat to a hometown crowd that likely is a lot closer to him than the man whose name never was mentioned: President Donald Trump.Obama s comments came after a series of playful questions from moderator and Ariel Investments President Mellody Hobson in the great Batman vs. Superman debate, for instance, we learned Obama sides with Batman before she eventually asked him what he s learned as a world citizen of sorts.One thing he s learned is that  things don t happen internationally if we don t put our shoulder to the wheel,  Obama said, speaking of the U.S.  No other country has the experience and bandwith and ideals. . . .If the U.S. doesn t do it, it s not going to happen. Obama gave one specific example, but it was a solid one: Ebola. To fight the virus the U.S. did everything from build an airport tarmac in Africa to send in medical teams and ferry medicos from other countries.  We probably saved a million lives by doing that,  he said.At least indirectly, those comments could be seen as criticism of Trump, whose foreign policy focuses on an  America first  paradigm that critics say distracts from this country s unique role.Obama moved from that to talking about a nativist mistrust and unease that has swept around the world. He argued that such things as the speed of technical change and the uneven impact of globalization have come too quickly to be absorbed in many cultures, bringing strange new things and people to areas in which  people didn t (used to) challenge your assumptions.  As a result,  nothing feels solid,  he said.  Sadly, there s something in us that looks for simple answers when we re agitated. Still, the U.S. has survived tough times before and will again, he noted, particularly mentioning the days of communist fighter Joseph McCarthy and former President Richard Nixon. But one reason the country survived is because it had a free press to ask questions, Obama added. Though he has problems with the media just like Trump has had,  what I understood was the principle that the free press was vital. The danger is  grow(ing) complacent,  Obama said.  We have to tend to this garden of democracy or else things could fall apart quickly. That s what happened in Germany in the 1930s which, despite the democracy of the Weimar Republic and centuries of high-level cultural and scientific achievements, Adolph Hitler rose to dominate, Obama noted.  Sixty million people died. . . .So, you ve got to pay attention. And vote. ",0
17563,KATIE HOPKINS WARNS AMERICANS Of Grave Danger Ahead: “Do Not Let This Great Country Become The United Kingdom” [VIDEO],"Former British Army officer, outspoken, conservative, radio and tv talk show host, Katie Hopkins warned Americans to fight back against the appeasement and political correctness in the United States of America.British conservative icon, Katie Hopkins gave a blistering speech about the dangers of political correctness and appeasement at the David Horowitz Restoration weekend in Palm Beach, Florida. Look at us, let us be a warning. Be better than us. I ve watched my country fall apart, and I want to warn others before they let their country do the same. And believe me, I love my country. Katie touched on many topics that most Americans are afraid to address. Hopkins reveals a horrifying story of a Muslim woman, who along with her boyfriend, was recently sentenced to prison, after a plot to behead Hopkins was uncovered. Hopkins also shares horrifying stories of multiple British citizens who have lost their lives, their limbs or suffer serious scars, as a result of acts of jihad against them by Muslim immigrants in their homeland of  Great Britain, after their nation welcomed them in with open arms. Do not allow America to fall as Europe has fallen, Hopkins told the crowd.Hopkins started out her speech with her usual biting and politically incorrect humor, by assuring the crowd she is not the outspoken, gay, conservative Milo Yiannopoulis. She then assured the audience that she was not gay simply because she wears her short. In fact, Hopkins calls herself a minority in London, because she s a white, married, mother of three, telling the audience that she s now on the  extinct list  in the UK.Hopkins tells of the time she spent in the migrant camps in Calais and tells horrifying stories of how the workers conform to the rule of Islam, so as not to offend the migrants they are taking care of. She tells a story of a mother who dresses her young daughter as a son, so the migrant men don t come into their tent to rape her daughter at night.  Hopkins admitted that she was  naive , and that she quickly realized,  Migrants don t come for a new life and leave their old life behind. They bring them with them. All the old conflicts from back home. The Eritreans hate the Somalis who hate the Afghanis who don t speak to the Libyans. And they re still fighting. They come, they do not start a new life, they bring their conflicts from back home. Watch Hopkins powerful speech here (some language may be offensive):",0
17564,HYPOCRISY: DEMOCRAT SENATOR Criticizes President Trump For Moving U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem After She Voted To Move U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem,"You just can t make up stories like these Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.) on Tuesday castigated the idea of moving the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, saying it would be a  terrible decision  despite previously voting for the embassy move to take place. Reports indicate the president will move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,  the California senator tweeted.  I wrote him last week to explain why that would be a terrible decision. In an attached letter to Trump dated Dec. 1, Feinstein wrote that moving the embassy would  spark violence and embolden extremists on both sides of this debate. Here is the tweet:Reports indicate the president will move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. I wrote him last week to explain why that would be a terrible decision. pic.twitter.com/MV1o73nyDk  Sen Dianne Feinstein (@SenFeinstein) December 5, 2017The California Democrat stressed that the U.S. must remain neutral in the debate over Jerusalem s status, and that moving the U.S. embassy there or recognizing the city as the capital of Israel would  undermine any remaining hope for a two-state solution. Feinstein s tweet came on the same day that President Donald Trump told Israeli and Arab leaders that he plans to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the embassy there. Trump is expected to announce his decision on Wednesday.Moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem would be in line with a law that Congress passed in 1995 requiring  the relocation of the United States embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.  The measure, which also called for the U.S. to recognize the city as the undivided capital of Israel, passed the Senate by an overwhelming 93-5 margin.Among the senators who voted for the initial Jerusalem Embassy Act was one Dianne Feinstein.Feinstein actually played a key role in getting the bill passed by inserting a provision that would allow the president to issue a waiver to delay the embassy move six months at a time, if the president determined it was in the U.S. national security interest.Feinstein s move led 10 additional Democratic members to support the bill, giving it a veto-proof majority.Via: WFB",0
17565,JUST IN: UK LEADER Who Criticized President Trump For Tweeting About ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS Is Victim Of Assassination Plot By ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS,"According to CNN  UK Prime Minister Theresa May delivered a rare public admonishment to US President Donald Trump on Thursday, declaring that he was  wrong  to share anti-Muslim videos posted online by a  hateful  British far-right group.May, facing intense pressure to cancel a planned state visit by Trump, was forced to address the controversy in person after the President criticized her on Twitter. But she insisted the US-UK relationship would survive the storm, and suggested the visit by Trump would go ahead.As the extraordinary diplomatic clash stretched into a second day, the British ambassador to the US revealed he had expressed concerns to the White House about the affair. Trump also faced an unprecedented barrage of criticism in UK Parliament, where MPs variously called him  racist,   fascist  and  evil.  Some suggested he should quit Twitter.Donald Trump responded to Theresa May s criticism of his Britain First retweets by tweeting back to her: Theresa@theresamay, don t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! Many, including us, wonder if British Prime Minister Theresa May is still feeling the same way about Islamic extremists in the UK after her own life was threatened by the same group of people she attempted to defend last week.Less than one week later, British Intelligence announced that they ve foiled a plot by Islamic extremists to assassinate Prime Minister Theresa May.The disrupted plot against May included an explosive device that terrorists planned to detonate in front of May s residence on Downing Street, according to Sky News. It is in essence an extreme Islamist suicide plot against Downing Street,  Sky correspondent Martin Brunt said. Essentially police believe that the plan was to launch some sort of improvised explosive device at Downing Street and in the ensuing chaos attack and kill Theresa May, the Prime Minister. Sky s Crime Correspondent Martin Brunt said:  It s the latest in a number of terror plots that police and MI5 believe they ve foiled this year. I understand that the head of MI5, Andrew Parker, briefed Cabinet ministers today, such is the seriousness of what they believed they have uncovered. It is in essence an extreme Islamist suicide plot against Downing Street. Essentially police believe that the plan was to launch some sort of improvised explosive device at Downing Street and in the ensuing chaos attack and kill Theresa May, the Prime Minister. This is something which has been pursued over several weeks at least by Scotland Yard, MI5 and West Midlands Police. It came to a head last week with the arrest of two men, by armed police, who were charged with preparing acts of terrorism. Naa imur Zakariyah Rahman, 20, from north London and Mohammed Aqib Imran, 21, from south-east Birmingham are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates  Court on terror charges on Wednesday morning.On Tuesday MI5 revealed that it had prevented nine terror attacks in the UK in the past year but several attackers have still got through.The plot was just one in a number of planned attacks this year that cops and British security services have been able to prevent, Sky said.It was not clear Tuesday night what stage the plot was in or if any suspects have been arrested.  NYP ",0
17566,BREAKING NEWS: Leftist Media Publishes Major Fake Russian Story AGAIN…Special Counsel Mueller NEVER Subpoenaed Trump’s Deutsche Bank Records,"How many times in one week can ABC News publish fake Russian collusion stories and still be considered a reliable source of news? ABC News suspended Brian Ross after he made a false report about Trump directing his NSA Michael Flynn to meet with the Russians during his campaign. After the Stock Market lost 350 points, ABC News was forced to admit that Trump s discussion about meeting with the Russian Ambassador took place while Flynn was part of Trump s transition team and not when Trump was a candidate.Yesterday, ABC News tweeted a story about Paul Manafort, saying that he was working with a Russian Intelligence-connected official. They were forced to tweet a correction seveal hours later , stating that the person Manafort met with was not an official  but instead, an  individual .  Big difference Today, ABC News jumped on the rabid lefitst media bandwagon again today to report that Special Counsel Robert Muller had supbeonaed Deutsche Bank for Trump s financial records. That story also turned out to be fake news.John Roberts of FOX News reports: A source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller s office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump financesA source with knowledge of the investigation tells @FoxNews that there has been no subpoena from Robert Mueller's office sent to Deutsche Bank asking for information on @realDonaldTrump finances  John Roberts (@johnrobertsFox) December 5, 2017President Trump s legal team is pushing back against reports that Special Counsel Robert Mueller has called on Deutsche Bank to submit data pertaining to its client relationship with President Trump as part of his investigation into alleged Russian election meddling. We have confirmed that the news reports that the special counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false,  said Jay Sekulow, a member of Trump s legal team.  No subpoena has been issued or received. We have confirmed this with the bank and other sources. Bloomberg, citing an unnamed source, reported that Mueller is seeking information on the German lender and its relationship with Trump and his family. Trump reportedly owes the bank $300 million.  Fox News",0
17567,JUST IN: FBI Supervisor Fired For Anti-Trump Texts Oversaw Michael Flynn Interviews,"A supervisory special agent who is now under scrutiny after being removed from Robert Mueller s Special Counsel s Office for alleged bias against President Trump also oversaw the bureau s interviews of embattled former National Security advisor Michael Flynn, this reporter has learned. Flynn recently pled guilty to one-count of lying to the FBI last week.FBI agent Peter Strzok was one of two FBI agents who interviewed Flynn, which took place on Jan. 24, at the White House, said several sources. The other FBI special agent, who interviewed Flynn, is described by sources as a field supervisor in the  Russian Squad, at the FBI s Washington Field Office,  according to a former intelligence official, with knowledge of the interview.Strzok was removed from his role in the Special Counsel s Office after it was discovered he had made disparaging comments about President Trump in text messages between him and his alleged lover FBI attorney Lisa Page, according to the New York Times and Washington Post, which first reported the stories. Strzok is also under investigation by the Department of Justice Inspector General for his role in Hillary Clinton s email server and the ongoing investigation into Russia s election meddling. On Saturday, the House Intelligence Committee s Chairman Devin Nunes chided the Justice Department and the FBI for not disclosing why Strzok had been removed from the Special Counsel three months ago, according to a statement given by the Chairman.The former U.S. intelligence official told this reporter,  with the recent revelation that Strzok was removed from the Special Counsel investigation for making anti-Trump text messages it seems likely that the accuracy and veracity of the 302 of Flynn s interview as a whole should be reviewed and called into question. The most logical thing to happen would be to call the other FBI Special Agent present during Flynn s interview before the Grand Jury to recount his version,  the former intelligence official added.The former official also said that  Strzok s allegiance to (Deputy Director Andrew) McCabe was unwavering and very well known. Flynn, a retired three-star general, issued a statement on Dec. 1, saying,  it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. According to another source, with direct knowledge of the Jan. 24 interview, McCabe had contacted Flynn by phone directly at the White House. White House officials had spent the  earlier part of the week with the FBI overseeing training and security measures associated with their new roles so it was no surprise to Flynn that McCabe had called,  the source said.McCabe told Flynn  some agents were heading over (to the White House) but Flynn thought it was part of the routine work the FBI had been doing and said they would be cleared at the gate,  the source said. It wasn t until after they were already in (Flynn s) office that he realized he was being formerly interviewed. He didn t have an attorney with him,  they added.Flynn s attorney Robert Kelner did not respond for comment. A former FBI agent said the investigation into Strzok and the reported text messages between him and Page, shows a  bias that cannot be ignored particularly if he had anything to do with Flynn s interview and his role in it. The former U.S. intelligence official questioned,  how logical is it that Flynn is being charged for lying to an agent whose character and neutrality was called into question by the Special Counsel. According to an anonymous source in The Washington Post, Strzok s and Page had exchanged a number of texts that  expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton. For entire story: Sara Carter, Hannity.com ",0
17568,WATCH: MEGHAN MCCAIN RIPS Into Joy Behar For Her Embarrassing Reaction To Brian Ross’ FAKE NEWS Report On “The View”," The View  co-host, and rabid, liberal, activist, Joy Behar, made a colossal ass of herself on Friday when she was handed a breaking news story in the middle of her show. Joy Behar paused the show to read the  breaking news  statement aloud to her viewers:  ABC News  Brian Ross is reporting Michael Flynn promised full cooperation to the Mueller team, and is prepared to testify that as a candidate,  Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians! Yes!  Joy proceeded to throw her hands in the air and toss the card containing what ended up being a fake news story, into the air, as a sign of her jubilation over the news that they finally  got  Donald Trump. Joy was not only telling her audience something that wasn t true, she was showing what it looks like when a partisan hack puts their own selfish desires above a potentially serious issue that, if it were found to be true, could potentially be a serious national security issue.Watch:joy behar getting handed the flynn news is the definition of, well, joy pic.twitter.com/Ush7sH5K3r  David Mack (@davidmackau) December 1, 2017Meghan McCain, who was clearly disturbed by her co-host Joy Behar s unprofessional behavior on Friday, gave Behar,  and the rest of the liberal The View panel a piece of her mind on the show today.Watch:The funniest and most delusional part of the video happens when fellow unhinged, liberal, activists and co-hosts of The View attempt to convince their viewers how Hillary could never get away with half of the things Donald Trump has done. EW- When it happened in real time, I think everyone who was watching the show could see my discomfort at the room erupting like the Dodgers had just won the World Series,  she said when the topic of the correction was first brought up. She then compared Behar s initial reaction to that of Rush Limbaugh saying that he hoped Barack Obama would fail as president. McCain explained,  If we re celebrating a breach of national security   it s going to tear our country apart. McCain then lambasted her co-hosts for spreading  fake news  with her on the panel.  I went to a Christmas party over the weekend; it s no secret, most of my friends are in conservative media, [and] I feel a lot like I m an astronaut from another planet to come here to try to explain both worlds to each other   that s how different I feel on this show sometimes,  she said.  And I will say that fake news, and what we did on Friday, that s what I was accused of being a part of. McCain is a conservative who has criticized Trump in the past. The daughter of Senator John McCain, she departed her brief stint as a Fox News host and contributor in September before officially joining The View the next month. On both Friday and Monday, she was joined on the panel by recurring panelist Ana Navarro, the anti-Trump Republican commentator who voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. Behar, who first broke the erroneous Trump-Flynn information on The View after being handed a card featuring Ross  reporting, is an outspoken Democrat.Ross has been suspended by ABC for four weeks, a decision the reporter publicly supported. ",0
17569,MINNESOTA MAYOR Has Classic Liberal Meltdown Over ‘White Privilege’ Denier [Video],"The latest liberal meltdown comes from Minnesota This reminds of the mayor who was stopped by the police and had a fake meltdown too (see below). Do these liberals all have a  meltdown handbook ?SDA reports:If you re a Social Justice Warrior, here s a standard set of tactics to get your way:Proclaim anything you wish, no matter how ludicrous.If anyone dares disagree with you, call them a racist, bigot, homophobe, or Islamophobe.If they dare object, scream at them that they are out of order and to stop interrupting you.Start shaking and crying, proclaiming how passionate you are about what you re saying.Do whatever you need to do to make yourself out to be the victim.Now that you understand this playbook, watch New Brighton, Minnesota mayor Val Johnson follow this script:Vote this crazy liberal lunatic out THAT S WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS LIBERAL LUNATIC: Thank goodness a police camera captured a Democratic county lawmaker bizarrely screaming, begging, invoking for special privileges, saying she s broke, claiming to suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and panting like she s about to keel over while she received a routine speeding ticket for driving 13 miles per hour over the posted speed limit. The legislator in the disturbing dash-cam video is Jennifer Schwartz Berky, a member of the Ulster County Legislature in Ulster County, New York.Becky obviously doesn t think the rules apply to her The incident occurred back in May. The video is coming out now   just in time for local elections   in response to a Freedom of Information Law request (and in spite of appeals by Berky s lawyer to suppress it).You owe it to yourself to watch this woman s epic freakout. There s groaning and whimpering. There are excuses galore.Mere words cannot do any sort of justice to the groaning, the whimpering, the excuse-making, the lamentation and the gnashing of teeth over a speeding ticket for going 43 miles per hour in a zone where the posted speed limit is 30 miles per hour.The New York Post has published an even shorter version   sort of a CliffsNotes summary   of Berky s amazing encounter with local police.Berky   who claims in the video that she suffers from PTSD   has an undergraduate degree in art history and a graduate degree in urban planning from Columbia University, according to a lengthy biography at the website of Ulster County s local government.She was  born and raised in New York City  but  has lived for several years abroad during her career and studies, and is fluent in Spanish, French and Italian. She lists three party affiliations in her bio. In addition to the Democratic Party, there is the Green Party and the Working Families Party, an ultra-progressive leftist group.She has been very been active in supporting her fellow Democrats and Working Families Party candidates in  federal, state and local elections. Wow! Koo Koo!Read more: Daily Caller",0
17570,DEMOCRAT DERSHOWITZ Slaps Down Feinstein’s Effort to Say Trump Guilty of Obstruction: ‘She doesn’t know what she’s talking about’ [Video]," I think this is hope over reality longtime Democrat and Harvard Law professor Allen Dershowitz ripped into Senator Diane Feinstein for making accusation of obstruction of justice against President Trump. He went through all of the reason why there is nothing to the claim by Feinstein that POTUS committed a crime. Dershowitz compared Trump to the crimes of past presidents and concluded that Trump is in the clear. He detailed crimes that Nixon and Clinton clearly committed but said that it s within the Constitutional powers that Trump did what he did by firing former FBI Director James Comey:  You cannot charge a president with obstruction of justice for exercising his constitutional power.   @AlanDersh pic.twitter.com/dPZBrIcsLh  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) December 4, 2017 She simply doesn t know what she s talking about    Dershowitz on Senator Diane Feinstein s claim that President Trump obstructed justice.This woman is another one who needs to go! She s gotten rich off of being in Washington and will probably only retire if she s pulled out of her office kicking and screaming. It s been a lucrative business for Diane and we re sure she doesn t want to see it end. Is she pushing the envelope politically because she knows her delusional liberal base will approve? Reelection over truth and integrity wins out with these people every time ",0
17571,WEEK #13 of NFL HELL CONTINUES: “Lots of Empty Seats For The Biggest Game of The NFL Week”,"Here are just a few examples of the empty or mostly empty NFL stands across America today:The stands appear to be mostly empty for the Atlanta Falcons V. Minnesota Vikings game, in what NFL fans were calling the biggest game of the week on Twitter.Lots of empty seats for the biggest game of the NFL week  pic.twitter.com/kQDZySMFtU  Brian Handke (@brianhandke) December 3, 2017Here s another shot of the empty seats at the Atlanta vs. Minnesota game in Atlanta:Caption: ""What s up with ALL the empty seats? 30% empty? Could it be tix are too expensive? Fans don t want to pay the PSL?"" (https://t.co/ceK9VSHPuT) pic.twitter.com/ZftCoDwwr8  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) December 3, 2017It appears as though Jacksonville fans found something better to do than watch the Indiana vs. Jacksonville matchup.Pic via an Indiana talking head #INDvsJAX RT @cliffWISH8:   available for the Jags playoff push. I repeat. pic.twitter.com/XfcVfkh5EJ  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) December 3, 2017Here s a close up of the empty seats in Jacksonville:What are those? pic.twitter.com/SYqmwKZyBl  Jags Ghost (@Battle4Duval) December 3, 2017Meanwhile, back in the Midwest, a lot of empty seats can be found again this week in Chicago s Soldier Field, that is usually a sold out venue:There are some empty seats here at Soldier Field. It looks like the Lions game two weeks ago: pic.twitter.com/rEfsrT0hD9  Adam Jahns (@adamjahns) December 3, 2017Here s a close up of the empty seats in the upper deck at the Bears game:A lot of empty seats in the upper deck today. #Bears pic.twitter.com/eqdnpdDbl7  Zack Pearson (@Zack_Pearson) December 3, 2017The north end zone doesn t look any better:Good amount of empty seats in north end zone. pic.twitter.com/YQJwnpvwGv  Jeff Dickerson (@DickersonESPN) December 3, 2017I know that I am a goat, but do I smell that bad? 49ers at Bears. Media deck. @EmptySeatsPics pic.twitter.com/7JiTEczWXh  prof. goat (@ProfGoat) December 3, 2017The Buffalo Bills played the NE Patriots, 2017 Superbowl championship team, and former NFL fans didn t seem to care enough to show up and watch the game :A lot of empty seats came out to see the Bills play the Patriots today @EmptySeatsPics pic.twitter.com/NgGSwdEkqP  Darin Weeks (@DarinJWeeks) December 3, 2017 ",0
17572,DEMOCRATS Get DEVASTATING News After Spending $10.1 MILLION To Defeat Roy Moore In AL Senate Race,"Roll Call   Democrat Doug Jones drastically outraised GOP nominee Roy Moore for the Alabama Senate race, new campaign finance documents show.Jones raised nearly six times Moore s amount ahead of the Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jones headed into the final weeks of the race with roughly four times as much money in the bank than his GOP opponent. Jones raked in nearly $10.2 million compared to Jones  $1.8 million. Jones also spent roughly 5 times as much as Moore during that period, nearly $8.7 million compared to Moore s $1.7 million.The Democrat Party, who up until just recently, was essentially broke, just got some very bad news today from reliable media ally, CBS News.As the majority of Alabama Republicans believe that the allegations against Judge Roy Moore are untrue, he now takes a commanding lead over radical leftist Democrat Doug Jones per a new CBS News poll.The CBS News/YouGov poll, conducted between Nov. 28 and Dec. 1, surveyed 1,037 Alabamians registered to vote in Alabama. It further segmented the poll results into some results among registered voters and others among likely voters. Among registered voters, the margin of error is 3.8 percent. Among likely voters, the margin of error is 4.8 percent. The results of the election, with Moore leading Jones, were broken down to likely voters.Another part broken down to likely voters was polling specifically about the allegations about Moore. Perhaps unsurprisingly, a significant number of Alabamians do not believe the allegations against Moore one bit.  Breitbart Despite all of the money Democrats have poured into the race, Alabama voters are not buying the media reports that decades ago, several women were victims of Republican Senate candidate Judge Roy Moore, who they are now accusing of being a sexual predator. After many of the women s claims were called into question, including the claim made by Beverly Young-Nelson, whose stepson said she s  lying  about having a sexual encounter with the judge, and whose yearbook that was allegedly signed by Roy Moore has been called into question as a forgery. And then there s another accuser, Tina Johnson who lost her 12-year old son to her mother in a  nasty  custody battle, in a case where Roy Moore represented her mother. It s entirely plausible that Roy Moore s sexual assault accuser, Tina Johnson, had an ax to grind with Moore, the person who was able to successfully prove to the court that Johnson was  unfit  to care for him.To add insult to injury, only yesterday, President Trump appeared with RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel to announce record-breaking fundraising of over $120 million, which McDaniel attributed to President Trump.Watch: ",0
17573,"FLASHBACK To Time When ABC News’ #LyinBrianRoss Tried To Tie Aurora, CO Mass Shooter To Tea Party [VIDEO]","As the name of the suspect, identified as 24-year-old James Holmes, first emerged Friday morning, Ross reported on ABC News that he d found a web page for a  Jim Holmes  on a Colorado Tea Party site.Here a transcript of the discussion on live television between George Stephanopoulos and ABC News  lyin  Brian Ross: GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: I want to go to Brian Ross here, because, Brian, you ve been looking- investigating the background of Jim Holmes here. You ve found something that might be significant.BRIAN ROSS: There is a Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado page on the Colorado Tea Party site as well. Talking about him joining the Tea Party last year. Now, we don t know if this the same Jim Holmes. But it s Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado.STEPHANOPOULOS: Okay, we ll keep looking at that. Brian Ross, thanks very much.Watch:After Lyin  Brian Ross  unsubstantiated and completely bogus report about the identity of a man who just shot and killed several people,  that could have put the life of tea party member Jim Holmes in danger, Ross simply apologized.Fox News  That man is not the same Jim Holmes. The Colorado Tea Party Patriots, whose website Ross was looking at, put out a statement criticizing Ross for even floating the possibility   noting the Jim Holmes with the Tea Party group is 52 years old and not the same person. The attempts of some media organizations to characterize the shooter as a Tea Party member without having made any effort to contact our organization are shameless and reprehensible,  the group said in a statement.Ross clarified on air Friday, as ABC News issued a formal apology. An earlier ABC News broadcast report suggested that a Jim Holmes of a Colorado Tea Party organization might be the suspect, but that report was incorrect. ABC News and Brian Ross apologize for the mistake, and for disseminating that information before it was properly vetted,  the statement said.On air later in the morning, Ross also said:  An earlier report that I had was incorrect that he was connected with the Tea Party. In fact, that s a different Jim Holmes. He was not connected to the Tea Party and what we do know about him is he is a 24-year-old white male who went to Colorado for a Ph.D.Here s Lyin  Brian Ross  apology after he got caught reporting fake news about the Michael Flynn s meeting with the Russian Ambassador while President Trump was a  candidate .",0
17574,TRUMP SUGGESTS People Should Sue ABC NEWS After Massive Stock Market Crash Triggered By #FakeNews Report On Michael Flynn,"President Trump is not giving ABC News a pass for their fake news story about Michael Flynn and his meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak when Trump was a  candidate  running for office. The President is suggesting that ABC News needs to be held accountable for the drop in the Stock Market that was triggered by their fake news story. Trump tweeted: People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused   many millions of dollars!People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused   many millions of dollars!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017Here is a screen grab of the Brian Ross  bombshell  story that appeared on the ABC News Twitter account, stating that Michael Flyyn promised  full cooperation to the Mueller team  and is prepared to testify that as a candidate, Donald Trump  directed him to make contact with the Russians.  that has now been deleted. There s a big difference between candidate Trump and President-elect Trump.After ABC News broke the General Flynn-Trump story, the stock market began its freefall.Americans were stunned by the news, and the media, who s been searching for blood in the water since Trump s inauguration, was in a feeding frenzy over the prospect of President Trump being caught directing General Flynn to meet with the Russians when he was actively campaigning. As it turns out, ABC News got it wrong. But no worries, several hours later, they  clarified  how the story should have read, and then later, after ABC News was getting destroyed on social media for their reckless reporting of fake news, they changed their  clarification  to a  correction . Here are side-by-side screen grabs of the tweets by ABC News: ABC News announced today, that they were suspending Brian Ross for 4 weeks over his horrendous error that caused Americans to lose millions in the stock market. 4 weeks?.@ABC News statement on Michael Flynn report: https://t.co/sd9TeFiiLQ pic.twitter.com/UtHFHeuwcM  ABC News (@ABC) December 2, 2017President Trump responded to the news of Brian Ross  suspension with a brutal tweet to ABC:  Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News! Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017",0
17575,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Beautiful Video Honoring The Life Of Rosa Parks Reminds Everyone Of DISGUSTING Way President Obama Made Anniversary of Parks’ Brave Act About Him ,"Yesterday, President Trump took to Twitter to honor the 62-year anniversary of civil rights icon, Rosa Parks. President Trump tweeted,  62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history    His message was accompanied by a beautiful video narrated by the President that featured the courageous act of defiance against a bigoted bus driver who attempted to make her sit at the back of the bus, simply because she was black. President Trump s video is a beautiful tribute to a woman who, much like Donald Trump, was a fighter. She wasn t looking for someone else to fight for her, she wasn t organizing a mob to fight back against injustice, she stood alone, she fought back, and because of her, America won. (Sound familiar?)62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history  pic.twitter.com/eOvCBcMIKX  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 2, 2017Five years ago, President Obama also  honored  the legacy of Rosa Parks. Obama, however, took a much different approach. Instead of focusing on Rosa Parks, and her contribution to the civil rights movement, Barack Obama posted a narcissistic photo of himself sitting on the bus, that s parked at the Henry Ford Museum, in Dearborn, MI. Apparently, Barack Obama felt that he deserved the spotlight on the 57th and again on the 58th anniversary of Rosa Parks  brave act of defiance.Here s how the former President Barack Obama  honored  Rosa Parks on her 57th anniversary:Today is the 57th Anniversary of the day Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat. Pic: President Obama on Rosa Parks bus pic.twitter.com/cFaKOYDt  White House Archived (@ObamaWhiteHouse) December 1, 2012Here s how President Barack Obama honored Rosa Parks again, on her 58th anniversary:Michelle was so impressed by her husband s arrogance, that she too, tweeted a picture of her husband to honor the life of Rosa Parks:For the record, there are plenty of photos of Rosa Parks that were available for the President and First Lady to use in their tweets.But somehow, the Obama s always seemed to take a moment that should belong to someone else, and make it about them.It s not the first time Barack Obama honored himself instead of the person he claimed to be honoring. We ve posted several images of Barack Obama honoring himself instead of the activist, hero or legend he was supposed to honoring.Here are just a few examples:Although he never mentions him by name or even bothers to circle him in this photo, where Barack Obama is clearly the center of attention, this tweet was supposed to be honoring the late golf icon, Arnold Palmer:Here's to The King who was as extraordinary on the links as he was generous to others. Thanks for the memories, Arnold. pic.twitter.com/UlyfpIBOL2  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 26, 2016In this tweet, Barack Obama says,  He shook up the world, and the world s a better place for it.  Fortunately, he added  Rest in Peace , otherwise, his social media followers would have no reason to believe that this tweet was supposed to be a tribute to the deceased boxing legend, Muhammad Ali, as once again, Obama appears to be the focus of the image with a photo of Ali in the background.He shook up the world, and the world's better for it. Rest in peace, Champ. pic.twitter.com/z1yM3sSLH3  President Obama (@POTUS44) June 4, 2016The former President honored Nelson Mandela by posting a picture of himself in the jail cell where Mandela was imprisoned:Compassion, understanding, and reconciliation on #MandelaDay, we are reminded of the promise for a better world. pic.twitter.com/vOpRlM4gwf  White House Archived (@ObamaWhiteHouse) July 18, 2016And finally, on Pearl Harbor Day in Barack Obama honored the dead, by posting a picture of himself on Facebook walking down the stairs next to the Pearl Harbor Memorial.",0
17576,"NFL CUTS FUNDS for Breast Cancer, Military Charity to Pay for Players’ $89 Million ‘Social Justice’ Activism","The NFL is toast They just caved to demands made by players to dump millions into a  social justice  boondoggle aimed at the black community. The problem is that the entire Black Lives Matter scam is a lie AND PLAYERS KNOW IT. There is now discord between players who feel differently about the kneeling protest. A lack of leadership by Goodell to put an end to the protests, has harmed the NFL  irreparably . The NFL is just another social justice program BOYCOTT!WHAT EXACTLY IS  SOCIAL JUSTICE ?The NFL met with a group of players and reached an agreement in principle late Wednesday night to partner on a plan to address social justice issues considered important to African-American communities, sources told ESPN.The unprecedented agreement calls for the league to contribute $89 million over seven years to projects dealing with criminal justice reform, law enforcement/community relations and education.During a conference call Wednesday night, Malcolm Jenkins and Anquan Boldin, who lead roughly 40 players who have negotiated with the league office about demonstrations during the national anthem, guided the group through the highlights of the package, which represents the NFL s largest contribution to a social issue, surpassing that of Salute to Service or Breast Cancer Awareness/Crucial Catch.The partnership came a day after some players broke away from the Players Coalition because of their dissatisfaction with how Jenkins and Boldin have handled negotiations. Commissioner Roger Goodell, believing that an agreement was at hand, was furious when ESPN reported that players were breaking off, according to one source. But during an afternoon call, Jenkins asked that the commissioner and the owners continue to stand with the players and allow them to do important work in the community.NO END IN SIGHT FOR PROTESTS:The agreement does not include language calling for players to end protests during the national anthem in exchange for funds; there s no implicit quid pro quo. But the NFL hopes this effort will effectively end the peaceful yet controversial movement that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started in 2016, when he refused to stand for the anthem.Via: ESPN",0
17577,JUST IN: VIDEO SHOWS Obama State Department Telling Reporters They Have No Problem With General Flynn Contacting Foreign Officials,"The stock market lost over 350 points after ABC News erroneously reported that General Flynn was in communication with the Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during Trump s campaign. It turns out that after the stock market plunge and the feeding frenzy by the leftist media, ABC News got it wrong. Flynn was actually in contact with the Russian Ambassador during the Trump transition period, which is an entirely different story. In fact, according to a video that was uncovered by citizen journalist Jack Posobiec, Obama s State Department told reporters during the Trump transition period, that the State Department didn t have any problem with the transition team meeting with any foreign officials (See video below). According to CNN correspondent Jim Acosta, the Obama regime actually gave the  go-ahead  for Flynn to have conversations with the Russian Ambassador: On Friday, the White House said that it was the Obama administration that authorized former national security adviser Michael Flynn s contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during President Trump s transition, according to CNN. Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Kislyak in the month before Trump took office, the first current or former Trump White House official brought down by special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russian election meddling. Court records indicate that his communications with Kislyak were directed by a Trump transition official, with multiple news outlets reporting that official was Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.  They are saying here at the White House that Flynn s conversations with Sergey Kisylak were quote,  authorized  by the Obama administration,  CNN correspondent Jim Acosta said.General Michael Flynn released the statement below: After over 33 years of military service to our country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the United States, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel s Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country. I accept full responsibility for my actions.    The HillWatch Obama s State Department clarifying to a reporter that they have no problem with General Flynn and the Trump transition team talking to foreign officials:Obama State Dept: We have no problem with General Flynn and the incoming administration contacting foreign officials pic.twitter.com/FwZDaHU8lO  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) December 2, 2017",0
17578,"20 TIME DEPORTED MEXICAN Laughs While Being Sentenced For Sodomy, Kidnapping and Sexual Assault In SANCTUARY STATE of Oregon…Tells Victims’ Relatives: “See All You Guys In Hell!” [VIDEO]","Next time you see a Democrat lawmaker, thank them for supporting sanctuary cities and states, and making every American less safe A Mexican man who was deported from the US 20 times has been convicted of 10 counts including sexual assault in Oregon. On Friday, Sergio Jose Martinez, 31, was sentenced to 35 years in prison in a Portland courtroom after pleading guilty to kidnapping, sexual assault, sodomy and several other counts, KOIN reported.Martinez smiled throughout the trial, and as he left, he gave one grim parting shot to his two victims  relatives:  See all you guys in Hell. The first attack occurred early on the morning of July 24, when Martinez entered the Northeast Portland home of a 65-year-old woman through a window she had left open to cool the house.Wielding a metal rod, Martinez told the woman to get down on the ground, where he bound and blindfolded her, threatened to murder her, and then sexually assaulted her, KGW reported.He stole the woman s purse and car; she called the police from a neighbor s home, and they located the vehicle and put it under surveillance.While they kept an eye on the car, however, Martinez was stalking his second victim in a parking garage on the corner of Northeast 21st Avenue and Northeast Halsey Street.He approached her carrying a knife and made her get into her car; as he got in after her she attempted to escape, but he was able to grab her and start slamming her head into the ground.The woman called out for help and as passersby approached, Martinez attempted to steal her car, then fled on foot when it failed to start. Police caught him minutes later.Two relatives of one of the victims, and one of the victims herself spoke during the sentencing phase Friday, in which Martinez often grinned.A brother of one victim told Martinez:  Sergio, no sentencing is enough. I rather you rot in Hell. Deputy District Attorney Amity Girt, the prosecutor on the case, said:  We had some very powerful victim impact statements that said it all. It was really breathtaking to hear the far-reaching consequences of violent crime, the emotional injury. Under the agreement that spared Martinez a possibly longer sentence if he had been found guilty at trial, he pleaded guilty to 10 counts, including first-degree burglary, sodomy, sex abuse, kidnapping, robbery, and second-degree assault.Martinez s lawyer, Jonathan Sarre, said his client  suffers from some mental illnesses; often such people may do inappropriate things in these situations. However, he acknowledged that a doctor had declared Martinez competent to stand trial.Martinez had been freed from jail in Portland a week before the attacks; he was in there for interfering with police and providing a false birth date.He was released despite a request from US Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the Multnomah County Sheriff s Office to hold him so the agency could take him into custody.Oregon became America s first sanctuary state when it adopted a law in 1987 preventing law enforcement from detaining people who are in the United States illegally but have not broken other laws.  Daily Mail ",0
17579,WALMART Is Selling “Made In Mexico” Apparel Featuring Domestic Terror Group [VIDEO],"The domestic terror group, Antifa, has been around for a while, but since Donald Trump s inauguration in January, they ve become more visible and increasingly more violent. Well, good news for Americans who support violent, masked, molotov cocktail throwing, ax and hammer-wielding punks, who run through major cities in packs, busting out windows, setting fire to vehicles, and pretty much destroying anything or anyone in their path, as a way to show their  resistance  to a Donald Trump presidency, Walmart now offers a line of  Antifa  apparel for you. If you re struggling to find the perfect gift for your violent, snot-nosed, anti-Trump student, or unemployed basement dweller in your family this holiday season, you can find it online at Walmart. Walmart is selling  Antifa  clothing that  will [allow you to] express yourself inside the opposition to the ideology, organizations, governments, and people from the far right (fascism). The mega-retailer is offering at least 13 different sweatshirts  made in Mexico of 100% COTTON for all-day comfort  promoting the group whose activities were  formally classified  by the Obama Administration  as domestic terrorist violence  as early as April 2016, according to Politico, despite the group s efforts to downplay this determination. Antifa,  or Anti-Fascist Action, is an informal grouping of communist, anarchist, and other far-left street gangs. Drawing inspiration from the German Communist Party s street fighters of the 1930s, the modern movement grew out of the European far-left punk scene in the 1980s. These unapologetically violent bands of leftists were largely unknown in the United States until recent years, when America s post-Occupy Wall Street far-left began adopting the name.This (anti-Trump) video provides a window into the violent Antifa group and how they destroy other people s property while running from cops and calling for them to be killed. Listen to Antifa chanting:  AK47 put the cops in  piggy heaven  on the streets of Washington DC during Donald Trump s inauguration at about the 1:20-minute mark. Watch what happens to the young Trump supporter who tries to speak reasonably with the Antifa terrorists about how using violence is not the answer, as he puts out a fire started by the terror group at the 9:20-minute mark:Antifa is well known for dozens of violent crimes against people they consider  fascists  on both sides of the Atlantic. Just remember to keep creating a better world,  the clothing advertisements encourage.This glorification of Antifa was mirrored Friday by the New York Times, which published a fashion style guide for the group:  practical advice on how to dress for a riot.  In their guide, the Times explains why a uniform look is needed, from Breitbart News s Charlie Nash: These defensive methods work only if there are enough black-clad others nearby. A single person in all black and multiple face masks is an eye grabber. Finally, the Times claimed that dressing in black militant gear and concealing your face forms an  emotional connection  with other rioters. Tactical considerations aside, it s this emotional connection with other members of the bloc that many practitioners highlight the most in interviews,  they proclaimed.  It s why soldiers and police have uniforms. Walmart has come under previous criticism for selling  Black Lives Matter  shirts and other items. Following a request from the national Fraternal Order of Police, the retail giant eventually removed one of the items last December, shirts that said  Bulletproof,  but refused to remove the rest.As with the  Black Lives Matter  paraphernalia, the Antifa products are being sold by a third party manufacturer, in this case, Tee Bangers, on Walmart s website.  Breitbart ",0
17580,FLASHBACK To 2014 WaPo Headline: “Obama Should Fire John Brennan” For Lying…Only One Year After James Clapper Was Caught Lying Under Oath,"Yesterday, the leftist media spent the day wringing their hands in anticipation of finally pinning a Russian collusion story on President Trump, after General Flynn admitted to lying to the FBI about meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, during the Trump transition period. It now appears that Flynn s testimony is a big nothingburger. In fact, if the media was being honest with the American people, they would be telling them that Flynn s admission doesn t hold a candle to the lies former President Barack Obama s regime was caught telling. Barack Obama s regime lied about matters that actually were much more serious in nature. Many of their lies were about covering up for the deaths of innocent Americans. From Obama s crooked former AG, Eric Holder, who lied about the illegal gun running program Fast n  Furious that was responsible for the death of US Border Agent BrianTerry, to the lies his former national security advisor, Susan Rice told, when she went on a media-blitz to knowingly lie, when she told Americans the death of 4 Americans in Benghazi, was caused by a video. It s got to be pretty bad, when a staunch Obama media ally, the Washington Post, tells him he should fire his CIA Director, John Brennan for lying.  From the Washington Post:In March, at the Council on Foreign Relations, CIA Director John Brennan was asked by NBC s Andrea Mitchell whether the CIA had illegally accessed Senate Intelligence Committee staff computers  to thwart an investigation by the committee into  the agency s past interrogation techniques. The accusation had been made earlier that day by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who said the CIA had  violated the separation-of-powers principles embodied in the United States Constitution.  Brennan answered:As far as the allegations of, you know, CIA hacking into, you know, Senate computers, nothing could be further from the truth. I mean, we wouldn t do that. I mean, that s   that s just beyond the   you know, the scope of reason in terms of what we would do. { }And, you know, when the facts come out on this, I think a lot of people who are claiming that there has been this tremendous sort of spying and monitoring and hacking will be proved wrong.Watch Brennan lie to Andrea Mitchell here:Now we know that the truth was far different. The Post s Greg Miller reports:CIA Director John O. Brennan has apologized to leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee after an agency investigation determined that its employees improperly searched computers used by committee staff to review classified files on interrogations of prisoners. { }A statement released by the CIA on Tuesday acknowledged that agency employees had searched areas of that computer network that were supposed to be accessible only to committee investigators. Agency employees were attempting to discover how congressional aides had obtained a secret CIA internal report on the interrogation program. Some employees acted in a manner inconsistent with the common understanding reached  between the CIA and lawmakers in 2009, when the committee investigation was launched, according to the agency statement, which cited a review by the CIA s inspector general. The CIA statement was first reported by McClatchy.That committee s investigation is said to be sharply critical of the CIA, finding that it exaggerated the effectiveness of harsh interrogation measures and repeatedly misled members of Congress and the executive branch. The findings are expected to be released publicly within weeks.After briefing committee leaders, Brennan  apologized to them for such actions by CIA officers as described in the [inspector general] report,  the agency statement said. Brennan also ordered the creation of an internal personnel board, led by former Sen. Evan Bayh (D-Ind.), to review the agency employees  conduct and determine  potential disciplinary measures. An apology and an internal review board might suffice if this were Brennan or intelligence leaders  first offense, but the track record is far from spotless. In 2011, Brennan claimed that dozens of U.S. drone strikes on overseas targets had not killed a single civilian. This remarkable success rate was not only disputed at the time by news reports   even supporters of the drone program called it  absurd    but as the Bureau of Investigative Journalism and the New York Times both reported later, President Obama received reports from the very beginning of his presidency about drone strikes killing numerous civilians. As Obama s top counterterrorism adviser at the time, Brennan would have received these reports as well, so either Brennan knew that his claim was a lie, or he is secretly deaf. Similarly, Brennan denied snooping on Senate computers six weeks after Feinstein first made the accusation to the CIA in private, which means either that he was lying, or he had ignored a serious charge against his agency for six weeks, then spouted off about it without any real knowledge   hardly the behavior expected of an agency director.And last year, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper lied under oath to Congress when he told Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and the Senate Intelligence Committee that the National Security Agency did not collect any kind of data on millions of Americans, a claim later disproved by documents leaked by former NSA employee Edward Snowden. Despite Clapper receiving criticism from both sides of the aisle, the damage to Clapper s and the White House s credibility on intelligence and civil liberties issues and, well, the fact that lying to Congress is a crime (though one that s difficult to prosecute), Obama has not disciplined Clapper in any way.",0
17581,ABC NEWS Gets DESTROYED On Twitter For Waiting Several Hours To Admit They Got Major Detail In Flynn Story Wrong…#FakeNewsABC,"After ABC News broke the General Flynn-Trump story, the stock market began its freefall, Americans were stunned by the news, and the media, who s been searching for blood in the water since Trump s inauguration, was in a feeding frenzy over the prospect of President Trump being caught directing General Flynn to meet with the Russians when he was actively campaigning. As it turns out, ABC News got it wrong. But no worries, several hours later, they  clarified  how the story should have read ABC News  major report on Michael Flynn and President Trump s direction on reaching out to the Russians has been corrected. Hours later. And Twitter is ripping the network over it.Per multiple reports earlier, Brian Ross  report that Flynn is expected to testify Trump directed him to meet with Russians  as a candidate  was followed minutes later by a drop in the stock market.But as Ross clarified on World News Tonight (video here), it was as President-elect, not as a candidate, and that is kind of a major difference.   MediaiteABC News also tweeted out a clarification and deleted its earlier tweet:CLARIFICATION of ABC News Special Report: Flynn prepared to testify that President-elect Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians *during the transition*   initially as a way to work together to fight ISIS in Syria, confidant now says. https://t.co/ewrkVZBTbc pic.twitter.com/GQAKwT1Eda  ABC News (@ABC) December 2, 2017Twitter users responded to the  clarification  by ABC News, who should NEVER have gotten this story wrong in the first place. Jim VandeHei, CEO and co-founder of Axio slammed ABC for moving the markets and setting off a frenzy with their  massive  mistake:Astonishing. The story moved markets, set off a media frenzy, suggested worst possible outcome. This is called a massive correction, or retraction, not clarification. https://t.co/uVUamf4jYY  Jim VandeHei (@JimVandeHei) December 2, 2017Associate editor of the Daily Caller reminded ABC News that their  clarification  was actually a  huge correction. That's a huge correction https://t.co/EIMaE0EkGu  Peter J. Hasson (@peterjhasson) December 1, 2017David Rubin reminded ABC News why no one trusts them anymore:  Reason nobody trusts the mainstream media 14,761 .Reason nobody trusts the mainstream media 14,761  https://t.co/1RQ7FRbava  Dave Rubin (@RubinReport) December 2, 2017Twitter user  Echo Lew  called out ABC News for blaming their source and not Brian Ross, their  reckless reporter  who actually made the mistake:Blame it on a source and not your reckless reporter @BrianRoss 'on air' tremendous mistake.  Echo Lew (@PhinsnNoles) December 2, 2017ABC News has apparently earned a new name to go along with their acronym.ABC   Always Broadcasting Crap  BNL NEWS (@BreakingNLive) December 2, 2017And then, finally, Twitter user Jake Blum called ABC News  out for reporting  fake news :This is so incredibly irresponsible and reckless. Sowing damage to the legitimacy of our government. Hard for you all to push back on the fake news label when this is so damn common.  Jake Blum   (@RealJakeBlum) December 2, 2017 ",0
17582,WHY IS AL SHARPTON’S “Half-Brother” Registering Thousands Of Felons To Vote In Alabama’s Controversial Senate Race? [VIDEO],"Pastor Kenneth Sharpton Glasgow claims he s Reverend Al Sharpton s brother, and he s registering thousands of felons to vote in the hotly contested, upcoming Senate election. When the local News 5 station looked into the pastor s claim, that he was Al Sharpton s brother, they made an interesting discovery.  Glasgow told News 5 that he was indeed Al Sharpton s brother and that he dropped the  Sharpton  because  we didn t want somebody that s a racist, a bigot, to try to kill me knowing I was Sharpton s brother  while he was in prison. News 5  performed a background check on Glasgow and came up with nothing.  They also called Reverend Sharpton s office in New York and spoke with Sharpton s media correspondent, who said he d never heard of Kenneth Sharpton Glasgow. It wasn t until they contacted Sharpton-Glasgow s mother, Tina Glasgow, that they finally discovered the connection.As it turns out, Glasgow actually has ties to Al Sharpton Watch the video below for the bizarre details:Much like his brother, the  pastor  is also a Democrat activist, and he is pulling out all the stops to help the party defeat Judge Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for Senate in Alabama. While the Democrat Party is begging for donors to help support Moore s opponent, Doug Jones, Al Sharpton s half-brother is busy signing up felons to vote in a controversial election, where every vote will count.Thousands of felons across Alabama have registered to vote in recent weeks, according to Pastor Kenneth Glasgow, who is heading up a statewide effort to get felons to the voting booth.Glasgow s goal is to get as many felons as possible signed up to vote before the end of the day Monday, the deadline to be able to cast a ballot in Alabama s Dec. 12 U.S. Senate special election. In the last month, I think we registered at least five- to ten-thousand people all over the state,  Glasgow, president of Dothan s The Ordinary People Society (TOPS) advocacy group, said Monday.  I ve got people all over the state registering people with my TOPS branches in Tuscaloosa, Birmingham, Montgomery, Enterprise, Dothan, Abbeville, Geneva, Gordon, Bessemer, we have a lot. For generations, most Alabamians convicted of a felony were barred from ever voting in the state again, but the Definition of Moral Turpitude Act, a new law passed by the state Legislature and signed by Gov. Kay Ivey in May, cleared the way for thousands of felons to restore their voting rights.The law lists several dozen felony convictions that are considered crimes  of moral turpitude,  which means that anyone convicted of one of them loses the right to vote; other felons are now eligible to restore that right. Previously, the list of crimes that some registrars considered to be  of moral turpitude  was not clearly defined, and many felons simply believed they could never regain the franchise.  AL",0
17583,MATT LAUER Called Out By Sandra Bullock For Creepy Sex Talk During Interview: ‘I’ve seen you naked’ [Video],"Former NBC anchor Matt Lauer claims he s planning on doing some  soul searching  now that he s got time on his hands after being fired for  sexual misconduct . He might want to take a look at the old footage of him awkwardly interviewing Sandra Bullock about a nude scene Yikes! Is it his tone of voice or just overall creepiness during the interview? You be the judge Lauer begins the 2009 interview about Bullock s film The Proposal by telling her how long it s been since he last interviewed her on the Today Show.He then adds with a smile:  The major thing that s changed since I ve seen you last? I have now seen you naked. Bullock cringes and replies:  And I m so sorry about that. Were you able to sleep afterwards? Lauer then says creepily:  It s now my screensaver,  before continuing to push the issue by saying:  You were naked for most of this movie. Bullock laughs awkwardly and insists:  No, I m not. I m not naked for most of this movie, [perhaps] emotionally naked. Lauer continues to question Bullock about how she, playing a publishing house executive, covers her body with a  wash cloth  during the scene in which she bumps into her assistant played by Ryan Reynolds after a shower.Later in the interview he brings up her nudity again, asking:  Did I mention you have a nude scene in this movie? Pretty much from the time you opened your mouth,  Bullock snaps.Lauer then tries to end the interview by saying:  Sandra Bullock, come back more often  but she replies no, not after this interview, no. Read more: Daily Mail ",0
17584,WILL OBAMA REGIME Be Held Accountable For Dirty Tactics They Used To Take Down MICHAEL FLYNN?,"While we re on the subject of lying to the FBI, when will Hillary Clinton be prosecuted for multiple crimes she committed while acting as our Secretary of State?  Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn admitted Friday to making false statements to the FBI, entering the first guilty plea in Special Counsel Robert Mueller s Russia probe   and agreeing to cooperate with investigators.A source close to Flynn said financial and emotional pressure helped lead to the decision to plead guilty, rather than endure a drawn-out court battle.As part of the deal, Flynn already is supplying information about the actions of top Trump transition officials.Though the individuals are not named, court documents show Flynn claiming a  very senior member  of the Trump transition team directed him to contact foreign governments including Russia over a United Nations vote   discussions tied to one of Flynn s false statements.The documents also say Flynn called an unnamed senior transition official in December to ask what to communicate to the Russian ambassador about sanctions. That official and Flynn discussed how they didn t want Russia to  escalate the situation,  something Flynn immediately told the ambassador in a phone call.According to the plea deal, Flynn has agreed to  cooperate fully, truthfully, completely and forthrightly  with the probe, with sentencing delayed until those efforts  have been completed. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, becomes the first Trump ex-White House official charged in the special counsel probe.His tenure at the White House was brief   he was fired for similar conduct, pertaining to his undisclosed discussions with the Russians   and Flynn had been under investigation even before the special counsel probe over lobbying work for Turkey and other issues. The fact that he faced just one count prompted immediate speculation Friday that Flynn was cooperating and offering information to Mueller s team.As for the past discussions between Flynn and transition officials, it s unclear which senior officials the plea deal referred to. But a former senior intelligence officer with knowledge of Trump transition activities told Fox News that then-President-Elect Trump directed Flynn during that period to contact the Russians   while also directing him and his team to contact 12 other countries. The transition team felt that the Obama White House had completely abandoned any coherent foreign policy and had to fill the vacuum,  the former official told Fox News.In a statement, White House lawyer Ty Cobb said  nothing  about the plea implicates anyone other than Flynn. NBC News tweeted Cobb s statement:Today, Michael Flynn, a former National Security Advisor at the White House for 25 days during the Trump Administration, and a former Obama administration official, entered a guilty plea to a single count of making a false statement to the FBI. The false statements involved mirror the false statements to White House officials which resulted in his resignation in February of this year. Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn. The conclusion of this phase of the Special Counsel s work demonstrates again that the Special Counsel is moving with all deliberate speed and clears the way for a prompt and reasonable conclusion. BREAKING: President Trump's personal attorney releases statement after Flynn plea:""Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn."" pic.twitter.com/TEygBKCx0W  NBC News (@NBCNews) December 1, 2017Conservative citizen journalist Jack Prosobiec asked a very good question about the tactics that were used to gain access to Trump administration officials by the Obama regime:Michael Flynn charges come after he was illegally wiretapped and unmasked by the Obama Administration and Susan RiceWhen are those charges coming?  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) December 1, 2017Watch Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton and ACLJ President Jay Sekulow lay out the case against Barack Obama officials and the felonies they committed when they leaked and improperly disseminate classified information and unmask members of the Trump transition team. Jay Sekulow explains to Sean Hannity, that,  The concern is the intelligence apparatus in the United States has rules, that they have to follow, like every other agency, and it appears that in the waning days, or maybe the last year of the former administration, they viewed those laws as advisory opinions and not law. When the unmasking allegations first surfaced, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) had plenty to say about the unmasking of Michael Flynn.On March 19, 2017, George Stephanopolis asked Senator Rand Paul about his thoughts on the unmasking of Michael Flynn. Senator Paul suggested that the person responsible for unmasking General Flynn should be in jail. Paul went on to say that you cannot allow this unmasking to take place,  or we will have presidents being blackmailed or national security advisers being blackmailed. Here s an excerpt from their conversation published by Politico:STEPHANOPOULOS: Finally, sir, you re also a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. WE see the president standing by that claim about President Obama. It s caused a rift now with British intelligence over the weekend. How big a problem is this for the president s credibility? How does he fix it?PAUL: I think that we know one thing for sure, that the Obama administration did spy on Flynn. Now, whether it was direct or indirect, somebody was reading and taking   a transcript of his phone calls and then they released it.It is very, very important that whoever released that go to jail, because you cannot have members of the intelligence community listening to the most private and highly classified information and then releasing that to The New York Times.There can only be a certain handful of people who did that. I would bring them all in. They would have to take lie detector tests. And I would say, including the political people, because some political people knew about this as well.But we need to get to the bottom of who is releasing these highly classified conversations. And if the president was surveilled, he probably wasn t the target. I don t know that he was or wasn t. But if he was, they probably targeted someone in a foreign government, but then they listened to the conversation with Americans.STEPHANOPOULOS; You don t believe President Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of President Trump?PAUL: Well, what happens is it s different than that. We target foreigners all the time, but they talk to Americans. They talk to the president. They talk to the national security advisers. And they re supposed to be masked.But there was something alarming the other day. General Hayden admitted that people all the way down to some of the lowest analysts can unmask who the American is. So, someone unmasked General Flynn and they re a low-level analyst, we need to be looking at their computer and find out if they unmasked that conversation and if they spoke with The New York Times you have got to put those people in jail, because you cannot allow this to happen, or we will have presidents being blackmailed or national security advisers being blackmailed.This is a huge, huge problem, bigger than anything else that s being discussed is the fact that private conversations from the intelligence community s perspective are being leaked to the press. That s not like a leak that says, oh, the president watches TV in his bathrobe, this is important to national security, you can t let it happen.Rand Paul was asked again about the unmasking of Michael Flynn on MSNBC s Morning Joe show. Paul told the leftist hosts backdoor searches are illegal and that they could be politicized. Paul said that Susan Rice should be placed under subpoena and she should be asked:  Did you talk to the President about this and did President Obama know about this?    Paul went on to say that the Susan Rice  unmasking  was a witch hunt started by the Obama administration because of sour grapes on the way  out the door. Watch, starting at the 6:30 mark:",0
17585,FOX NEWS Host EXPOSES Jimmy Kimmel HYPOCRISY After His Paid “Goon” Disrupts AL Church Service Where Roy Moore Spoke,"If anyone thought the man who s been attacked by the left for most of his adult life, was going to roll over and play dead, as the Democrats and their allies in the entertainment industry come at him with a coordinated character assassination attempt, they were sadly mistaken.Breitbart   The U.S. Senate campaign of Judge Roy Moore is firing back at Jimmy Kimmel and his paid trickster Rich Barbieri also known as  Jake Byrd for disrupting a worship service at which Moore spoke here on Wednesday night. Jimmy Kimmel and the  Hollywood elite  cross the line when they invade our Churches under a disguise and attempt to make a mockery of our worship services,  Drew Messer, a senior adviser to Moore, told Breitbart News on Thursday morning after the incident at the church on Wednesday night.On Wednesday evening, after the pastor of Magnolia Springs Baptist Church here in Theodore, Alabama, just outside Mobile warned attendees of a worship service at which Moore was speaking multiple times that it was against the law in Alabama to disrupt worship services, Barbieri proceeded to interrupt the worship service during Moore s speech.The pastor had earlier in the evening also warned event-goers against disrupting the worship service, so this constituted his second warning. But that did not stop Barbieri whose character on Kimmel s show is  Jake Byrd from disrupting the event and being escorted out by police.  Breitbart Watch:Turns out tonight's Roy Moore superfan is a comedian named Tony Barbieri, part of Jimmy Kimmel's gang. pic.twitter.com/ykeGKVDdkS  Ben H. Raines (@BenHRaines) November 30, 2017Upon discovering that the man who disrupted the worship service was a paid comedian on the Jimmy Kimmel show, Roy Moore tweeted to the despicable leftist comedian/ activist to come down to Alabama and mock their Christian values  face to face ..@jimmykimmel If you want to mock our Christian values, come down here to Alabama and do it man to man. #ALSen https://t.co/E7oQB9D83P  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 30, 2017So Little @jimmykimmel sent one of his goons to Alabama to disrupt a church service where Roy Moore was speaking. I doubt Kimmel would ever disrupt a service at a mosque  toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) November 30, 2017Roy Moore also responded to the leftist comedian, whose ratings are in the toilet, over his despicable comedian s stunt:Despite D.C. and Hollywood Elites' bigotry towards southerners, Jimmy, we'll save you a seat on the front pew. https://t.co/z7n6uaeyCj  Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 30, 2017 Was the Kimmel comedian s stunt about embarrassing Roy Moore, or was it more about jumping on the left s  Hate Trump s All  (or as the left falsely calls it:  Love Trumps Hate ) campaign? Based on the most recent ratings of late-night shows, the only thing keeping the higher rated late-night shows on the air is their unabated criticism of President Trump, that s used as fuel to keep their hate-filled, leftist audience fed.  Observer   While Donald Trump has been a huge boon for late-night TV ratings, one host who isn t enjoying an upswing is Jimmy Fallon. The good-natured nice guy persona Fallon has crafted on NBC s The Tonight Show is great for producing viral videos, but not so great for navigating a politically tumultuous era. As Stephen Colbert s The Late Show and Jimmy Kimmel s Jimmy Kimmel Live have continued to hone in on the Trump administration, and seen viewership rise as a result, Fallon has largely stayed out of the fray and is suffering because of it.According to the New York Times, Fallon has lost 21 percent of his audience year over year since the fall season began on September 25. Since February, Colbert leads late night in total viewers by a wide margin and Kimmel has been gaining ground over the last several months as well. NBC s top brass have combated these trends by noting that Fallon still leads the field in viewers in the advertiser-friendly 18 to 49 demographic, but the New York Times points out that even that gap is closing.Breitbart   Fellow senior Moore adviser Brett Doster bashed Kimmel for enabling Hollywood s culture of preying on women as seen by the recent downfalls of Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey. Last night, Jimmy Kimmel sent one of his goons to disrupt an Alabama worship service as a comedy prop,  Doster said in an email to Breitbart News.  For years, Kimmel hosted a show that exploited women and encouraged sexual impropriety. He and the rest of the entertainment industry look down their noses at our evangelical values while using their own pulpit to encourage the very behavior purveyed by monsters like Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey. It remains to be seen whether Kimmel will have the guts to face Moore s team head-on in Alabama, and own up to the actions of his staff. A Kimmel publicist has not responded to Breitbart News when asked via email whether Kimmel or Barbieri would be willing to defend themselves in an interview.",0
17586,SHOCKING VERDICT: Kate Steinle Murdered By Illegal Alien Who Walks Free [Video],"A shocking verdict and race baiting was on the menu tonight in the liberal bastion of San Francisco tonight The prosecutor in the Kate Steinle case won and then came out to make a statement where he attacked President Trump and waisted no time politicizing the verdict as it relates to gun control. He claimed that the president was  fomenting hate Huh? This is where we are in America right now: An illegal alien with 7 prior felony convictions murders a legal American citizen and goes free Americans last? Illegals first?LISTEN TO THIS JACKWAGON LAWYER POLITICIZING THIS CASE:Matt Gonzalez:  The physical evidence has always supported the finding that this was an accidental occurrence, and I think the jury came to that conclusion.  #TheStory pic.twitter.com/QDy4qNx4zZ  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 1, 2017HARD TO HEAR BUT MATT GONZALEZ POLITICIZES THE CASE: There are a number of people who have commented on this case in the past few years: the Attorney General of the United States, the President and the Vice President of the United States, let me just remind them that they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C., and they may themselves soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence and beyond a reasonable doubt standard,  Gonzalez says.  I would ask them to reflect on that before they comment or disparage the result in this case. Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez speaking to critics of the jury verdict, specifically @realDonaldTrump, who faces Mueller's investigation pic.twitter.com/gDoC2ccHOK  ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) December 1, 2017HOW IS WHAT CANDIDATE TRUMP SAID IN 2015 ABOUT THE STEINLE CASE  FOMENTING HATE ?: This senseless and totally preventable act of violence committed by an illegal immigrant is yet another example of why we must secure our border immediately,  Trump said in July 2015.  This is an absolutely disgraceful situation and I am the only one that can fix it. Nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. That won t happen if I become President. HEARTBREAKING TESTIMONY FROM KATE STEINLE S DAD:Kate Steinle s father testifies and says his daughters last words were  help me, Dad . Long Live #KateSteinle pic.twitter.com/r7uyK2amuY  Based Monitored  (@BasedMonitored) December 1, 2017ABC News reports:In a surprising verdict, the jury of six men and six women deliberated and came back with a not guilty verdict for Jose Ines Garcia Zarate. The defendant was facing second degree murder charges for killing 32-year-old Pleasanton resident Kate Steinle on July 1, 2015 at Pier 14 in San Francisco.While Garcia Zarate can technically walk out of the courtroom, it s expected that he will be taken into custody by Immigration officials and eventually deported back to his native Mexico.The case gained notoriety because Garcia Zarate is an undocumented immigrant who had been deported several times and had a number of felony convictions. Steinle s death became part of the immigration debate in this country. During his campaign, President Trump criticized San Francisco for its sanctuary city status.",0
17587,FORMER “BAYWATCH” STAR Tries To Flirt Her Way Past Secret Service,"Former  Baywatch  star Pamela Anderson tried to use her charms to get past the Secret Service to meet with Vice President Mike Pence. She wanted to speak with Pence about a pardon for Julian Assange of Wikileaks. Anderson has been connected to Assange romantically and reportedly visits him at the Ecuadorian embassy in London. She s also become more politically active in recent years because of her awareness of Assange s plight.Page Six reports:Spies tell Page Six that Anderson was in Manhattan filming a PSA at the JW Marriott Essex House when she learned that Pence was at the same address. The blond bombshell has said that she  loves  WikiLeaks founder Assange and visits him every two weeks in his  cramped  room at London s Ecuadorian embassy, where he s staying in order to evade extradition.According to onlookers, Anderson  marched straight up to the Secret Service and asked to see Pence. A witness said:  The Secret Service agent practically swooned and fainted when she walked up to him and started pressing her finger on his badge. Pam said,  I d like to meet the vice president.  But, the source added,  The agent did get it together enough to politely refuse, saying the vice president was busy. Pamela Anderson s attempt to woo the Secret Service was unsuccessful.When we reached activist Anderson for comment, she confirmed to Page Six:  I wanted to thank [Pence] for supporting protection of sources for journalists. He is heralded for co-sponsoring proposals for a  federal shield law,  which I deeply admire. This action would have allowed journalists to keep confidential sources secret   even if the government requested them.  She added,  I really wanted to mention this   it is a topic close to my heart. Julian Assange deserves a pardon, and I thought I might be able to help. Julian is a hero to most of the world s youth and free-minded thinking people. America needs to be on the right side of history. ",0
17588,WATCH: MI DEMOCRAT Candidate For AG Makes Ad Promising Not To Show Her P*nis If She’s Elected," Who can you trust most not to show you their penis in a professional setting?  Democrat Dana Nessel asks in the new ad.  Is it the candidate who doesn t have a penis? I d so say. She then makes several promises to her voters:  I will not sexually harass my staff. And I won t tolerate it in your workplace either. I won t walk around in a half-open bathrobe. The ad follows allegations of sexual misconduct against U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., and U.S. Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., among others.Conyers, who allegedly used taxpayer money to settle with an accuser, won t seek re-election next year, Detroit s WDIV-TV reported.Nessel, a former assistant prosecutor vying against Republican state House Speaker Tom Leonard and Democratic state Sen. Tonya Schuitmaker, told WJBK-TV that she does not think the ad crosses a line. I think the ad was rather tame when it comes to the news stories that have come out whether they are journalists, whether they re in Hollywood, or whether they re political representatives,  she said.  We ve heard some pretty lewd stories coming out.  Fox News",0
17589,BLACK CAUCUS MEMBER James Clyburn Suggests RACISM Is Motive For Rep. John Conyers Sexual Assault Accusers…”These Are All WHITE Women” [VIDEO],"U.S. Rep. Jim Clyburn could find himself in hot water.A writer for The New York Times Magazine and National Geographic tweeted that Clyburn invoked the name of Susan Smith, South Carolina s infamous child murderer, in his defense of Conyers. James Clyburn compared Conyers  accusers to the child murderer Susan Smith, who initially claimed a black man had abducted her kids. Clyburn said, these are all white women who ve made these charges against Conyers,  Robert Draper tweeted.When asked if that comment was true, Draper said he verified it through two sources, adding  Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel more than once, to members & staffers. Clyburn responded on Twitter, saying  This is inaccurate in many regards. The Congressional Black Caucus tweeted about the alleged Susan Smith comment, saying Clyburn  used the Smith example to illustrate the dangers of convicting people before getting all the facts. Umm yeah, sure he did.Meanwhile, Clyburn just kept digging a deeper hole. Following his baseless and disgusting and racist claims to Congress, Clyburn was met in the basement of Congress, where he was asked about fellow Black Caucus member and accused serial sexual assaulter, Rep. John Conyers (D-MI). His response was stunning.When asked about sexual harassment allegations against colleague Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.), Clyburn seemed to suggest elected officials should be held to a different standard than other public figures.In a video posted on Twitter, the 77-year-old Clyburn is walking to an elevator with Congressional Black Caucus chairman Cedric Richmond (D-La.), when asked  Other men in other industries have faced similar accusations   and gotten out of the way, resign, stepped down, far faster than he has, right   Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer? Clyburn s response,  Who elected them? CBC Chair Richmond asks for ex. of ppl leaving jobs faster than Conyers when face sexual harassment claims; Clyburn asks ""who elected them?"" pic.twitter.com/FGDNbvBUcg  Alex Moe (@AlexNBCNews) November 29, 2017That was followed by another question,  So it s different because he s elected,  but the elevator doors closed before Clyburn might have responded.A HIGHER STANDARDBut after 5 p.m., Clyburn posted his official statement regarding a House Resolution that read very differently than the flippant response to reporters in the halls of the Capitol.Congress must streamline the process, protect victims that wish to be protected, and ensure all allegations of wrongdoing are investigated with professionalism, urgency and due process. Read my full statement here, https://t.co/P3eEnkTIS5  James E. Clyburn (@Clyburn) November 29, 2017 As elected officials, we ought to be held to a higher standard,  Clyburn said in his statement.  Congress must review and improve the current administrative procedure for victims to come forward. All harassment and discrimination allegations must be taken seriously.    The StateClyburn took to Twitter again tonight to cover his ass:This is inaccurate in many regards. That discussion had nothing to with Conyers. https://t.co/EWeokwGn50  James E. Clyburn (@Clyburn) November 29, 2017New York Times reporter Rober Draper responded to Clyburn, refuting his claim that it had  nothing to do with Conyers .That discussion was specifically & exclusively about Conyers, according to 2 attendees. Who else could you have been referring to when bringing up Susan Smith? https://t.co/MtbIdDbxT7  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 29, 2017Liberal rag Buzzfeed, immediately came to Clyburn s defense:Clyburn's people dispute this. ""That is not accurate. That discussion had nothing to do with Conyers."" https://t.co/gqRSuZYi4Z  Paul McLeod (@pdmcleod) November 29, 2017Draper refused to back down and stated that his  sourcing is solid on this . Draper then went on to say,  Further, I m also told it isn t the first time Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel with reference to Conyers. My sourcing is solid on this. Further, I'm also told it isn't the first time Clyburn has used the Susan Smith parallel with reference to Conyers. https://t.co/vToUxKbgVW  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 29, 2017The Black Caucus then came after the New York Timer reporter Robert Draper:.@RepRichmond: ""This is not accurate. @Clyburn used the Smith example to illustrate the dangers of convicting people before getting all the facts. Although Smith killed her kids, she blamed an innocent person & a lot of people believed that innocent person was guilty."" 1/2 https://t.co/Rm5NkXk7BY  Black Caucus (@OfficialCBC) November 30, 2017Again, Draper stood his ground and refused to be bullied by the Black Caucus on this issue:Correct. But with specific contextual reference to Conyers. Are you suggesting this was some detached academic discussion in which Conyers wasn t brought up? Not credible & also not what the two attendees say. https://t.co/pOtph6T7qI  Robert Draper (@DraperRobert) November 30, 2017 ",0
17590,NBC MANAGEMENT “Protected The Sh*t Out of Him”: Details of Married Matt Lauer’s Disgusting Acts Of Sexual Harassment Are REVEALED After Democrat Fan Boy Is Fired,"NBC was called out by conservative news outlets, like Breitbart for refusing to disclose Matt Lauer s ties to the Clinton Foundation prior to his 30 minutes during NBC s  Commander-in-Chief forum  where he basically ignored every Hillary scandal during his interview with her. The longtime Today Show co-host had ties to the Clinton Foundation. Lauer was once listed as a  notable member  of The Clinton Global Initiative, the fundraising conduit of the scandal-ridden Clinton Foundation.Today, another close friend of the Clinton s saw his career as the highest paid morning host come to an abrupt end over sexual misconduct and assault allegations, as NBC announced that Matt Lauer had been fired from the Today Show.  Variety spoke with 10 past and present workers at the company who accused Lauer of a vast array of sexual misconduct, including the woman who claims that she was sexually assaulted by the show s long-time anchor beginning in 2014 at the Sochi Olympics.That woman also shared her account with the human resources and legal departments of NBC News on Monday.NBC launched an investigation into her claims on Tuesday morning which ultimately led to Lauer s firing that same evening. That swift response was still not enough for some women however, who said their complaints to executives at the company fell on deaf ears.Those interviewed said it was at the OIympic Games where Lauer made moves on a number of female staff members. Lauer would invite women employed by NBC late at night to his hotel room while covering the Olympics in various cities over the years,  claims Variety reporter Ramin Setoodeh. He later told colleagues how his wife had accompanied him to the London Olympics because she didn t trust him to travel alone.  None of the 10 individuals who spoke with Variety are identified in the piece, including the woman who got the sex toy along with  an explicit note about how he wanted to use it on her. That woman said she was  mortified,  while a fellow co-worker s state was described as  visibly shaken  after Lauer allegedly flashed her in his office.When she did not do anything, Lauer reportedly  reprimanded her for not engaging in a sexual act. His office was in a secluded space, and he had a button under his desk that allowed him to lock his door from the inside without getting up,  writes Setoodeh. This afforded him the assurance of privacy. It allowed him to welcome female employees and initiate inappropriate contact while knowing nobody could walk in on him. That information came courtesy of two of the women who spoke with the writer of the piece. He couldn t sleep around town with celebrities or on the road with random people because he s Matt Lauer and he s married. So he d have to do it within his stable, where he exerted power, and he knew people wouldn t ever complain. While not named, one woman, in particular, seemed to catch Lauer s eye according to thse interviewed for the piece. Several employees recall how he paid intense attention to a young woman on his staff that he found attractive, focusing intently on her career ambitions,  reads the story. And he asked the same producer to his hotel room to deliver him a pillow. Lauer s fixation on women s bodies and physical appearance is also a big part of the story, with multiple people saying that he would often play the game  F***, Marry or Kill  with staffers.One of the show s anchors would often gossip about Lauer s sexual escapades according to staffers while a former reporter said:  Management sucks there. They protected the s*** out of Matt Lauer.   Daily Mail ",0
17591,TRUMP DEMANDS INVESTIGATION Into “Accidental” Death Of 28-Yr Old Joe Scarborough Staffer,"With all of the stories of, TV hosts involved in sexual misconduct, it s a mystery why nobody brings ups the  accidental  death of Joe Scarborough s female staffer. Last November, President Trump called for an investigation into the death of Lori Klausutis, a 28-year-old staffer for then-Congressman Joe Scarborough. Many Morning Joe viewers probably have forgotten, or never knew, that the body of a female aide once was found in Scarborough s Congressional office. Investigators quickly saw that a blow to the head, delivered accidentally or intentionally, was involved in Lori Klausutis  death. There are also some serious questions as to the mental competency of the doctor who performed the autopsy, as well as an important question about why there was no time of death recorded on his autopsy.According to the Daily Kos: Joe Scarborough, a U.S. Congressman from Florida s 1st District from 1995 suddenly resigned only 5 months into his 4th term in September 2001. His reason? The classic  In order to spend more time with his children Curiously, just 2 months before he resigned, his 28-year-old staffer was found dead in his office.While Mainstream Media was hounding Democrat U.S. Congressman Gary Condit about his missing ex-intern, Chandra Levy, viewers heard next to nothing about Joe s intern, a healthy 28-year-old woman was found dead in his Congressional District Office in Fort Walton Beach, FL.Only two days after Scarborough s staffer was found dead in his office, the 9-11 terror attack happened, and this huge story was mostly ignored by media outlets. In a tweet calling for Scarborough and MSNBC president Phil Griffin to be terminated in the wake of Matt Lauer s firing, the president mentioned an  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago. So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!  the president wrote to his 43.6 million followers.So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the  unsolved mystery  that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2017Trump was referencing Lori Klausutis, 28-year-old office staffer who worked for Scarborough when he was a representative from Florida. Klausutis was found dead in the congressman s district office in July 2001.  The HillThe autopsy of Lori Klausutis makes no reference to a time of death. That raises new questions about an investigation that started when the 28-year-old woman s body was found in the office of then U.S. Representative Joe Scarborough in summer 2001.Accidental death was the official finding in the Klausutis case, with a cardiac arrhythmia causing her to fall and hit her head on a desk. But the recent discovery of human remains at a storage unit in Pensacola, Florida, casts doubt on that ruling. That s because the storage unit was rented by Dr. Michael Berkland, the man who conducted the Klausutis autopsy 11 years earlier.Berkland now faces a felony charge of improper storage of hazardous waste, and the grisly nature of the discovery calls his competence and perhaps his sanity into question.Daily Mail   Florida was not the only place Berkland ran into trouble over his work. In 1996, he was fired as a contract medical examiner in Jackson County, Missouri, in a dispute over his autopsy reports.Berkland had incorrectly stated on the reports that he had taken sections of several brains to be preserved as specimens for medical conferences and teaching purposes, AP reported.He claimed they were  proofreading errors  and the Missouri attorney general s office found they did not jeopardize any criminal cases.Berkland complained the actions against him were unfair because he was unable to present evidence in his defense. His doctor s license was ultimately revoked there. Independent blogger, Legal Schnauzer suggested in 2012 that Berkland s findings be dismissed and that his autopsy of the deceased staffer should not be trusted: Was the Lori Klausutis autopsy conducted in a professional manner? Was foul play prematurely ruled out? Should the investigation be reopened, perhaps with renewed scrutiny for Scarborough and others who might have had access to his office at the time?So it s hard to figure why the autopsy makes no reference to the time of death. (See full autopsy report here.)Why is that a key omission? Consider this from an online document titled  Determining Time of Death (TOD) :Why is it important to know the time of death?  TOD can set the time of murder  Eliminate or suggest suspects  Confirm or disprove alibisWhy did Berkland not include this critical detail? It s not as if his report does not provide plenty of other details. He tells us that Klausutis was wearing a white thong on the day of her death. (Page 7.) He tells us that she had a  shaved genital region.  (Page 8.) But no time of death?The core of the autopsy report can be found in the comment section, pages 3-7. This probably is the central finding:There is no doubt that the head injury is as a result of a fall, rather than a blow being delivered to the heading by a moving object. Lori has a classic  contrecoup  injury, or bruise to the brain, meaning that her brain was bruised on the opposite side from where the external force was applied. The left side of Lori s brain was bruised while the external abraded contusion (scratch and bruise) was in the right temple region. The contrecoup contusion results when a freely moving, mobile head strikes an unyielding, firm, fixed object in a fall, as in the floor, or in this case, the desk. This finding is in marked distinction from the  coup  contusion, or that injury which results from a moving object (example a ball bat) that strikes a stationary head. In the coup injury, there is bruising of the brain on the same side as the external injury. There was no coup contusion in Lori Klausutis.What would cause a seemingly healthy young woman, an avid runner, to collapse and lose consciousness, unable to break her fall? Berkland rules out some of the common causes of such an event a pulmonary embolus, a brain hemorrhage, a ruptured aneurysm, drug issues. He concludes:These facts leave only a cardiac arrhythmia as the reason to go unconscious and subsequently fall and strike the desk in an unprotected fashion. If Lori s heart was normal, it would be problematic to postulate a plausible reason for a cardiac arrhythmia in such a young person. However, her heart was not normal. The heart contained an abnormality (floppy mitral valve) that is known to result in cardiac ectopy and dangerous cardiac arrhythmias.All of this sounds reasonable. But given recent events, can Michael Berkland s work be trusted? Why on earth was he keeping body parts in a storage unit? And did any of those parts once belong to Lori Klausutis?According to the Daily Kos, Dr. Berkland and his supervisor at the time, Dr. Gary Cumberland were known to be high-giving donors to Scarborough s Congressional campaigns. Did their relationship with Scarborough influence any and all the results issued by the M.E. s Office?",0
17592,WHY MUSLIM IMMIGRANT Welfare Fraud Has Exploded… Latest Shop Owner Stole $1 Million!,"The cases of fraud, money laundering and theft of American tax dollars by Muslim immigrants is outrageous! The list just keeps on growing Why? Because the punishment is just a slap on the hand and these people are NEVER deported!The case below is just the latest in a string of Muslim immigrants who take advantage of our system:A man accused of running a welfare scam out of a Portland halal grocery is pleading guilty. The market sells meat permissible under Muslim law. According to federal court documents, Ali Ratib Daham is pleading guilty to federal food stamp and other welfare fraud. He is also admitting to money laundering and theft from the state s MaineCare program. Daham is agreeing to a jail sentence of at least 33 months and will pay more than $1 million in restitution to the government. In exchange, prosecutors are agreeing to drop dozens of other charges in the case.The plea deal will be considered in federal district court Tuesday. The guilty plea could cause him to be deported.They never deport these people, and tell me how is he going to repay $1 million when I ll bet the money was moved abroad a long time ago. Yes, these crooks send the money back home! America is a global magnet for all of the goodies we give immigrants. Did you know the feds give money to these people to start a small business? They then screw the system and make off with millions Taxpayers should be outraged! Via: FOX23 MaineA PREVIOUS REPORT ON THEFT BY IMMIGRANT STORE OWNERS: RING OF MUSLIM STORE OWNERS STOLE $16 MILLION!A ring of Muslim store owners played the system and made over $16 million  off of the American taxpayers BUT Muhammad Sarmad was sentenced to just 18 months in prison and 3 years of supervised release. Does anyone else see how this is a joke of a sentence for a HUGE crime? How is this a deterrent when the guy gets out in 18 months? Baltimore, Maryland   U.S. District Judge Richard D. Bennett sentenced Muhammad Sarmad, age 41, of Nottingham, Maryland, to 18 months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release, for conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud and wire fraud in connection with a scheme to illegally redeem food stamp benefits in exchange for cash. At the sentencing on March 27, 2017, Judge Bennett also ordered that Sarmad pay restitution of $3,550,662.Sarmad, co-defendant Mohammad Irfan, and other family members owned and/or operated New Sherwood Market, 6324 Sherwood Road in Northwood, Maryland; Martin Mart, 1504 Martin Boulevard in Middle River, Maryland; Rosedale Mart, 6326 Kenwood Avenue in Rosedale, Maryland; and M&A Mart 7400-A Belair Road in Baltimore. All of the stores were authorized to accept SNAP, except the M&A Mart. According to their plea agreements, from October 2010 through at least July 2016, Sarmad, Irfan, and their co-conspirators exchanged EBT benefits for cash, in violation of the food stamp program rules. Sarmad, Irfan, and their co-conspirators typically paid half the value of the EBT benefits in cash. To avoid detection, they often debited the funds from the card in multiple transactions over a period of hours or days, or called a different store where the transaction was processed manually. Since the M&A Mart was not authorized to accept SNAP, Sarmad or a co-conspirator would call one of the other stores to run the transaction at the other store and then hand out the cash at M&A Mart.Sarmad, Irfan and their co-conspirators received instruction regarding the requirements and regulations of the food stamp program, including that only eligible food items could be exchanged for EBT benefits, and that a retailer may never exchange EBT benefits for cash or non-food items. Sarmad admitted that from October 2010 through August 2016, Sarmad and his co-conspirators obtained more than $3.5 million in payments for food sales that never occurred or were substantially inflated.In addition to Sarmad and Irfan, nine other retail store operators have pleaded guilty to their roles in similar schemes to illegally redeem food stamp benefits in exchange for cash, and are awaiting sentencing. Three other defendants are scheduled to go to trial later this year.HERE S A LIST OF THE OTHER STORE OPERATORS ON THIS CASE:Walayat Khan, 36, of Reisterstown; Barbara Ann Duke, 50, of Owings Mills: Maria s Market Place, 307 S. Broadway in Baltimore; and Royals Food Market, 921 E. Patapsco Avenue in Brooklyn, Maryland. From Oct. 2013 to June 2016, Khan and Duke allegedly obtained more than $1,486,118 in payments for food sales that never happened.Shaheen Tasewar Hussain, 60, of Ellicott City: Shop & Save, 301 Crain Highway South, Suite D, Glen Burnie, Maryland. From July 2014 through October 2015, Hussain allegedly obtained more than $778,183 in payments for food sales that never happened.Kelym Novas Perez, 34, of Baltimore; and Jose Remedio Gonzalez Reyes, 50, of Baltimore: Kelym Grocery, 2734 Pennsylvania Avenue in Baltimore. From Aug. 2013 through March 2016, Perez and her husband, Gonzalez Reyes, allegedly obtained more than $879,500 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mulazam Hussain, 54, of Windsor Mill: Monroe Food Mart and Y&J Grocery in Baltimore. From March 2013 through July 2016 Hussain allegedly obtained more than $1,242,745 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mohammad Shafiq, 50, of Gwynn Oak, and his daughter, Alia Shaheen, 24, of Baltimore: Quick Stop Convenience Store, 237 N. Patterson Park Avenue; New York Food Mart, 1201 N. Patterson Park Avenue; and Barclay Food Mart, 2454 Barclay Street, all in Baltimore; and Shafiq Corporation at 6929 Holabird Avenue in Dundalk. From about Oct. 2010 through July 2016, Shafiq and Shaheen allegedly obtained more than $3,712,353 in payments for food sales that never happened or were substantially inflated.Mohammad Irfan, 59; and Muhammad Sarmad, 40, both of Nottingham: New Sherwood Market, 6324 Sherwood Road in Northwood, Maryland; Martin Mart, 1504 Martin Boulevard in Middle River, Maryland; Rosedale Mart, 6326 Kenwood Avenue in Rosedale, Maryland; and M&A Mart 7400-A Belair Road in Baltimore. From Oct. 2010 through Aug. 2016, Irfan and Sarmad allegedly obtained more than $3,550,662 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mahmood Hussain Shah, 57, of Catonsville, and Muhammad Rafiq, 58, of Reisterstown: Corner Groceries, 1242 Darley Avenue in Baltimore. From Oct. 2010 through Aug. 2016, Shah and Rafiq allegedly obtained more than $1,610,556 in payments for food sales that never happened.Rizwan Pervez, 38, of Essex: M&N Mini Mart, 1846 W. North Avenue; and Mega Mart1, 1522 Ellamont Street, both in Baltimore. From April 2014 through July 2016, Pervez, allegedly obtained more than $1,689,511 in payments for food sales that never happened.Kassem Mohammad Hafeed, a/k/a Kassam Mohammad Hafeed, 51, Baltimore: Yemen Grocery at 1400 W. Lombard Street in Baltimore. From Oct. 28, 2010 through Aug. 3, 2016, Hafeed allegedly obtained more than $1,532,642 in payments for food sales that never happened.The defendants face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count of wire fraud; a maximum of five years in prison for conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud and wire fraud; and a maximum of five years in prison for food stamp fraud.As a result of unlawful cash transactions, the defendants obtained more than $16,482,270 in EBT deposits for transactions in which food sales never happened or were substantially inflated.Mohamad Irfan, age 59, of Baltimore, previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and food stamp fraud, and faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison. Judge Bennett has scheduled sentencing for Irfan on May 9, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. Irfan is detained pending sentencing.Read more: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
17593,PRESIDENT TRUMP Retweets 3 Videos Of Muslims Committing Disgusting Hate Crimes…The Left EXPLODES,"The left woke up in a fury after they discovered President Trump retweeted 3 videos showing disgusting hate crimes committed against Europeans by Muslims.  Was the President trying to prove his case about how the mass Muslim migration into Europe is destroying their cultures and making the citizens unsafe? President Trump didn t include any commentary with his retweets, he simply retweeted the videos. Should President Trump have retweeted these videos? We d love to hear your thoughts in the comment section below.On Wednesday morning, President Trump retweeted videos posted by a British nationalist, which showed  Muslims  committing crimes.Trump retweeted content posted by Jayda Fransen, the deputy leader of Britain First, a far-right group that stands against theIslamisation of the United Kingdom.The first video purportedly shows a  Muslim migrant  beating up a Dutch boy on crutches.VIDEO: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! pic.twitter.com/11LgbfFJDq  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 28, 2017Twitter responded to the video with the boy on crutches by saying that the  Muslim migrant  who beat up the boy on crutches was arrested the next day and was actually a Dutch citizen. We have checked both Dutch (link and link) websites who claim that the boy was neither a Muslim or a migrant. We couldn t verify if either one of the sites we checked are legitimate sources of news.The fact that the president retweeted this bigot is disgusting.  Brian Krassenstein  (@krassenstein) November 29, 2017According to Dutch media, the culprit wasn't a Muslim. Also not a migrant. But a 16-year old Dutch boy from town of Edam-Volendam.He was arrested on May 13th 2017, one day after the incident happened.  Edna Sullivan (@SumTomGoingOn) November 29, 2017 The second video shows a  Muslim man  speaking to the camera and then bashing a statue of Virgin Mary on the ground, shattering herVIDEO: Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary! pic.twitter.com/qhkrfQrtjV  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 29, 2017thats such a good point pic.twitter.com/vfF8eKPPy6  blablaa (@CeeTheHit) November 29, 2017The third video President Trump retweeted shows an  Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! VIDEO: Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! pic.twitter.com/XxtlxNNSiP  Jayda Fransen (@JaydaBF) November 29, 2017Not everyone disagreed with President Trump s retweets. Many  applauded him for bringing these videos to the attention of the world:Europe is lost. THIS is the new setting of Europe. It's so sad. You can thank Angela Merkel.  Joey Mannarino (@Realjmannarino) November 29, 2017It's already too late for the UK and much of Europe, but hopefully it can be at least managed. So much danger.  Joey Mannarino (@Realjmannarino) November 29, 2017Last year, Fransen was found guilty of religiously aggravated harassment after accosting a Muslim woman.The charge stemmed from a January 2016 incident in which Fransen, wearing a political uniform and during a so-called  Christian patrol,  accosted a Muslim woman named Sumayyah Sharpe in Luton, England. Daily Mail ",0
17594,YIKES! STUNNING VIDEOS Show ANYONE Can Hack MacOS High Sierra By Only Typing ONE WORD!,"According to WIRED   THERE ARE HACKABLE security flaws in software. And then there are those that don t even require hacking at all just a knock on the door and asking to be let in. Apple s macOS High Sierra has the second kind.On Tuesday, security researchers disclosed a bug that allows anyone a blindingly easy method of breaking that operating system s security protections. Anyone who hits a prompt in High Sierra asking for a username and password before logging into a machine with multiple users, they can simply type  root  as a username, leave the password field blank, click  unlock  twice, and immediately gain full access.In other words, the bug allows any rogue user that gets the slightest foothold on a target computer to gain the deepest level of access to a computer, known as  root  privileges. Malware designed to exploit the trick could also fully install itself deep within the computer, no password required. We always see malware trying to escalate privileges and get root access,  says Patrick Wardle, a security researcher with Synack.  This is best, easiest way ever to get root, and Apple has handed it to them on a silver platter. As word of the security vulnerability rippled across Twitter and other social media, a few security researchers found they couldn t replicate the issue, but others captured and posted video demonstrations of the attack, like Wardle s GIF below, and another that shows security researcher Amit Serper logging into a logged-out account. WIRED also independently confirmed the bug.Watch these two incredible videos posted to Twitter letting Apple know they have a  HUGE  security issue at MacOS High Sierra:  pic.twitter.com/4TBh5NetIS  patrick wardle (@patrickwardle) November 28, 2017Just tested the apple root login bug. You can log in as root even after the machi was rebooted pic.twitter.com/fTHZ7nkcUp  Amit Serper (@0xAmit) November 28, 2017The fact that the attack could be used on a logged-out account raises the possibility that someone with physical access could exploit it just as easily as malware, points out Thomas Reed, an Apple-focused security researcher with MalwareBytes. They could, for instance, use the attack to gain root access to a logged-out machine, set a root password, and then regain access to a machine at any time.  Oooh, boy, this is a doozy,  says Reed.  So, if someone did this to a Mac sitting on a desk in an office, they could come back later and do whatever they wanted. Facebook user Brian Matiash tells Mac users about how they protect their Mac from being hacked. We cannot confirm or deny if his advice is legit, we are simply sharing it with you. Matiash gives Facebook users the following advice: Wonders never cease, Apple. How can such a painfully obvious bug like this make it by your QA teams? At least make the default root password be  password  or something. FFS, guys. Get you damned act together. EDIT: It would be socially responsible of me to state that there is a fairly easy workaround. Start by opening up Terminal.app and type the following command: sudo passwd -u root Next, enter your primary user password. Then, enter a new password for root and retype it to confirm. There. You re protected.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Wonders never cease, Apple. How can such a painfully obvious bug like this make it by your QA teams? At least make the default root password be 'password' or something. FFS, guys. Get you damned act together.EDIT: It would be socially responsible of me to state that there is a fairly easy workaround. Start by opening up Terminal.app and type the following command:sudo passwd -u rootNext, enter your primary user password. Then, enter a new password for root and retype it to confirm. There. You're protected.Posted by Brian Matiash on Tuesday, November 28, 2017Reed also notes, however and other researchers confirm that it s possible to block the attack by either setting a password for the root user or disabling root access altogether. If you ve installed High Sierra and haven t set a root password or disabled root access, you should do it now.In a statement, Apple confirmed the problem, reiterated that short-term fix, and promised a longer-term software patch:  We are working on a software update to address this issue,  an Apple spokesperson wrote. ",0
17595,JUST IN: JUDICIAL WATCH Claims Comey’s FBI Hid and “Blacked Out” Records Of Secret Loretta Lynch Meeting With Bill Clinton On Tarmac,"Remember when President Barack Obama s Attorney General Loretta Lynch just happened to get a surprise visit in Phoenix, while on the tarmac at the airport, from the husband of the Democrat candidate for President, former President Bill Clinton? Have Americans already forgotten, that the secret meeting between Lynch and Bill Clinton took place only hours before the DOJ was about to release their report on Benghazi?  Remember when Loretta Lynch told the media that their secret meeting was  primarily social  and was mostly about grandchildren and golf?  Primarily? Watch:As previously reported by Gateway Pundit, Judicial Watch forced the FBI to admit it has 30 new documents related to the infamous Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting in mid-October.This is after the FBI originally told Judicial Watch they couldn t locate any records related to the tarmac meeting.Fitton blasted the FBI! The FBI is out of control. It is stunning that the FBI  found  these Clinton-Lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit. Judicial Watch will continue to press for answers about the FBI s document games in court. In the meantime, the FBI should stop the stonewall and release these new records immediately. Previous tarmac meeting documents released were redacted by the DOJ not Obama s DOJ, Trump s DOJ under Jeff Sessions! The talking points are completely blacked out you heard that right. They re blacked out. Again, they weren t blacked out by Attorney General Lynch, they weren t blacked out by James Comey, they weren t blacked out by Barack Obama. They were blacked out by the Justice Department run by Attorney General Sessions, an appointee of President Trump. Isn t that outrageous? Today, Judicial Watch president, Tom Fitton blasted James Comey, and the FBI for lying about the documents they were hiding about the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting on Twitter:FBI Hid Clinton/Lynch Tarmac Meeting Records. But the cover-up begins to end   thanks to @JudicialWatch   the day after tomorrow. @RealDonaldTrump needs to clean house at FBI/DOJ. https://t.co/tytBp28sYL  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) November 28, 2017",0
17596,"GRAMMYS Nominate All-Black Artists…SNUB Country Music, White Musicians Over “White Supremacy” Concerns…#BoycottGrammys","On Tuesday, the Grammys announced their nominations for the 2018 awards shows, and there are some notable additions and snubs that make it look like the Recording Academy is getting into the business of identity politics.For the first time in 14 years, no country music acts were nominated for the top awards: record of the year, song of the year, and album of the year. Instead, the Grammys took a sharp turn towards honoring hip-hop, R&B, and funk for the top awards.According to Buzzfeed: The night s biggest category, Album of the Year, not only has majority black nominees, but also has no white male nominees for the first time in 19 years.This is also the first year the Record of the Year category is only people of color (with the exception of Justin Bieber, who is featured on Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee s  Despacito ).The Best New Artist category is also majority black this year with SZA, Khalid, and Lil Uzi Vert all gaining nominations. SZA is also this year s most Grammy-nominated woman.Rapper Jay-Z and pop singer Bruno Mars got nods in all three top categories, while rapper/singer Childish Gambino (a.k.a. Donald Glover), rapper Kendrick Lamar, and the coupling of Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee got nods in two of the top three categories. Meanwhile, rapper Logic got nominated for his anti-suicide song  1-800-273-8255  for song of the year.Objectively speaking, Jay-Z, Mars, Gambino, Lamar, Fonsi, and Yankee put out some great product this past year, and with any awards show, there are going to be some snubs. However, it appeared that Ed Sheeran, Lady Gaga, Pink, Kelly Clarkson, Kesha, and Miranda Lambert were all looked over from the top categories because of concerns about white supremacy. Instead, Lorde, the 20-year-old New Zealand singer, and Julia Michaels, the 24-year-old singer from Iowa, were the only pop acts to be nominated for the top categories.  Washington ExaminerSince rap seems to have surpassed country in popularity (well, at least according to the Grammys), in an effort to address  White supremacy , perhaps it s worth taking a look at the black rapper, Snoop Dogg, who shamelessly promotes killing our President and violence against his supporters. Paul Joseph Watson made a brilliant video that exposes how gangster rap increases racism in America.  racist 45-year-old rapper Snoop Dogg (**Language warning**): ",0
17597,"BREAKING: Democrat Congressman, Vocal ILLEGAL ALIEN Advocate and Trump Impeachment Leader, Luis Gutiérrez To Announce He Won’t Run For Re-election…What’s Behind His Sudden Decision?","Rep. Luis Guti rrez (Ill.), one of the most vocal immigration reform advocates in the House, reportedly won t run for reelection.Three Democratic sources told Politico that Guti rrez plans to announce Tuesday that he s pulling his nominating petitions for the seat.He was one of several Democrats to endorse articles of impeachment filed against President Trump earlier this month.Guti rrez s spokesman, Douglas Rivlin, told Politico that he couldn t comment. I don t know anything. I don t know anything,  he said Monday.   The HillRepresentative Luis Gutierrez, the strongest voice in Congress for illegal aliens, has been a thorn in the side of Donald Trump ever since he won the GOP primary.  With absolutely no grounds, other than the fact that Trump won t be bullied into caving to the Democrat agenda, Gutierrez has been calling for the impeachment of Trump for quite some time. Gutierrez recently went off on an embarrassing rant about impeaching President Trump that was caught on video:Luis Gutierrez was recently arrested outside of the Trump Towers in New York while protesting over Trump s position on the protections President s executive order gave to DACA recipients.",0
17598,JUST IN: WASHINGTON POST Gets DESTROYED When Reporter Admits Truth About How They Cover President Trump In New Undercover Videos,"James O Keefe of Project Veritas has used his incredible talents to go undercover and expose crooked organizations like ACORN and Planned Parenthood. During the 2016 election, O Keefe was able to expose the corrupt underbelly of the Democrat Party who used paid plants to incite violence at Trump rallies. O Keefe was also able to tie Barack Obama directly to their chief organizer. Of course, every major #FakeNews outlet completely ignored these horrific coordinated acts of violence against innocent Americans.Over the past several months, O Keefe has been releasing undercover videos he s used to expose the bias and unprofessional tactics used by  news  publications like the New York Times and now, the Washington Post.Today, the Washington Post attempted to embarrass O Keefe for allegedly setting a trap for them with a woman posing as a  Roy Moore  sexual assault accuser.After seeing the woman entering Project Veritas, The Post made the unusual decision to report her previous off-the-record comments. https://t.co/W05qDKlhl8 pic.twitter.com/Q0uJ9iaBoo  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) November 27, 2017Here s a video the Washington Post released on Twitter, of reporters from WaPo ambushing O Keefe at his Project Veritas office.The @washingtonpost attempts to ambush @Project_Veritas anticipating an imminent video release  pic.twitter.com/6UV2tOeiAS  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Many Twitter users wondered if the Washington Post was trying to cover up a bombshell that O Keefe was about to drop on the publication owned by billionaire Amazon founder Jeff Bezos?O Keefe tweeted a response to the Washington Post s videotaped ambush, warning everyone to fasten their seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts. Hitting export on hidden camera footage into Washington Post shortly. Project Veritas vs Bezos 100mm monopoly. Fasten your seatbelts.  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017Josh Caplan suggests that WaPo reporters who hounded O Keefe were panicked. Was the ambush on O Keefe by WaPo reporters over his alleged use of a plant disguised as a  Roy Moore accuser , simply a way to discredit O Keefe in advance of his expose on them?Panicked Reporters Stalk Project Veritas HQ As Rumors Swirl @JamesOKeefeIII Is Set To Expose Washington Posthttps://t.co/BV66enlqbq  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 27, 2017BREAKING: Undercover video inside @washingtonpost shows National Security Correspondent @danlamothe and Director of Product @josephjames discussing WaPo's hidden agenda #AmericanPravda #ProjectVeritas Full: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/o4qi8DQyAz  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 27, 2017This video allegedly shows Amazon founder Jeff Bezos  direct influence in the Washington Post s newsroom:.@josephjames, who works closely with the Jeff Bezos at the Post, sheds light on Bezos's influence in the newsroom. pic.twitter.com/KJcUSCqO5F  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Washington Post s Dan LaMonthe calls out the New York Times and CNN for their bias in this video:Looks like @DanLamothe is a fan of our #AmericanPravda series. Here he is attacking #CNN and #NYT for their extreme bias against @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/PHv7HPFhkQ @washingtonpost pic.twitter.com/p79fzIOc1T  Project Veritas (@Project_Veritas) November 28, 2017Here s another Dan LaMonthe video where he explains how the Washington Post works together to take down Trump following his tweets:WATCH: @washingtonpost reporter: ""I can't tell you how many times we get an email at work: 'Oh did you see what (Trump) just tweeted? What are we gonna do about it?"" Full video: https://t.co/2002erd3ub pic.twitter.com/OOOjE3kOx5  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2017Finally, Grant J. Kidney claims that Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump and his attack on the  Amazon Washington Post. Project Veritas just vindicated President Trump in his calling of the Washington Post, the  Amazon Washington Post .   pic.twitter.com/FNNhNFNaRg  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) November 28, 2017",0
17599,ELIZABETH WARREN FREAKS After TRUMP REFERS To Her As “Pocahontas” During WH Ceremony With Native American Code Talkers…Forgets Bill Maher Just Called Her “Pocahontas” During Appearance On His Show [VIDEO],"While honoring Native American Code Talkers today at the White House, President Trump took a jab at Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren, who is best known for the lie she told to Harvard University on a job application, where she told them she was of Native American heritage, in order to receive special consideration, by allowing her to skip over more qualified candidates simply because of her fake Native American heritage. While running for her Senate seat in Massachusetts, her lie was uncovered, and shortly after that, the name  Pocahontas  was born, and it has stuck with her ever since.On Monday, the president decided to air the attack one more time alongside aging Native American veterans who helped fight fascism, in a White House ceremony attended by White House chief of staff John Kelly and other officials. Trump told the honorees,  You were here long before any of us were here. Although we have a representative in Congress who they say was here a long time ago. They call her Pocahontas. Watch:Here's the video: Trump calls Elizabeth Warren 'Pocahontas' while honoring Native American code talkers: ""You were here long before any of us were here. Although we have a representative in Congress who they say was here a long time ago. They call her Pocahontas."" pic.twitter.com/hjZ5MInDDf  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) November 27, 2017During his remarks, Trump recalled a time when Kelly asked him:  How good were these code talkers? He said sir, you have no idea. You have no idea what they ve done for this country. And the strength and the bravery and the love that they have for the country. That was the ultimate statement from General Kelly on the importance. The president spoke as code-talkers stood by him at a podium, while another was seated in a wheelchair.Peter MacDonald, a WWII veteran and former chairman of the Navajo tribe, gave introductory remarks by going through the history of the code talkers in the Pacific theater, including at the battles at Guadalcanal and Iwo Jima.  Daily Mail Warren immediately began shooting arrows at Trump during an appearance on one of the Democrat propaganda networks, MSNBC.After huffing and puffing to MSNBC about Donald Trump, and how he took a jab at her dishonesty by calling his  Pocahontas  remark a  racial slur , (an insult to Pochahontas, maybe, but a racial slur? Sorry Liz, we just don t see it) the dishonest Democrat Senator and wannabe President, Elizabeth Warren staged a dry run at Donald Trump for the Oval Office.  Look, Donald Trump has done this over and over again in the past, thinking he s going to shut me up with it. It hasn t worked in the past, it s not gonna work now.  Warren exclaimed in her nails-on-a-blackboard voice.  Shut her up with it?Watch:WATCH: Elizabeth Warren responds to Trump's ""Pocahontas"" remark on @MSNBC:""It is deeply unfortunate that the President of the United States cannot even make it through a ceremony honoring these heroes without having to throw out a racial slur."" pic.twitter.com/au1QntxDzR  NBC News (@NBCNews) November 27, 2017Last year, a video Native Americans made a Youtube video, slamming Warren and her lie about her Native American heritage. Watch:Warren obviously forgot that only months ago, liberal comedian Bill Maher referred to Warren as  Pocahontas  during an appearance on his show to push her book. Does anyone remember Warren appearing on MSNBC to call Maher s comments a  racial slur? ",0
17600,"OOPS! DOCUMENTS SHOW Roy Moore Represented Accuser’s Mother In “NASTY” Custody Case, Where She Won Custody Of 12-Yr Old Grandson…Accuser Also Plead “Guilty” To FELONY FRAUD Charges Against Family Member","Court documents related to Tina Johnson, an Alabama woman who claims that Republican senatorial candidate Roy Moore groped her in his office decades ago, may raise questions about Johnson s motives in making the accusation.The documents, reviewed by Breitbart News, show that Moore represented Johnson s mother in a nasty custody case for Johnson s then 12-year-old son, Daniel Sitz. In the case, Johnson was repeatedly painted by Moore s client as an unfit, absent, and unstable mother and was accused of taking her son from his elementary school against his will. Johnson s mother was ultimately awarded custody in the case.One affidavit signed by Johnson s mother while she was represented by Moore accused Johnson of having a  violent nature  and noted that she  has been treated by a psychiatrist when she was approximately 15 years of age.  Johnson was a teenage mother.Separate criminal documents show that, as late as 2010, Johnson was arrested and pled guilty to felony fraud charges related to checks belonging to a family member. She also entered a court drug program.Speaking to AL.com, Johnson first went public with the claim that Moore groped her when she was  on legal business with her mother  in 1991. The website noted that  Johnson reached out to AL.com  to discuss her alleged experience with Moore.The website related that Johnson was  at the office to sign over custody of her 12-year-old son to her mother, with whom he d been living. Johnson claimed that, after the two met with Moore, her mother walked out of the office door first and that, as Johnson was walking out, Moore grabbed her buttocks from behind.  He didn t pinch it; he grabbed it,  she claims.Watch, as Tina Johnson tells CNN s Erin Burnett the  details  of her alleged sexual assault by Judge Roy Moore. It s curious that a woman with Johnson s background vs. the squeaky clean background of Judge Roy Moore would attempt to prove that her faith was stronger, or more somehow more relevant than Roy Moore s faith. A document, signed by Moore, stated that Cofield   and not Johnson   was the  most fit and proper person  to have custody of Daniel Sitz.Johnson s son had resided with his grandmother, Cofield, since he was nine months old. Cofield says that, during those years, she provided Daniel with food, clothing, and shelter  without any assistance  from Johnson. A judge officially granted Cofield full custody on September 23, 1991.Last week, Breitbart News interviewed Delbra Adams, Moore s former longtime secretary and judicial assistant. Adams said that, in her 13 years of working for Moore, she never saw or experienced any inappropriate conduct toward women.Adams worked for Moore in 1991 at the time of Johnson s accusations. Adams s desk was right outside his office door at the time. Adams  name was signed as a notary on one of the custody documents filed in Johnson s case on behalf of Johnson s mother, Cofield.   Breitbart News",0
17601,DENZEL WASHINGTON Tells Black Americans To “Stop blaming the prison system…It starts at home. It starts with how you raise your children”,"This isn t going to go over well with Obama s Black Lives Matter folks Veteran actor Denzel Washington says his latest role as a dogged defense attorney in Roman J. Israel, Esq. reinforced his belief that black men  can t blame the system  because we make it  easy work  when it comes to filling America s prisons. It starts at the home. It starts at home. It starts with how you raise your children. If a young man doesn t have a father figure, he ll go find a father figure,  the Academy Award-winner told reporters at the Dan Gilroy-directed film s New York premiere, the New York Daily News reports. So you know I can t blame the system. It s unfortunate that we make such easy work for them,  Washington said.The 62-year-old Hollywood heavyweight told reporters that the subject of how fatherless young men fall into a life of crime and incarceration is a personal one. I grew up with guys who did decades (in prison), and it had as much to do with their fathers not being in their lives as it did to do with any system,  said Washington, whose character finds himself working in the overburdened Los Angeles criminal court system.  Now I was doing just as much as they were, but they went further. I just didn t get caught, but they kept going down that road and then they were in the hands of the system,  the actor added.  But it s about the formative years. You re not born a criminal.   Breitbart News This isn t the first time Washington pushed back on the  victim  narrative for black Americans. The self-proclaimed radical feminist Jenn M. Jackson wrote a hit piece on Denzel Washington in December 2016. In her article, Jackson expresses concern that Denzel  is a little less woke than all of us had hoped.  She even suggests that instead of being honest about his thoughts on racism, Washington would have been better off keeping his mouth shut. LOL! From Jackson s hit piece on Washington: In a recent interview with BET, Washington was asked if he thought colorism (the discrimination against people with darker skin tones) was holding back darker-skinned Black actresses in Hollywood. As BGLH reports, Washington was initially confused about what colorism was, asking the interviewer, Smriti Mundhra,  what does that mean? Moments later he said, One of the best roles for a woman of any color in the last, in a good good while or at least any movie that I ve been in, a dark-skinned woman has in this film. So as long as you re being lead by outside forces or just being reactionary then you won t move forward. You have to continue to get better. However, he goes on to add,  You can say,  Oh I didn t get the part because they gave it to the light-skinned girl, or you can work, and one day, it might take twenty years, and you can be Viola. He continues, The easiest thing to do is to blame someone else, the system. Yeah, well, there s a possibility, maybe, that you re not good enough, but it s easy to say it s someone else s fault. But there s a possibility that you re not ready and you can still blame it on someone else instead of getting ready. ",0
17602,LOL! PRESIDENT TRUMP Wants Network Who Pushes Most #FakeNews Coverage “Of Your Favorite President (me)” To Receive A HILARIOUS Award,"Earlier today, President Trump tweeted:  We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY! Not only is his latest tweet hilarious, but it speaks to the millions of Trump supporters who are sick and tired of watching #FakeNews networks like CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC, and PBS spew their vile, leftist propaganda. These over-paid activists, who are posing as hosts of  news  shows, are so consumed with hate, that they don t even try to hide their embarrassingly biased coverage of our President.We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2017Is President Trump correct when he says the media has treated him unfairly? Well, an interesting study from the far-left leaning Harvard University, provided stunning evidence that proves President Trump is 100% correct:  Chicago Tribune  Harvard University s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy has come out with a study of media coverage of the Trump White House in its first 100 days.It is astonishing because it comes from Harvard, not exactly the bedrock of American conservatism.The study found that in Trump s first 100 days in office, the tone of the news coverage of the president has been a whopping 80 percent negative to 20 percent positive.So what does fair and balanced really mean, anyway? It confirms what most people understand,  said Tom Bevan, publisher and co-founder of RealClearPolitics, one of the go-to websites for media and political junkies.Bevan spoke as a guest on  The Chicago Way  podcast that I co-host with WGN-AM radio producer Jeff Carlin. The response will be that Trump is deserving of this kind of coverage because he s conducted himself inappropriately, and these are self-inflicted wounds, and the press is doing nothing but covering him and his actions. But that s a little bit disingenuous,  Bevan said.So how was President Obama covered in his first 100 days? With a 60-40 positive to negative ratio, according to the Harvard study. That s a significant shift, a significant difference,  says Bevan.  I think this is reflective of the fact that the media does root from the press box and they do cheer for certain personalities and they do cheer against others. I have my own memory of the media s tone after Obama took office. It wasn t merely positive, it was adoring, gushy, in the way a small child looks up to a beloved parent, or a dog to the master who gives it biscuits.It was as if the media were hugging a magical unicorn. Obama wasn t only given the benefit of the doubt. He was handed the Nobel Peace Prize though he hadn t done anything to earn it. And critics were trashed as nothing but racists.Obama controversies, from his administration s gun running scandal in the  Fast and Furious  debacle to using the Internal Revenue Service as a weapon against conservative groups, were covered, somewhat. But generally, the tone was muted, respectful, nothing like it was for Trump or the Clintons.Later, in Hillary Clinton s failed 2016 campaign, leaks of Democratic National Committee email   whether hacked by the Russians or not   demonstrated collusion between journalists and Democrats. But that cozy relationship has never properly been addressed, and that avoidance undermines the credibility of journalism as the media challenges Trump. Because of the way the press covered Obama, they lost so much credibility,  Bevan said.  And because they did not take these things seriously, the IRS Scandal, Fast and Furious, you could go down the list of where they turned the other cheek.   And now where they re giving Trump the third degree on everything, that makes the contrast all that much greater. So you have a certain segment of the public, the people who voted for Trump, who literally do not trust what the media says. And the divide between rigidly defined political tribes, one courted by the media, the other dismissed by it, grows even wider. It s not good for journalism, and it s not good for the country,  said Bevan. ",0
17603,"NORWAY’S TOUGH Immigration Minister BLASTS Sweden, WARNS Refugees: “If You Are An Economic Migrant” or an “Illegal Immigrant” You’ll Be Sent Home","Norway has a new immigration sheriff in town, and so far, it appears that she s singing the same tune as President Trump on immigration. And oh yeah, Sylvi Listhaug  doesn t give a damn  about her critics either. How far are bleeding-heart nations, like Sweden, France, the UK, and Germany willing to take this mass-immigration experiment, before they realize it s too late to turn back? Before her appointment to the cabinet on December 16, Listhaug, then agriculture minister, criticized what she called a  tyranny of kindness that is blowing over Norwegian society like a nightmare. It is very serious that politicians are using punitive measures that would make it more difficult for a number of asylum seekers who are entitled to protection,  asylum association spokesman Andreas Furuseth told the Norwegian news agency NTB.Listhaug said she wanted 40 or so major and minor asylum law changes submitted to parliament in February before the European spring season, when asylum seeker arrivals were expected to rise again.She told Norwegian NRK public television that her legislative package amounted to a  sharp retrenchment  on wide social entitlements previously granted to refugees.Some 35,000 asylum seekers arrived in Norway in 2015.It was a record for the oil and gas-rich Nordic nation of 5.2 million people, which in recent weeks saw fewer arrivals, in part because of border controls reintroduced in neighboring Sweden and the arrival of wintry weather.NRK said the proposed rule tightening would allow family reunifications only after the applicant had acquired four years of work or education in Norway.And, the government would issue voucher cards instead of cash for day-to-day items to prevent applicants from sending money to family back home.Migrants who arrived on transit visas via Russia would not be granted asylum.Older applicants in the 55 to 67 age group would be required to learn the Norwegian language and aspects of Norwegian society.Applicants who fail to present identity documents will be refused asylum. A grant of temporary residence would not automatically lead to permanent residence.  DWWhen Angela Merkel invited refugees to Germany in 2015, tearing up the rules obliging migrants to seek asylum in the first country they arrive in, the consequences were pretty immediate. Over 160,000 went to Sweden, leading to well-publicised disruption. Next door, things were different. Norway took in just 30,000; this year it has accepted just 2,000 so far. To Sylvi Listhaug, the country s young immigration minister, this might still be a bit too much. We have a big challenge now to integrate those with permission to stay in Norway to make sure they respect Norwegian values,  she says.  Freedom to speak, to write, to believe or not to believe in a god, how to raise your children.  Also, she says, what not to do. For example:  It is not allowed to beat your children in Norway. It s unusual for a European government minister to link immigration with child-beating, but the 39-year-old Ms Listhaug is accustomed to speaking plainly. The rest of Europe, she believes, is coming around to the Norwegian position.After decades in opposition, her Progress Party entered government four years ago, a junior partner in a Conservative-run coalition. Her party envisaged the problems of mass migration in the 1980s, she says, so was well ahead of the populist upstarts now haunting so much of Europe.  A lot of them are socialist parties but against immigration. We are a libertarian party. We want less government, so people should decide more over their own life. And we want a stricter immigration policy because that s important for Norway in the long run. While Sweden and others saw the migration of 2015 as a blip caused by conflict in Syria and Iraq, she sees it as part of an irreversible demographic trend.  Africa is going to gain almost 500 million more people by 2030,  she says.  Much of the Middle East and Africa is fragile. People have difficult lives but can see via mobile phones that life in the West and in Europe is quite different. So I understand why they would like our life, our kind of standards. But it s not sustainable to integrate so many. Why not? Norway, with its oil-generated trillion-dollar sovereign wealth fund, is one of the world s richest countries   and hardly beset by integration issues. This, she says, is because they ve been careful.  Many of the jobs here today perhaps will not be here tomorrow. Working in supermarkets for example   those kinds of jobs that don t need higher education. Those who come to Norway without any education   what are they going to do in the future if this continues? The case for limiting economic migration is clear. But about half of the registered asylum seekers in the EU, last year were from countries that were struck by conflict. Can Norway justify taking so few? Ms. Listhaug is a practicing Christian (albeit skeptical of the  thoroughly socialist  Church of Norway) and says her government s immigration policy, when combined with its aid policy, is not just a moral response, but the most effective moral response. For me it s a moral issue as well. You can t just help the ones you see. You have to think about the millions you don t see and that have a very difficult life in the world. She s referring to the refugee camps in Jordan, where both Norway and the UK send aid to help those displaced by war. Norway gave  23 million to its Jordanian mission last year, almost twice as much, per capita, as Britain. The cost of helping refugees at home is taken from its foreign aid budget, so as its influx subsides and costs fall, all savings are used to help refugees abroad. Some  370 million has been transferred so far, with more expected next year.So to Ms. Listhaug, it s not a question of whether to help refugees, but how best to do so. We meet after she visited Brandon Lewis, her British counterpart, who gave her a striking statistic:  The immigration minister here in Britain said that for the price of helping 3,000 young people here, he could help 100,000 children in other parts of the world. She sees this as a modern way to help asylum seekers   and more practical than the 1951 UN Refugee Convention, which obliges signatories to accommodate anyone with a  well-founded fear of persecution . It was an agreement for its time,  she says.  But when people travel through 20 countries to come to a safe haven, I think people can see that this is not right. You could have a safe haven in your neighboring country, so why go so far? Western countries that define their virtue by the number of refugees they let in, she says, also face a moral question:  Why should we have a system that works for the people who have money [to pay for the journey] while the rest of the refugees and people in need don t have the money to go? People traffickers, she says, thrive on governments that follow the old rules and accept those who turn up on their shores.  If you smuggle an unaccompanied minor from Afghanistan to Europe, they say it is between $3,000 and $20,000.  Young girls, she says, are sometimes sold to old men to finance such a journey.  Also, children are killed, or raped, on their way. So we need to have this under control. Ms Listhaug provoked fury in Sweden a few weeks ago by visiting a suburb in Stockholm notorious for unrest among its young immigrant population. She called it a  no-go zone    a phrase that the Swedes angrily reject. But she doesn t seem to mind causing a fuss, especially as she thinks her critics are coming around to her way of thinking. Nor does she mind using Sweden as a case study in what not to do.  A lot of countries in Europe are thinking more like us: like Denmark and Austria. Germany, as well  France has big problems right now with integration, as does Belgium. A lot of countries in Europe see that we need to have this under control. The Norwegian model, she says, is very different and very clear.  If you are an economic migrant, you are declined in Norway,  she says.  We send people back to Afghanistan if they are not in need of protection; we send them back to Somalia if they are not in need of protection.  Isn t this a rather expensive process?  Yes, but it s well worth it.  Police are also sent out to areas where illegal immigrants are suspected of living and working.  If we find them, we send them out. That has also decreased crime in Norway, that s very good. I ask Listhaug if she is getting used to being called cruel and heartless. How does it make her feel? Her response comes quickly:  I don t give a damn,  she says. She thinks her approach is right, and the consensus is wrong. And, as she says, an increasing number of other countries think the same. A new consensus might well be in the making.  SpectatorUKSo what do her neighbors in Sweden think of her tough positions on asylum seekers? The Swedish resident in the video below has nothing but praise for Listhaug. He openly praises her while mocking the  lefties  who have allowed out-of-control migration to destroy much of Sweden. In the video below, he reminds Swedes of the startling crime statistics they are facing: In Sweden, we have 10 times more car torchings. Do you want this? We have 4 times more violent killings than Norway. Is that what you want? Well, you should listen to your lefties, and be more like Sweden, It s interesting, the migration minister Sylvi Listhaug, came to Sweden to find out for herself, she wanted to find out what not to do in Norway. Watch:",0
17604,"BRITISH MUSICIAN Says If He Was Given The Chance, He’d Kill Donald Trump…Blames Press For Making Him President","If this so-called celebrity said that he would have killed former President Obama if he was given the chance, he would likely be sitting in a jail cell somewhere facing serious charges, but apparently when a celebrity says they d like to kill President Trump, foreign authorities, as well the leftist media, simply shrug their shoulders Just another day in the life of an unhinged, Trump-hating celebrity Yawn.British musician Morrissey says if given the chance, he d kill President Donald Trump to ensure the  safety of humanity.  The 58-year-old former Smiths frontman said in an interview with der Spiegel this week that if he were presented with a button that could instantly kill Trump, he wouldn t hesitate to press it. I would [push it], for the safety of humanity,  Morrissey told the outlet.  It has nothing to do with my personal opinion of his face or his family, but in the interest of humanity I would push. The singer also explained that it was the media, who so derided Trump during the 2016 campaign season, that ultimately created Trump, ensured consistent coverage of his campaign, and led to his victory over Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.The American media helped Trump, yes, they first created it,  he explained, according to a translation of the interview by the Washington Times.  Whether they criticize him or laugh at him, he does not care, he just wants to see his picture and his name. The American media have shot themselves in the leg. Watch Morrissey push for a Hillary presidency on Larry King Now prior to the election. Is there anything more heartwarming than watching a British musician tell an American host who Americans should vote for? Thank goodness no one listens to this unhinged overrated celebrity.Morrissey added that he  never expected  Trump to be elected president and has  no faith  in the political establishment anymore.  Breitbart News",0
17605,LOL! DEMOCRAT CHEERLEADER Cokie Roberts Delivers Devastating News To ABC Comrades: “It is Going to Be Very Hard to Defeat” Roy Moore After Trump’s Endorsement [VIDEO],"Earlier today, President Trump tweeted about the Alabama Senate race where Republican candidate for Senate Judge Roy Moore has been the target of the left ever since he won in the GOP primary race in September, against the less conservative candidate, Luther Strange.The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017Unfortunately for the Democrats, their attempt at destroying the character of Roy Moore, by attempting to paint him as a sexual predator of teenage girls, continues to fall apart. Roy Moore s team is coming out and demanding that the high school yearbook used as evidence by one of Moore s accusers is more looked at by forgery experts after it was discovered that the signature doesn t  match that of Roy Moore s and that two different colors of ink were used for the signature. The stepson of the woman who used what many are saying was a forged Roy Moore signature in her yearbook, has also come out to say his stepmother is lying about her encounter several decades ago with Roy Moore. Even the high-profile, leftist, media-whore lawyer, Gloria Allred, who represented the accuser with the yearbook, appears to have gone into hiding.  Meanwhile, polls are showing that Roy Moore is ahead by anywhere from 5-15 points and that the left s shameful attempt at stealing the election from the popular conservative candidate in Alabama, is quickly falling apart.Now that President Trump has endorsed Roy Moore, the left appears to be giving up the ship Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  network analyst Cokie Roberts said now that President Donald Trump had supported Alabama GOP U.S. Senate hopeful Roy Moore, it will be  very hard to defeat  Moore in the December 12 special election.Roberts said,  He doesn t have to go to Alabama. He s done plenty for Roy Moore. Moore can put it in his ads, which he s doing. He s clearly got the endorsement of President Trump. Without the endorsement of President Trump, he won the primary. I think with the endorsement of President Trump, it will be hard to defeat him in the general election.   Breitbart News.@CokieRoberts tells @ThisWeekABC Roy Moore clearly has the endorsement of Pres. Trump: Without the endorsement, he won the primary. I think with the endorsement, ""it is going to be very hard to defeat him."" pic.twitter.com/Hyw6wSligG  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) November 26, 2017",0
17606,SOUTH KOREA Uses Hilarious Technique To TAUNT North Korea After Soldier Escapes Kim Jong Un’s Hell [VIDEO],"There is no word yet, about how Rocket Man plans to respond to the egg on his face South Korea is making sure North Korea doesn t forget about the regime s soldier who defected to the South in a daring escape earlier this month   by blasting updates about the defector s health through its military s loudspeakers at the Demilitarized Zone, a report said on Sunday.South Korean troops broadcasted an update on Sunday about the North Korean soldier s  nutritive conditions,  taking a hit at the Hermit Kingdom s alleged health issues, Yonhap News Agency reported. The broadcasts are reportedly so loud that people within 12.4 miles from the DMZ are able to hear it. The nutritive conditions of the North Korean soldier who recently defected through the Panmunjom were unveiled,  an official told Yonhap News Agency.Consistent updates have been broadcast through South Korean military s loudspeakers since the soldier, identified by his surname, Oh, was shot at least five times while dashing across the Joint Security Area   a strip of land at the DMZ where North and South Korean forces stand face-to-face   on Nov. 13. The broadcast operation is part of an ongoing psychological warfare between the North and the South. The gigantic loudspeakers were switched back on in January 2016 after North Korea s fourth nuclear test.The loudspeakers are also reportedly used to blast propaganda to persuade North Korean soldiers to doubt Kim Jong Un s regime and even convince them to defect to the South, the BBC reported. Those speakers have been used sporadically since the end of the Korean War.Watch the North Korean s daring escape here:The 24-year-old North Korean defector is currently recovering from the gunshot wounds he endured when his fellow comrades fired dozens of rounds at him to stop him from defecting to the South. Video of Oh s dash to freedom released on Wednesday showed him speeding down a tree-lined road as stunned North Korean soldiers began running after him. He fell into a pile of leaves against a small wall before being dragged to safety by South Korean troops.   FOX News ",0
17607,88-Yr Old DEMOCRAT Congressman and Accused SEXUAL PREDATOR Reluctantly Steps Down From House Judiciary Committee…REFUSES To Resign,"John Conyers, the 88-year old Democrat Congressman and Black Caucus member who used taxpayer dollars from one of the most impoverished districts in Michigan, to pay off accusers of sexual assault, is refusing to give up the power he s become accustomed to, as the longest sitting House member in America s history. The corrupt Congressman has, however, agreed to step down from his role on the House Judiciary Committee, pending an investigation into the multiple allegations of sexual harassment that have been levied against him.In a statement released through Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi s office on Sunday, Conyers said he would like to keep his leadership position but realized that he may  undermine  the committee s work if he stays at the helm. I have come to believe that my presence as Ranking Member on the Committee would not serve these efforts while the Ethics Committee investigation is pending,  Conyers (D-Detroit) said in the statement.  I cannot in good conscience allow these charges to undermine my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus, and my friends on both sides of the aisle in the Judiciary Committee and the House of Representatives. Conyers, 88, is the longest-serving House member. BuzzFeed reported last week the contents of the secret $27,000 settlement Conyers paid with taxpayer funds to a former staffer who said she was fired for rejecting Conyers  sexual advances.Conyers has admitted to the payment but denied any wrongdoing. I deny these allegations, many of which were raised by documents reportedly paid for by a partisan alt-right blogger,  Conyers said, referring to the settlement papers obtained by Mike Cernovich and passed along to the news site.  I very much look forward to vindicating myself and my family before the House Committee on Ethics. With Conyers stepping aside, the next most senior Democrat   New York Rep. Jerrold Nadler   will become acting Ranking Member of the powerful committee. Even under these unfortunate circumstances, the important work of the Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee must move forward,  Nadler said in a Sunday statement.  I will do everything in my power to continue to press on the important issues facing our committee, including criminal justice reform, workplace equality, and holding the Trump Administration accountable. Nadler added:  Ranking Member Conyers has a 50 year legacy of advancing the cause of justice, and my job moving forward is to continue that critical work. New York Rep. Kathleen Rice was the first House Democrat last week to call for Conyers  resignation from Congress, and Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-Queens) said Conyers should at least give up his perch as the House Judiciary Committee s ranking member, pending the outcome of the ethics probe.Earlier Sunday, Pelosi defended Conyers on NBC s  Meet the Press  by not calling for his resignation and insisting the  icon  deserves due process.  NYP ",0
17608,NURSE FROM One Of Nation’s Largest Hospitals Tweets: “Every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son”…Their Sons “should be sacrificed to the wolves b___””,"It s hard to imagine, and very sad, that a hospital could hire someone who is so filled with hate and obsessed with race, to care for some of the most vulnerable members of our society.A controversial tweet allegedly posted Friday by a nurse at one of the largest hospital systems in the nation has sparked an internal investigation.The tweet came from an account named  Night Nurse,  linked to Indiana University Health employee Taiyesha Baker, FOX59 reported. Every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son. Someone with the HIGHEST propensity to be a terrorist, rapist, racist, killer, and domestic violence all star. Historically every son you had should be sacrificed to the wolves b___,  the tweet read.An IU Health spokesman confirmed to FOX59 that Baker is a registered nurse, but declined to reveal the hospital where she is currently employed. IU Health is aware of several troubling posts on social media which appear to be from a recently hired IU Health employee,  the hospital said in a statement.  Our HR department continues to investigate the situation and the authenticity of the posts. During the investigation, that employee (who does not work at Riley Hospital for Children) will have no access to patient care. Baker claimed to work in pediatrics in previously deleted tweets.According to public records obtained by FOX59, Baker was most recently issued a nursing license on Oct. 30.The Twitter account behind the controversial messages, @tai_fieri, was originally deleted after the post sparked a firestorm, but now appears to have been created by a different user who is posting new tweets, the IndyStar reported.  FOX News",0
17609,DEMOCRAT ACCUSED Of Sexual Harassment Just Threatened ‘Many Members’ Who Also Have Allegations Against Them,"John Conyers might just drain the swamp for us. The 88-year old Democrat from Michigan who is accused of sexually harassing female staffers is now threatening to bring the swamp down by exposing all of the other members of the House and Senate accused of sexual harassment. Yes, the swamp is turning on itself. This could get really good In case you haven t heard $17 MILLION taxpayer dollars went to pay off people who accused politicians in the House and Senate of sexual harassment. That s YOUR money!  Conyers paid $27K to one accuser He s got several more that have come out to say he also harassed them This guy is so bold with his harassment that he showed up to a meeting in his underwear. Yikes!CONYERS THREATENS TO EXPOSE OTHERS:Peter Hasson describes for the Daily Caller the remarkable vague threat emanating for the attorney representing John Conyers:The attorney for Democratic Michigan Rep. John Conyers, who is accused of continuously sexually harassing his female staffers, defended Conyers by indicating that there are allegations against  many members  of the House and Senate.Conyers  attorney, Arnold E. Reed, released a statement defending the Michigan Democrat and pushing back against the  disturbing allegations.  The bizarre statement was written in all-CAPS and referred to both Reed and Conyers in the third person.https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/933504768269606912ALL CAPS? Really? The lawyer should resign for using all caps!CHART OF PAYOUTS TO SETTLE HARASSMENT CHARGES:Congressional Office of Compliance releases year-by-year breakdown of harassment settlements and awards: pic.twitter.com/vxbezi22wb  Reid Wilson (@PoliticsReid) November 16, 2017",0
17610,"ANOTHER CLINTON CASUALTY? Sister Of Woman Who Allegedly Had Photos Proving Affair With Bill Clinton, Questions His Involvement In Her Mysterious House Fire Death","As more and more women line up to tell their stories about sex with Bill Clinton   both consensual and forced   there is one who is unable to relive the details of her alleged affair.Penthouse Pet Judi Gibbs died in a mysterious house fire in 1986 amid rumors that she had pictures that proved she and the then-Governor of Arkansas had been regular sex partners.And even now, 30 years after she died alongside her much-older other lover, doubts remain about how and why Gibbs and her long-time beau Bill Puterbaugh met their grizzly deaths.But now DailyMail.com has pieced together the life and death of Judi Gibbs, telling for the first time how the auburn-haired woman from a pin-prick of an Arkansas town managed to bed the man who went on to be one of the most powerful men in the world.And the question remains unanswered: Was Judi Gibbs killed because Bill Clinton and his advisers feared the affair was about to become public? I have always been convinced that Bill Clinton was responsible for the fire, but I have no proof,  Gibbs  older sister Martha, who still lives in Sims, Arkansas, told DailyMail.com.  And what would happen if I had proof   you can t touch those people. At the time of her death, Gibbs was 32 and living with 57-year-old developer Puterbaugh in a large isolated home a quarter-mile drive opposite a tiny airport outside Fordyce, Arkansas.Their bodies were both found in the huge master bedroom. They died of smoke inhalation.Puterbaugh s son, Randy, who followed him into the real estate business, tells a similar story to Martha Gibbs, even though the two have not spoken since the days following the double death. There are so many pieces of the puzzle.  Puterbaugh said.  I believe it is a possibility that Bill Clinton was involved in their deaths.  I know I wish I had hired my own private investigator but I didn t, so I guess I will never know. Judi Gibbs and Bill Puterbaugh died on January 3, 1986. According to a report in the local Fordyce News-Advocate, Gibbs called the fire department at 2.26 am wailing in her Marilyn Monroe-type voice:  Bill Puterbaugh s house is on fire, hurry, you all, hurry. Puterbaugh s body was found by a window. Gibbs was still clutching the phone right next to the king-sized bed.Local fire chief Roy Wayne Moseley has no explanation as to why the lovers did not manage to get out of the house. The only reason I can think why they didn t is they were overrun with smoke so quick and so fast,  he said. It was a real tragedy. As far as residential fires go, that was the worst we ve had,  added Moseley, now 80 and still chief of the Fordyce Volunteer Fire Department   a post he has held since 1960.Many people around the Clintons have died in unusual circumstances over the years, leading conspiracy theorists to claim they could be connected.As DailyMail.com reported earlier this year, five deaths in a six-week span between June 22 and August 2 this year had connections to the former first family. I m not saying the Clintons kill people. I m saying a lot of people around the Clintons turn up dead,  Larry Nichols, who worked with the former First Family before turning against them, told DailyMail.com.And the names of Judi Gibbs and her lover Bill Puterbaugh could be added to that list.Gibbs was the sixth of seven children born to a hardscrabble family in Sims, a two-hour drive west of Little Rock.In her teens, she was lured into prostitution by her brother-in-law Dale Bliss, who is now 85 and 32 years into a life prison sentence for child rape.   Daily Mail ",0
17611,TEACHER Uses “Shooting at Trump” As An Option On Multiple Choice Quiz For High School Students,"A Wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at Trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.An unidentified English teacher at Jackson Hole High School gave students a multiple choice quiz on Thursday about George Orwell s novel  Animal Farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias,  the Jackson Hole News and Guide reports. Napoleon has a gun fired for a new occasion. What is the new occasion?  the quiz read.Possible answers included  He was shooting at Trump,   His birthday,   For completion of the windmill,  or  To scare off the attackers of Animal Farm. Jim McCollum told the news site he did a double-take when his son showed him a screenshot he took of the test. I had to read it two times,  McCollum said.  I was like,  Are you kidding me? McCollum, a Jackson Hole High School graduate and Trump supporter, shared the quiz on Facebook, where it was shared widely and generated a lot of angry comments. It was so inappropriate to show a name of a sitting president in that question,  he said.  To me, that is so wrong in light of the situation in our country and the divisiveness and all. He told the news site the incident is one of other examples of  liberal bias  in other classes at the school that make conservative students like son out to be  the outcast. He told me,  Dad, they crapped on everything I believe in,  McCollum said of his son.  Rylee is very patriotic, very supportive of our military and of our country  and is considering enlisting in the U.S. Marines.School officials eventually issued a statement about the quiz on Monday. (District) administration learned late yesterday that a quiz was administered to a class of high school students that contained an inappropriate answer to a multiple choice question. The administration is investigating this incident and verifying the information we have received,  the statement read. (The District) takes seriously threats of any kind, regardless of the intent. We apologize to the students, families and community for this incident and will be addressing the issue with personnel.   EAG News ",0
17612,"“I SERVED WITH ROY MOORE IN VIETNAM”…Letter From Veteran Sets Record Straight On “Honorable, Decent, Respectable, Patriotic Commander and Soldier”","If it wasn t for people like Vietnam veteran William E. Staehle, who made the decision to publicly defend the character of Roy Moore in an op-ed, the only picture the American people might have of the former judge, is the one painted by the leftist media and the rabid Democrat Party, that struggles to identify a single legitimate reason for Alabama voters to  support their candidate Doug Jones.I served with Roy Moore in Vietnam in 1971-72, where I knew him to be an altogether honorable, decent, respectable, and patriotic commander and soldier. I have had no contact with him since.He and I were captains and company commanders in the 504th Military Police Battalion, stationed at the base camp called Camp Land, just west of Danang.I knew him well in my first four months in-country before I was re-assigned within the battalion to another location. During that time, I grew to admire him.I am Bill Staehle, residing in Asbury Park, New Jersey. I am an attorney, practicing law continuously for 42-years. I began my career as an assistant United States attorney, and for the past 32 years, I have been the managing trial lawyer for the staff counsel office of a major insurance company.Allow me to relate to you one experience involving Roy that impressed me.While in Vietnam, there came a time when another officer invited Roy and me to go with him into town after duty hours for a couple of beers. That officer had just returned from an assignment in Quang Tri Province north of Danang, and we were interested to learn of his experiences.I had not met him before, and I don t believe Roy had either. On other occasions with other officers, we would go to the officers  club at the air force base, but on this occasion, he told us he knew of another place in town.When we arrived at the place and went inside, it was clear to Roy and me that he had taken us to a brothel. That officer appeared to know people there, as he was greeted by one or two young women in provocative attire.The place was plush. There were other American servicemen there. Alcohol was being served. There were plenty of very attractive young women clearly eager for an intimate time.In less time than it took any of the women to approach us, Roy turned to me and said words to this effect,  We shouldn t be here. I am leaving. We told the officer who had brought us that we wanted to leave. He told us to take his jeep and that he could get a ride back later, which he did. Roy and I drove back to camp together.That evening, if I didn t know it before, I knew then that with Roy Moore I was in the company of a man of great self-control, discipline, honor, and integrity. While there were other actions by Roy that reinforced my belief in him, that was the most telling.I reject what are obvious, politically motivated allegations against Roy of inappropriate dating behavior. What I saw, felt and knew about him in Vietnam stands in stark contrast to those allegations.I sincerely doubt that Roy s character had changed fundamentally and dramatically in a few short years later. He deserves, in my view, to be heard on the issues that are important to the people of Alabama and our country.Roy was a soldier for whom I was willing to put my life on the line in Vietnam if the occasion ever arose. Fortunately, it did not.I was prepared to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with him then, and I am proud to stand by Roy now.  William E. Staehle, Asbury Park, New JerseyVia: Yellow Hammer",0
17613,LOL! #FakeNews CNN’s April Ryan EMBARRASSES Herself On Thanksgiving Day Over Her Obsession With Legitimacy Of Sarah Sanders’ Pecan Pie,"CNN political analyst just spent her Thanksgiving Day so consumed with hate for President Trump s White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, that she removed any doubt her Twitter followers may have had about the possibility of having an objective bone in her body.CNN political analyst and American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan suggested, without any evidence, Friday that White House press secretary Sarah Sanders actually didn t actually cook the pecan pie Sanders said she did.Here is Sanders tweet that got under April Ryan s skin:I  dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! pic.twitter.com/rO8nFxtly7  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 23, 2017Ryan responded by actually demanding that Sanders do more than post a picture of the pie with a white background, and that she show Twitter users the pie on her table!Show it to us on a table. https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan then took it a step further and doubled down, letting her Twitter users know that the legitimacy of Sanders  claim that she baked the pecan pie was no laughing matter.I am not trying to be funny but folks are already saying #piegate and #fakepie Show it to us on the table with folks eating it and a pic of you cooking it. I am getting the biggest laugh out of this. I am thankful for this laugh on Black Friday! https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan is frequently praised by liberals for being a nuisance in the White House press briefing room, but she failed to present any evidence Friday, except for the claims of random Twitter users, that Sanders faked the pie. Ryan did not respond to this reporter when asked for proof.A reverse image search did not find any other pictures of the pecan pie that Sanders posted.The White House press secretary responded to Ryan s criticism and said that she will make the journalist a pie of her own.-Daily CallerDon t worry @AprilDRyan because I m nice I ll bake one for you next week #RealPie #FakeNews   https://t.co/5W3mGbKs4J  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 24, 2017While hundreds of liberal Twitter users jumped on Ryan s thread, as a way to drum up hate for the brilliant and witty conservative Press Secretary, Sanders definitely got her fair share of support. Conservative actor James Woods didn t make any secret about how he is  thankful  on Thanksgiving Day for Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the  best thing to happen to modern American journalism. One final reason to be thankful today: @SarahHuckabee She is the best thing to happen to modern American journalism. The #CNN and other liberal minions melt before her intelligence, her wit, and her sheer fortitude like snowflakes in the desert.  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 24, 2017Twitter user, Vanessa Vega nailed it with her tweet in response to Sanders  reply to Ryan s ridiculous claim:It burns them up. That a graceful intelligent woman like you holds the WH positions, rocks at it, is an amazing mother and baked a pie during a traditional American Holiday.   keep doing you @PressSec !! We are grateful for you & the haters are entertaining to watch   Vanessa Vega (@EscbrRoX2017) November 25, 2017 ",0
17614,"WATCH: ABUSIVE, TRUMP-HATING Student May Be Facing Jail Time, After STEALING Trump Hat Off Student’s Head and DEMANDING College Officials Prevent Him From Wearing It On Campus","On September 27, 2017, an unhinged, liberal, Trump-hating student, who has now been identified as Edith Macias, was captured on what has now become a viral video. In the video, Macias can be seen ranting and screaming, during an unbelievable exchange that took place in a campus office building at the University of California, Riverside, only moments after she stole a hat off  the head of Matthew Vitale, a UC Riverside student who was walking on the campus, and minding his own business. The exchange between this Hispanic woman, (who we re pretty sure is not a legal citizen, based on her comment to the victim, when she screamed,  F*ck your laws!  after he cited his right to free-speech) and the victim is stunning. Over and over again, this ill-informed and unbelievably angry student makes up her own facts with absolutely no basis whatsoever. Saying things like the signature Trump hat that reads  Make America Great Again  represents  the genocide of a bunch of people  and  America was never great  and of but of course,  You stole this land!  Just another ungrateful immigrant who is likely one of Obama s  Dreamers. ***WARNING*** The video below will make your blood boil.According to Campus Reform, here s how the unbelievable exchange went down:A Trump-supporting student at the University of California, Riverside had his MAGA hat stolen by a peer who demanded that administrators refuse to allow him to continue to wear it.A video of the incident obtained by Campus Reform shows an enraged female student taking the hat to the school s Student Life Department as Matthew Vitale fruitlessly attempts to explain to the young woman that the hat is his property. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t,  she continues as several staffers look on. Are you people not going to do anything? She is stealing my property,  Vitale pleads, though the altercation went on for several more minutes. We will need to return his property to him, but we can talk about  one university employee begins to explain before being abruptly cut off by the student thief. How about we talk about not letting him wear this sh*t on campus?  the thief retorts, while Vitale later tells a growing presence of administrators that  the fact that you people haven t gotten this back for me is sad and wrong. The altercation continued for several minutes until the hat was relinquished to an administrator who then returned it to Vitale, though not before his fellow student got in the last word. F*** your f***ing freedom of speech, boy. F***it. F*** it because your freedom of speech is literally killing a lot of people out there.According to the College Fix: The UC Riverside student who stole Vitale s Make America Great Again hat off his head and refused to give it back now faces steep legal consequences.A criminal complaint provided to The College Fix by the Riverside County District Attorney s Office states that Edith Macias has been charged with one misdemeanor count of grand theft for the September 27 incident.The next court date on the matter is slated for March, and the maximum penalty Macias faces if convicted as currently charged is one year in county jail, a spokesman for the DA s office told The Fix.The charge was filed after UC Riverside student Matthew Vitale, the student who had his Make America Great Again hat stolen from off his head, decided to press criminal theft charges against Macias.According to the declaration in support of an arrest warrant, Macias told the officer who responded to the incident that the reason she swiped the hat was because it represented  genocide of a bunch of people. She stated she wanted to burn the hat because of what it represented,  it states.In a statement to The College Fix on Monday, Vitale said he is gratified by the developments. I m very pleased that the DA decided to charge her, especially because I am skeptical that UCR student conduct did anything. I will be following up with the student conduct office to determine if anything was done,  Vitale said. In the meantime, I can t thank UCPD enough for actually taking this matter seriously. The detective and officers involved with this case were the epitome of professionalism,  he added.  If, as I suspect, UCR decided not to discipline her in some way this decision by the DA s office shows two things: First, that UCR does not protect and shows no respect for speech that does not conform to their ideology. Second, that, in this case, UCR chose not to discipline a person who committed a crime on campus against another student. After Vitale had requested charges be brought against Macias, he explained his motives to The College Fix:  I do want to send a message. I am not vindictive, I am not vengeful, but people, especially in my generation, need to realize you can t do things like this because you don t like what someone is saying or wearing. Knock, knock.Who s there?Karma ",0
17615,SEASONS BEATINGS! 19-Yr Old SHOT…Mall Brawls Spills Outside…Topless Feminist Destroys Candy Store…Worst of #BlackFriday VIDEOS,"Black Friday madness has officially gripped the nation.The elbows-out shopping bonanza began on Thursday night as stores across the country opened their doors early to crowds of frantic bargain hunters.Within hours, there were mass brawls at malls as they fought over discounted televisions and clothes and the chaos is ongoing. In Hoover, Alabama, the scrum in one mall became so violent that paramedics had to be called to treat the injured.SEASON'S BEATING'S! Fist fights break out in Hoover Alabama at the Riverchase Galleria Mall on Thursday night forcing closure of mall. Police made multiple arrests. #BlackFriday2017 pic.twitter.com/DIH54vUgmU  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) November 24, 2017Walmart staff were filmed holding frothing female shoppers on the ground as they waited for security to arrive to carry them out. The violence was even more severe in Missouri where a 19-year-old man was shot outside a mall as shoppers rushed to snap up cut-price goods inside. He is in a critical condition.On Friday, millions more flocked to shopping centers across the country as yet more deals became available.At the Mall of America in Minneapolis, Minnesota, there were snaking lines before the sun had even come up. The crowds were organized by barriers before being let inside at 5am.At a Walmart somewhere else in the country however, five people were seen grappling over the same toy car. The grown men had to be separated by store staff and one was even talked down by his female companion. Their efforts were in vain   store staff refused to allow any of them to take the car home. Four grown men squabble over a toy car.This sums up the utter mindlessness of #BlackFridayhttps://t.co/mWv1QUeqaC pic.twitter.com/rIGkmkjJRn  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 24, 2017This year s frenzy will see Americans spend an astonishing $20billion in stores and online, according to consumer experts. Experts predict 164 million Americans will spend nearly $1,000 each over the holiday weekend.Here s a look at just some of the disgusting behavior and fights that took place last year on Black Friday:The mayhem began at 5pm on Thanksgiving Day as thousands of bargain hunters rushed inside stores across the US in search of amazing sales, door buster deals and limited-time offers.  Daily Mail  No one should claim that it would not be the blackest Friday ever been. #BlackFriday pic.twitter.com/Pq56WkRHsQ  Onlinemagazin (@OnlineMagazin) November 24, 2017A topless feminist protester appearing in a Ukrainian sweet shop and frenzied bargain-hunters battling for deals in the likes of Brazil and Greece.Nothing says  feminism  like walking naked into a store and destroying merchandise of an innocent shopkeeper: Photographs from the Ukrainian capital show a woman from radical feminist group FEMEN throwing confectionery while screaming in protest.Before being taken away, the woman   who also had the words  Black Friday  painted on her torso   managed to cause a considerable mess in the store.  Daily Mail ",0
17616,FED UP FAN Confronts College Basketball Player For Shooting Baskets During National Anthem Because Of His Islamic Faith…Gets Standing Ovation From Crowd,"Has America reached a tipping point? Will more and more fed up Americans begin to object to athletes who choose to blatantly disrespect our flag during the national anthem? Should athletes be allowed to disrespect our flag during school-sponsored events? We d love to hear what you think in the comment section below.Todd Starnes of FOX News broke the story about 74-year old Jim Howard, of Garden City, Kansas is a red-blooded, American patriot and a faithful supporter of the athletic program at the local community college.For 32 years he s volunteered with the booster club   keeping scorebooks, holding fundraisers, running the chain gang for football   and even providing a place for players to have a Thanksgiving meal.He was in the stands on Nov. 1 for the season-opener of the Garden City Broncbusters basketball team. And when the announcer asked everyone to stand for the national anthem, he dutifully joined the crowd and stood at attention.That s when he noticed a lone player seated on a bench at courtside   Rasool Samir, a 19-year-old Muslim red-shirt.It was unusual because there s a team rule that the entire basketball team was supposed to stay inside the locker room until after the national anthem had concluded.But as the crowd began singing about the bombs bursting in air and the rocket s red glare, the Muslim basketball player grabbed a ball, walked onto the court and began shooting baskets. It was an  in your face slam,  he said.Mr. Howard decided enough was enough. He was tired of people disrespecting the national anthem. So at the conclusion of the song, he walked onto the court and confronted Samir. I walked onto the floor and I told the guy he should respect the flag and if he s not going to respect the flag, he should get off the court and get out of the gym,  Mr. Howard told the Todd Starnes Show. You should respect the flag. If you don t respect the flag, just stay seated. Don t make a big scene,  he said.  At least respect the people that paid for your scholarship to get you on this campus   like myself and everyone else in that gym. The Garden City Telegram reported that a police officer broke up the confrontation   telling Mr. Howard to return to his seat and escorting the player off the court.When that happened, a number of people in the stands gave Mr. Howard a standing ovation and some fans even came over to shake the man s hand.It seems, they too   had had enough. Everyone around town was patting me on my back and saying thank you,  he said.The following day Samir was dismissed from the team.However, there are two versions as to what happened. The local newspaper says it was Samir s decision to leave. But the American Civil Liberties Union claims the young man was kicked off the team.The Kansas chapter of the ACLU fired off a letter to the community college demanding answers and claiming that Samir s constitutional rights were violated. He refrained from participating in the national anthem because he is a Muslim and his faith prohibits acts of reverence to anything but God,  the ACLU wrote in a letter to the school.Well, if that s the case, why didn t Samir stay inside the locker room with the rest of the team during the national anthem? ",0
17617,JUST IN: THREE LIBERAL REPORTERS Bribed To Push “Trump Dossier” Propaganda," It s no wonder that Fusion GPS wants to block documents from coming out. The newest unsealed documents are explosive enough with the revelation that there was a payoff to three reporters to push negative news on Trump. Who are the three journalists? Well, Fusion GPS wants that to remain a secret Unsealed court documents reveal that the firm behind the salacious 34-page Trump-Russia Dossier, Fusion GPS, was paid $523,000 by a Russian businessman convicted of tax fraud and money laundering, whose lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was a key figure in the infamous June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower arranged by Fusion GPS associate Rob Goldstone.In short, D.C. opposition research firm Fusion GPS is the common denominator linked to two schemes used to damage the Trump campaign.PAYOFF TO THREE JOURNALISTS:Newly filed court documents confirm that Fusion GPS, the company mostly responsible for the controversial  Trump dossier  on presidential candidate Donald Trump, made payments to three journalists between June 2016 until February 2017.The revelation could be a breakthrough for House Republicans, who are exploring whether Fusion GPS used the dossier, which was later criticized for having inaccurate information on Trump, to feed anti-Trump stories to the press during and after the presidential campaign. The three journalists who were paid by Fusion GPS are known to have reported on  Russia issues relevant to [the committee s] investigation,  the House Intelligence Committee said in a court filing.REDACTED DOCUMENTS AND RESTRAINING ORDERS:But the recipients  names, the amounts, and purposes of those payments were either redacted from the documents that Fusion GPS filed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia or were not disclosed.Fusion has asked the court to issue a restraining order against the House committee, which is demanding documents from the company that, among other things, explain the payments it made to reporters. Most of the documents sought are banking records.Let s hope that the details come to light and all are held accountable for their corruption.",0
17618,LOL! NYC COLLEGE Tells NYPD To Use Bathroom At Far End Of Campus With “Dirty and Broken Toilet” So They Don’t Offend Students,"Brooklyn College is advising New York City police officers to use bathrooms on the far end of campus in order to avoid being seen by students who might be offended by their presence.The Excelsior, the college s student newspaper, reported last week that Director of Public Safety Donald Wenz would  prefer  if members of the New York Police Department (NYPD) used facilities in the West End Building (WEB)  rather than walking across either quad to use the bathroom. Wenz s comments come in the wake of a film screening of the movie  Watched,  which documents an NYPD informant who surveilled Muslim students on campus for a period of four years as part of the city s counterterrorism efforts. After the screening, students were allowed to share their thoughts on having NYPD officers on campus. I disagree with them being on campus. Especially allowing them to use the building where student groups are held,  one unidentified student remarked, according to The Excelsior, later noting that he would be sending a petition to College President Michelle Anderson, pressuring her to issue a statement  that we do not want the NYPD on campus in any respect even if it s just to take breaks and use bathrooms. After discovering The Excelsior s report, The New York Post took a trip to the WEB, where officers are now encouraged to use the bathroom, and found an  out of order  sign on the stall door, with a dirty and broken toilet on the inside. The bathroom is horrendous. You can only wash your hands in one of the sinks because the other two are broken,  one student told the Post, though others argued that NYPD should not be allowed on campus at all. I know students from every background and across every major. They don t feel comfortable around cops. They just don t. It makes safe spaces feel not so safe,  one unidentified student remarked, with another telling the Post that it s  weird  seeing cops on campus.But members of the NYPD who monitor the neighborhood surrounding the school told the Post that the student sentiments are  insane.    Campus Reform ",0
17619,WOW! NASTY LIBERALS ATTACK 9-Year Old Girl After Video Showing Her Getting Excited To See Donald Trump Goes Viral…” I will punch that lil girl in ha face”,"The Washington Post published an article with a video of 9-year old Ava Lovley of Newport, Maine, in the back seat of the family car, that captured her reaction when her mother, Kim, told her that they were going to a Donald Trump rally in January, 2016. We re Republicans, but we re not political people at all,  Kim Lovley told us by phone when we spoke on Tuesday afternoon. Ava was a big Trump fan, though, and had been tracking his candidacy since he announced.  She said she loved his hair and that he speaks his mind,  Kim said. And since Ava herself is a bit outspoken, that appealed.Kim arranged for the family to see Trump at an event in Farmington, N.H., about three miles from Newport, just over the state line.  When I put [the video] on Facebook, basically it was just for our friends and family to see how happy she was,  Kim said.  It wasn t for any political agenda.  When a friend helped her upload the video to YouTube, though, it blew up. Kim and her husband Jason had been fielding phone calls from members of the media all day.Neither of them has decided whom to vote for, by the way.  I d never been to a rally and a rally is not where her mother wanted to be yesterday,  Kim Lovley told us by phone when we spoke on Tuesday afternoon. But  after going to the rally, I was quite compelled by hearing what Mr. Trump had to say. I thought he gave a great rally. Ava enjoyed it, too, naturally.  Ava had the Best time!!!,  Jason Lovley reported on Facebook.  She enjoyed every minute! Twitter resurrected the viral video yesterday and tolerant hate-filled liberals have done everything from threatening the little girl to suggesting that her parents should have thrown her out onto the road. Unfortunately, for Democrats, Independent voters have been turned off by their party and the hate they spew. Every time Independent voters see reactions like these to an innocent little girl being attacked for being excited to see her favorite presidential candidate, it helps to confirm who they don t want to be associated with.Liberals wasted no time attacking the little girl:This the ugliest shit I ve ever seen https://t.co/VMr6k0H2AP  Nazanin Kavari (@Nazaninkavari) November 21, 2017Liberal Twitter users attacked her because of the color of her skin.this is singlehandedly the whitest, most unseasoned thing i've ever watched. pic.twitter.com/bPZE39wDDZ    (@iwishyouweregay) November 19, 2017Bentley Coop threatened the little 9-year old girl,  I will punch that lil girl in ha face. I will punch that lil girl in ha face.  Oh my word  face ass.. FUCK TRUMP https://t.co/I4xGLpi2nR  Bentley Coop (@erykahnobadu_) November 21, 2017Two different Twitter users used GIF s to suggest that her parents should have thrown her out of the car or better yet, over a cliff:If I was in the car with them pic.twitter.com/k4BCJ2WB0L  Marc (@MarcKardashian) November 21, 2017throw the whole kid away pic.twitter.com/7YO68EvpaD  spicy  (@LuDawl) November 21, 2017This tweet is a perfect example of how liberals have overused the word  racist  that is no longer has any real meaning to most people.can racists stop reproducing?? Like fuck y'all could benefit from free birth control https://t.co/360kYpLMRj  Lindsay Phoenix (@mylittlemortys) November 21, 2017So many Twitter users seem to think that it s okay to mock her because of her skin color. Of course, liberals never think of themselves as intolerant, but the truth is, they are the most intolerant and racist group of people in America. pic.twitter.com/oYU3z1qAvy  Valeria (@strangerdoIans) November 19, 2017And finally, this white Twitter user asks,  Imagine being this white? Imagine being this white   faggot crocodile wet tea (@sunflowereilish) November 19, 2017h/t Gateway Pundit",0
17620,PATHETIC! It’s What Trump DIDN’T Say To Eminem That Has The Rapper ‘Extremely Angry’ [Video],"Seriously? How pathetic is this? In an effort to score some publicity, Eminem performed a  free style  rap saying disgusting things about President Trump. It s clear now that POTUS was not biting TRUMP GETS THE LAST LAUGH!Eminem says he is  extremely angry  President Trump never responded to his BET Awards freestyle:  I feel like he s not paying attention to me. I was kinda waiting for him to say something, and for some reason, he didn t say anything. Pathetic Eminem says he is  extremely angry  President Trump never responded to his BET Awards freestyle: ""I feel like he's not paying attention to me. I was kinda waiting for him to say something, and for some reason, he didn't say anything."" pic.twitter.com/PaSMvUm5gK  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 21, 2017LOL! PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID NOTHING SO GUESS WHERE THE NEW SONG HIT WORST EVER RELEASE BY EMINEM SINCE 1998Trump curse strikes again. Eminem's new single is his first not to debut in the Billboard top 10 since 1998. pic.twitter.com/lotqxlqCvY  Thirsty Grunt   (@Thirsty_Grunt) November 21, 2017",0
17621,BALL FAMILY MEMBER Reveals SICK Reason LaVar Ball Allegedly Wouldn’t Let His Sons See Their Mother After “Surgery To Remove Portion of Her Skull”,"Last week, President Trump stepped in and interceded on behalf of three young UCLA basketball players who foolishly were caught shoplifting in China. Shoplifting in China is not treated lightly and most likely would have resulted in a prison term for all three young men. President Trump was able to convince China s President Xi, however, to release the three young men from custody. When asked how the loudmouth father of  LiAngelo Ball felt about President Trump helping to secure the release of his son, LiAngelo, LaVar Ball suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. President Trump took to Twitter to reply to LaVar Ball s ignorant comments:Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017So who is this crackpot LaVar Ball, and why would anyone in their right mind make such arrogant and ignorant remarks after the President of the United States just helped their son to escape a prison sentence in a foreign country?  Andrew Stephens of the Armchair All Americans did a pretty good job of summing up what a horrible human being the self-serving, money, and fame-obsessed LaVar Ball really is. In his article, Stephens reveals a sick man, who is so controlling of his 3 sons and their basketball careers, that he wouldn t even let them visit their very sick mother in the hospital, over fears that it could create media attention that could damage his merchandise brand. On March 15, 2017, Andrew Stephens of Armchair All Americans published an article about Lavar Ball titled Lavar Ball: The epitome of what is wrong with modern sports. It touched on helicopter parenting and the monetization of potentially profitable children.Stephens claimed that in the article, without commenting on upbringing tactics, I attempted to delve into Lavar Ball s seemingly unnecessary promotion of his own sons for his personal benefit.About an hour after the article was run, I received a comment on it from a member of the Ball family, who wishes to remain anonymous. The comment (which has since been removed to protect the email address and identity of the commenter) read as follows:- Wow. You nailed it. Although you don t even know the half of it. Lavar took over the high school program, added the Coach, his puppet (which is why he quit last year after becoming the national coach of the year) and Lavar stepped on and crushed countless other kids  careers and love for the game to get his kids on the court. If you are allowed to shoot at any time from any where and never come out of the game, any decent idiot could score 30 points.Also, Tina Ball, his wife had a stroke on Feb 21. She had life threatening skull surgery to relieve brain pressure   guess where Lavar was during the operation that could have killed his wife?   at the CHHS vs. LB Poly game with his sons, including Lonzo. He still has not allowed his kids to see their sick mother due to the media attention it would bring to him, and cause BBB sales to diminish. [Name of hospital] in [City of hospital], CA   Tina is there now and he only visits for 1 hour a few days a week, while her Mother has yet to leave her side. Pathetic!!! I was a bit skeptical when I initially viewed the comment. I figured that it was someone attempting to drive a smear campaign against the Ball family, seeing how Lavar was such a polarizing figure. But, the information was oddly specific.After a bit of deliberation, I contacted the email address listed with the comment. They confirmed through multiple email and social media confirmations that they were, in fact, a close relative of Lavar and Tina Ball. I also spoke with the hospital listed in the email. The hospital confirmed that Tina Ball was checked in as of 12:30 PM EST on March 15.Tina, who was very active on Twitter, stopped communication on February 19, which fits in with the timeline provided below by a member of the Ball family.Watch this video as the loud-mouth, obnoxious LaVar Ball is interviewed on the Skip and Shannon Undisputed sports show.One of the first questions the female host asked of LaVar was about his desire to have a reality show made about him and his family (Keep in mind, this interview took place shortly after a very serious stroke). It s hard not to pick up on the sadness expressed on the face of his oldest son Lonzo Ball, while his overbearing father dominates the conversation and makes a complete ass of himself:When confirming the identity of the member of the Ball family that commented via email, we received another large piece of harrowing information: Notice, she is not at any games, she is not at work, and she is not at home. Someone needs to ask the question, where is Tina? She is severely disabled and paralyzed on right side. Cannot talk and is questionable about her comprehension. Left side of her brain impacted with massive stroke, while at home on Feb. 21 (school holiday   President s day). Tina is a PE teacher in [City of school],CA [Name of school].Feb. 20: Tina Ball admitted at [Name of first hospital] ICUFeb. 21: Surgery to remove a portion of her skull to reduce swelling from the stroke (evening)Feb 21: Chino Hills vs LB Poly @ Cerritos College   evening game (same time as surgery) Lavar & Lonzo at the game with the other Ball boys   missed the surgery and post op. Did not come to hospital during or after surgery. The Ball boys are not allowed to see their mother, Lavar is afraid it will take away from their game(s). Lonzo had big game at ASU and U of A later that week. Also, media buzz would take away from all the interviews and media touring for Lavar + BBB brand would suffer. It literally is bigger than Tina s life, as evidenced by Lavar s approach. As a family member, I am embarrassed and feel so sorry for Tina, since Lavar is on a media tour, he visits her rarely, while her mother has stayed by her side continuously. The crux of the original story was rooted in that fact that Lavar Ball s priorities were self-motivated and not for the betterment of a  family brand.  After hearing the explicit details given to us, if these allegations are true   it only confirms one thing for Lavar Ball: money and fame are king.LaVar recently attempted to sell his Ball s Big Baller Brand for a billion dollars. When major shoe companies laughed at his offer, he raised his price to 3 billion dollars. How Ball ever got his product line this far is really quite amazing.  When LaVar Ball said he wanted $1 billion for a Big Baller Brand co-branding shoe deal for his three sons, the big shoe companies scoffed.After that rejection, Big Baller Brand released Lonzo Ball s first signature shoe, the ZO2, and decided to charge a minimum of $495 for a pair. LaVar told Colin Cowherd on Wednesday that companies like Nike, Adidas and Under Armour will regret not forking over $1 billion and that he s decided to raise the price for a deal. Now that Lonzo s headed to Los Angeles, what they should have done is give me a billion dollars and let me be on my way,  LaVar said, referring to the Lakers drawing the No. 2 pick in next month s NBA draft.But now? Apparently, the draft lottery results tripled Big Baller Brand s value. Now you know if they want to talk to me now, it just went up to $3 billion. Triple B s billion, billion, billion,  he told Sports Illustrated.LaVar had a chance to fix his embarrassing error of disrespecting the President for the gift he gave their family, but instead chose to double down on stupid, in one of the most painfully ignorant interviews you will ever witness, with CNN s Chris Cuomo:",0
17622,WATCH: CNN’s Chris Cuomo Stunned At STUPIDITY of LaVar Ball After Refusing To “Thank” President Trump For Helping His Son Get Out of Chinese Jail Sentence,"CNN host Chris Cuomo definitely drew the short straw when he was asked to fill in for host Don Lemon, on  Tonight with Don Lemon . Unfortunately for Cuomo, he was tasked with interviewing the outrageous, nonsensical Lavar Ball, father of UCLA basketball player LiAngelo Ball, who was arrested in China for shoplifting. Americans were outraged when Lavar refused to  thank  President Trump for asking Chinese President Xi to allow the young men to be set free, and took it a step further when he insisted Trump didn t deserve any credit for his son s release.Watch:CNN compiled a list of some of Lavar Ball s most incredible comments during the interview. Here is a sampling of Lavar s bizarre remarks during the interview (Our comments are in italics): It s not like he was in the US and said, OK, there s three kids in China, I need to go over there and get them? That wasn t the thought process, right? I don t have to say, to go around saying thank you to everybody. You come around and shake my hand, and meet me, or meet my son, or anybody and then say you know what, maybe I can help you out. Just because people say things, you know, that s supposed to be true, like hey, I stopped him from serving ten years. Maybe we were doing some talking with other people before he even got there. I don t have   no doubts about what he did. I got doubts about what he didn t do. Huh? If I m coming to get you out of trouble, you best believe I m going to take you with me. It s just somebody ask me a question and I gave a lot of confusion to you. Uhh while we re talking about confusion, can someone please explain what the hell he just said? Why is it confusing? Are you concerned? Somebody can make a suggestion and somebody could do something. You have people that make suggestions you got people that do things. Why are we talking about this with all these political matters going on in the world? Says the guy who has no idea why President Trump was in China in the first place. I know exactly what I said. But you buffered it up like you said that you don t want to say thank you to nobody. Buffered it up? I know you re trying to add tone to it because that s what you do. Can you  add tone  to someone s tone when they, themselves are speaking on tv? I had some things done, I talked to some people that did some things, too. If you want something, and you want it, you shouldn t just go and steal it. You can to Africa and somewhere and do the same thing anywhere you go in someone else s country, yes, it s going to be a little deeper than what you thought it was. Ball asked Cuomo if Trump paid their bail, suggesting that if he did, then, he would be grateful to the President. This comment is nothing short of spectacularly incredible. I m asking you, I m asking you. Did he do it? Let him do his political affairs and let me handle my son and let s just stay in our lane. Somebody asked me a question, man. I give him my opinion, but I am not taking a shot at the president.  Yeah, okay Lavar. Whatever you say I m not the other guys, though. I m not the other guys. I m doing something else. I m not the other guys.  Lavar Ball then goes on to ask CNN host Chris Cuomo to  thank  him. Can you say thank you, Mr. LaVar Ball? When Cuomo seems to be confused as to why Ball is asking him to  thank  Ball, Ball then asks another idiotic question:  Give me a couple of reasons why you re thanking me. You don t say thank you like any kind of word. Next, Lavar reminds the CNN host that he has a title, and would appreciate it if Chris Cuomo would address him by his title: My title is LaVar Ball, the big baller, the CEO of the Big Baller Brand. But the Chinese people were like, you know what, he s OK. He has so much character in 18 years that he s allow to have a pass for that. Uhh actually, no they weren t. They were thinking about how many years his son would be sentenced, possibly to hard labor for the crimes he committed in their country.This may be the funniest line of all. Ball asks the anti-Trump CNN host if he s  Trump s brother ? Are you Trump s brother? You want me to thank you? Did you thank the doctor for bringing you into this world? Well, you better go back and find him. Because you lucky. Apparently, this is Lavar logic Ball then changes gears and makes yet another strange comment: I like how you keep saying my whole name, man. Cuomo then responds to Ball, explaining that his friends call him  Mo.   My friends call me Mo. You can call me Mo. Finally, Ball makes his final and completely ignorant remark to end the completely off-the-wall segment with Cuomo:  Chrome-Mo like Google. Like the Google Chrome.  ??????????? ",0
17623,BLACK CAUCUS MEMBER From Impoverished Detroit District Who’s Leading Effort To Impeach President Trump…CAUGHT Paying Off Sex Assault Victims With Taxpayer Money,"This story is about more than a massive cover-up for an elected officials who sexually assaulted innocent women, it s also about the media s lack of desire to report about crimes that have obviously been covered up in DC for a very long time. Perhaps the media s reluctance to report about the sexual abuse taking place in Washington DC, is because most, if not all, of the elected officials whose crimes are now being uncovered, are Democrats? So far, two of the most rabid anti-Trump Democrats in Washington, Senator Al Franken (D-MI) and now Representative John Conyers (D-MI) have been outed is it a coincidence, or could it be that one of the reasons Democrats are so adamantly opposed to Trump s presidency is because he is shaking things up in Washington, and in doing so, he s breaking up the good ole  boys network?Buzzfeed   Michigan Rep. John Conyers, a Democrat and the longest-serving member of the House of Representatives, settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 with a former employee who alleged she was fired because she would not  succumb to [his] sexual advances. Documents from the complaint obtained by BuzzFeed News from Mike Cernovich, include four signed affidavits, three of which are notarized, from former staff members who allege that Conyers, the ranking Democrat on the powerful House Judiciary Committee, repeatedly made sexual advances to female staff that included requests for sexual favors, contacting and transporting other women with whom they believed Conyers was having affairs, caressing their hands sexually, and rubbing their legs and backs in public. Four people involved with the case verified the documents are authentic.And the documents also reveal the secret mechanism by which Congress has kept an unknown number of sexual harassment allegations secret: a grinding, closely held process that left the alleged victim feeling, she told BuzzFeed News, that she had no option other than to stay quiet and accept a settlement offered to her. I was basically blackballed. There was nowhere I could go,  she said in a phone interview. BuzzFeed News is withholding the woman s name at her request because she said she fears retribution.Last week the Washington Post reported that Congress s Office of Compliance paid out $17 million for 264 settlements with federal employees over 20 years for various violations, including sexual harassment. The Conyers documents, however, give a glimpse into the inner workings of the office, which has for decades concealed episodes of sexual abuse by powerful political figures.The woman who settled with Conyers launched the complaint with the Office of Compliance in 2014, alleging she was fired for refusing his sexual advances, and ended up facing a daunting process that ended with a confidentiality agreement in exchange for a settlement of more than $27,000. Her settlement, however, came from Conyers  office budget rather than the designated fund for settlements.Congress has no human resources department. Instead, congressional employees have 180 days to report a sexual harassment incident to the Office of Compliance, which then leads to a lengthy process that involves counseling and mediation, and requires the signing of a confidentiality agreement before a complaint can go forward.After this an employee can choose to take the matter to federal district court, but another avenue is available: an administrative hearing, after which a negotiation and settlement may follow.In this case, one of Conyers  former employees was offered a settlement, in exchange for her silence, that would be paid out of Conyers  taxpayer-funded office budget. His office would  rehire  the woman as a  temporary employee  despite her being directed not to come into the office or do any actual work, according to the document. The complainant would receive a total payment of $27,111.75 over the three months, after which point she would be removed from the payroll, according to the document.The draft agreement viewed by BuzzFeed News was unsigned, but congressional employment records match the timing and amounts outlined in the document. The woman left the office and never went public with her story.The process was  disgusting,  said Matthew Peterson, who worked as a law clerk representing the complainant, and who listed as a signatory to some of the documents.Hillary Clinton and John Conyers have been longtime friends. What is it about Hillary that sexual predators find so endearing?  It is a designed cover-up,  said Peterson, who declined to discuss details of the case but agreed to characterize it in general terms.  You feel like they were betrayed by their government just for coming forward. It s like being abused twice. Two staffers alleged in their signed affidavits that Conyers used congressional resources to fly in women they believed he was having affairs with. Another said she was tasked with driving women to and from Conyers  apartment and hotel rooms.Rep. Conyers did not admit fault as part of the settlement. His office did not respond to multiple requests for comment on Monday.Citizen journalist Mike Cernovich admonishes  journalists  who are tasked with reporting the news for a living for ignoring how massive this cover up really is:The Conyers settlement was 1 out of 264!How about you ""journalists"" stop hating on me and go find those other 263?  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 21, 2017The documents were first provided to BuzzFeed News by Mike Cernovich, the men s rights figure turned pro-Trump media activist who propagated a number of false conspiracy theories including the  Pizzagate  conspiracy. Cernovich said he gave the documents to BuzzFeed News for vetting and further reporting, and because he said if he published them himself, Democrats and congressional leaders would  try to discredit the story by attacking the messenger.  He provided them without conditions. BuzzFeed News independently confirmed the authenticity of the documents with four people directly involved with the case, including the accuser.Here s citizen journalist Mike Cernovich telling his massive Twitter audience that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan helped to cover up John Conyers disgusting sexual assaults:Congressman John Conyers is a sexual predator, and Paul Ryan covered it all up https://t.co/rHAzX4Hevo  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) November 21, 2017In her complaint, the former employee said Conyers repeatedly asked her for sexual favors and often asked her to join him in a hotel room. On one occasion, she alleges that Conyers asked her to work out of his room for the evening, but when she arrived the congressman started talking about his sexual desires. She alleged he then told her she needed to  touch it,  in reference to his penis, or find him a woman who would meet his sexual demands.She alleged Conyers made her work nights, evenings, and holidays to keep him company.In another incident, the former employee alleged the congressman insisted she stay in his room while they traveled together for a fundraising event. When she told him that she would not stay with him, she alleged he told her to  just cuddle up with me and caress me before you go. Rep. Conyers strongly postulated that the performing of personal service or favors would be looked upon favorably and lead to salary increases or promotions,  the former employee said in the documents.Three other staff members provided affidavits submitted to the Office Of Compliance that outlined a pattern of behavior from Conyers that included touching the woman in a sexual manner and growing angry when she brought her husband around.One affidavit from a former female employee states that she was tasked with flying in women for the congressman.  One of my duties while working for Rep. Conyers was to keep a list of women that I assumed he was having affairs with and call them at his request and, if necessary, have them flown in using Congressional resources,  said her affidavit. (A second staffer alleged in an interview that Conyers used taxpayer resources to fly women to him.)The employee said in her affidavit that Conyers also made sexual advances toward her:  I was driving the Congressman in my personal car and was resting my hand on the stick shift. Rep. Conyers reached over and began to caress my hand in a sexual manner. The woman said she told Conyers she was married and not interested in pursuing a sexual relationship, according to the affidavit. She said she was told many times by constituents that it was well-known that Conyers had sexual relationships with his staff, and said she and other female staffers felt this undermined their credibility. I am personally aware of several women who have experienced the same or similar sexual advances made towards them by Rep[.] John Conyers,  she said in her affidavit.A male employee wrote that he witnessed Rep. Conyers rub the legs and other body parts of the complainant  in what appeared to be a sexual manner  and saw the congressman rub and touch other women  in an inappropriate manner.  The employee said he confronted Conyers about this behavior. Rep. Conyers said he needed to be  more careful  because bad publicity would not be helpful as he runs for re-election. He ended the conversation with me by saying he would  work on  his behavior,  the male staffer said in his affidavit.",0
17624,LOL! Marshawn Lynch’s Mommy Comes To Her Son’s Defense After Trump Calls Him Out For Disrespecting U.S. Flag During NFL Game In Mexico: “what NFL team do Trump own ?”,"President Donald Trump says that the Oakland Raiders should suspend running back Marshawn Lynch for the rest of the season for disrespecting the flag after he did not stand for the anthem.Before Sunday s game against the New England Patriots in Mexico City, Lynch sat during the playing of the  Star Spangled Banner,  as he has done all season. Lynch did stand when the Mexican national anthem was played.Marshawn Lynch sits during the US national anthem, stands for Mexican anyhem pic.twitter.com/8wdaKprEki  Ben Volin (@BenVolin) November 19, 2017While Lynch hasn t publicly commented on the protest, he did wear a shirt that said  Everybody vs. Trump  before a Week 4 game against the Denver Broncos. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down,  Trump tweeted on Monday morning.  SIMarshawn Lynch of the NFL s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2017The mama of big tough guy, NFL player Marshawn Lynch, who recently left the bench during a game, to assault a referee with over a call he disagreed with, has taken to Twitter in hopes of embarrassing President Donald Trump.Here s Marshawn Lynch leaving the bench to assault a referee during a game. He was later suspended by the team for his inappropriate actions:nickr83: Tensions flare in Oakland. #TNF #KCvsOAK CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City   https://t.co/DDAQV3HyiY pic.twitter.com/jvVsmiXBuu  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Here it is again in slow motion:silverhunt: Beast mode!! CBS Thursday Night Football: Kansas City Chiefs at Oakland Raiders https://t.co/lMUBGz02dH pic.twitter.com/9Mahc5vHhd  FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) October 20, 2017Perhaps Delisa Lynch should consider refraining from making public comments on Twitter. By the looks of her tweet, the only one who should be embarrassed by Delisha Lynch s tweet is Delisa Lynch, whose grammar and punctuation is almost as embarrassing as her loser son s behavior. Lynch starts each sentence in her tweet with lower case letters and ends her tweet with a sentence followed by a space, a comma, and two exclamation points for emphasis.  Lynch s tweet was apparently intended to embarrass President Trump, when she asked, what NFL team do Trump own ? oh yeah they wouldnt let him have one ,!! LMAOwhat NFL team do Trump own ? oh yeah they wouldnt let him have one ,!! LMAO https://t.co/1rPa5jfMjE  Delisa Lynch (@MommaLynch24) November 20, 2017",0
17625,WATCH: JOY BEHAR of “THE VIEW” Calls Bill Clinton Rape and Sexual Assault Victims “Tramps” That “Slept With” Hillary’s Husband…Whoopi Says Hillary’s The “Victim”,"Last week, the mostly female audience of  The View  watched the panel of hypocritical, rabidly anti-Republican hosts attack Alabama s GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore for unproven sexual assault allegations. Only one year ago, however,  The View s  co-host Joy Behar, attacked the disgraced the mulitple sexual assault victims of former President Bill Clinton, calling them  tramps  who  slept with him .  Are the mostly female viewers really okay with the co-hosts of  The View  (who are completely devoid of any intellectual thought) dismissing the multiple allegations of sexual assault, including rape, by the impeached Democrat President Bill Clinton?  Is it really okay with their viewers that Whoopi Goldberg would refer to the wife of the alleged rapist, Hillary Clinton (who threatened his victims to remain silent about her husbands sex crimes, or pay serious consequences) a  victim ?  When do the women who watch The View say,  Enough with the hypocrisy! ? The female hosts of  The View  discussed the second debate the following day on their show.  During the discussion, host Joy Behar called the women who allegedly slept with Bill Clinton  tramps .Prior to the debate, Trump highlighted three women who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault or harassment.  The View  host Sunny Hostin suggested that Hillary Clinton may have missed an opportunity to address the controversy during the second presidential debate. This is the thing though  if a woman sleeps with your husband, you re not going to necessarily embrace them  That s why when he brought up these allegations, I wonder if she missed the opportunity to address it in a way that the public would understand  Hostin mused.Behar disagreed, joking that there wasn t much Hillary Clinton could say to the women.Behar suggested the Democratic nominee could say:  I would like to apologize to those tramps that have slept with my husband.  Maybe she could have said that.   Fox News.@WhoopiGoldberg reacts to Donald Trump inviting Bill Clinton s accusers to last night's #debate. https://t.co/wxW54okAF5  The View (@TheView) October 10, 2016Only today,  The View  hags attempted to defend Democrat Senator Al Franken s sexual assault accusations, suggesting that he shouldn t step down, while simultaneously suggesting that GOP Senate candidate, Roy Moore, should drop out of the Senate race in Alabama.Watch:SHOULD SEN. FRANKEN RESIGN? After a second woman accuses Sen. Al Franken of inappropriate touching, co-hosts discuss what should come next. pic.twitter.com/NoerTvzzCd  The View (@TheView) November 20, 2017 ",0
17626,LAVAR BALL: Here’s Why President Trump Was Under No Legal Obligation To Help Release Your Shoplifting Son From Chinese Prison,"Before Lavar Ball, the ungrateful father of accused criminal, and UCLA basketball player, LiAngelo Ball, goes off on a public rant about how unappreciative he for President Trump s help, when he interceded on behalf of his son and 2 other UCLA basketball players, who were caught shoplifting at a Louis Vuitton store in China, he may want to consider, that without the help of President Trump, his son could be sitting in a Chinese prison for the next 10 years.Lavar Ball might also want to consider that President Trump was under no obligation to ask President Xi to get involved in the public relations nightmare that took place while our President was a guest in China, to help negotiate their release, and here s why   Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who?  Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump s involvement in the situation.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  I m from L.A. I ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with  sticky fingers Law Newz   Our Tweeter-in-Chief lashed out on Twitter Sunday after Ball, a businessman, and ex-basketball player, downplayed POTUS  role in helping release son LiAngelo Ball from Chinese custody.Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2017 I should have left them in jail,  Trump wrote. That s a hell of thing to tweet, and it grabbed a lot of attention. Outlets like Mediaite, The NY Times, Fox News, and ESPN were all over it. But as with many things in this administration, it s always helpful to review a president s role in situations like this.To recap, we have three Americans UCLA basketball players LiAngelo Ball, Jalen Hill and Cody Riley arrested by Chinese authorities for alleged shoplifting. Trump took credit for their return to the states, saying he asked the country s president Xi Jinping for help. Now we have that same president saying he should ve done nothing.What does it mean if provable spite motivated a president s decision to refrain from helping an American held in custody on foreign soil? Law&Crime reached out to Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman for his take on the matter and asked if such behavior, or something like it, could be impeachable. Not impeachable,  Feldman wrote in an email.  He was under no duty to help and no duty to be nice about it after the fact. ",0
17627,JUST IN: CLOSE FRIEND of Hillary Clinton Who Planned To “Step Away From Politics” Found DEAD In Apparent Suicide,"Houston, Texas trial lawyer and Democrat mega-donor Steve Mostyn died on Thursday in what authorities are saying was a  suicide,  according to the Houston Chronicle. Mr. Mostyn was only 46, he left behind a wife and several children, and earlier this year had announced that he was going to be stepping away from politics to spend more time with his family.Details about how Mr. Mostyn allegedly committed suicide are slim. However, his family said that it happened after he  suddenly  became afflicted with some sort of mental illness then took his own life, although they weren t clear as to what type of mental illness he suffered from.But it is worth noting that Mr. Mostyn had never suffered from mental illness in the past, according to his family, further raising suspicions over the manner in which he died.Mr. Mostyn was a progressive powerhouse who was heavily involved in politics throughout his career. He made his fortunes off of suing insurance companies after hurricanes ravaged his state, and used his wealth to fund numerous Democrat and progressive causes, including the Super PAC  Ready for Hillary,  which he and his wife co-founded with Susie Tompkins Buell, a radical environmentalist and member of George Soros s Democracy Alliance.Mr. Mostyn s wife, Amber, was also a member of the Democracy Alliance and a close friend of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was the keynote speaker at a 2010 Annie s List event honoring Amber. The Mostyns were close to the Clintons in general, having held numerous high-dollar fundraisers for Hillary s failed 2016 presidential run at their Houston home.Houston Chronicle  In 2012 alone, Mostyn donated $5.2 million to various pro-Democratic Super PACs ranging from Planned Parenthood to Texans for America s Future to Priorities USA Action, a pro-Barack Obama PAC, according to the Center for Public Integrity.In 2014, he and his wife donated approximately $3 million to Democratic candidates, including state Sen. Wendy Davis, who we running against Republican Greg Abbott. Davis lost. I am heartbroken,  Davis tweeted Thursday.  Texas has lost an extraordinary person. Steve was a committed and effective fighter for justice, a wonderful husband, father and friend. He leaves behind a lasting impact on everyone who s life he touched. Mostyn and his wife, Amber, were co-founders of the Ready for Hillary PAC, a political action committee supporting Clinton s unsuccessful campaign for president. At the same time, state campaign finance records show he also contributed to a police-affiliated PAC that supported Republican primary candidates.Mostyn also help fund the Texas Organizing Project and Battleground Texas, two Democratic comeback strategies for the party that has not won a statewide election in two decades. It s hard to really quantify the hole it leaves for progressives. He s probably the first true financial benefactor for progressives in Houston, and I say that because it s really different than supporting individual candidates the way trial lawyers have collectively in the past. He really supported the underlying causes, which is a different kind of take, and I m not sure that gets filled, certainly not immediately. Despite the Mostyns and the law firm s high-profile political activism   they contributed more than $1.8 million to Texas politicians in 2016   Mostyn told the Texas Tribune in a September interview that he was growing tired of almost single-handedly funding Democratic candidates in a state that was solidly Republican.He said he intended to downscale his political giving to Democrats in Texas elections to encourage others to step forward.  We ve asked other people to do it and they want to do it and I want other people to get credit for doing it,  the Tribune quoted him as saying.  I mean this is a giant, giant state, if we were trying to flip Vermont we d be done. However, their relationship came under stress in 2015, when ethics watchdog group Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT) filed a formal complaint against Hillary and her campaign for illegal coordination with the Ready for Hillary Super PAC, the Daily Caller reported. FACT has also asked the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to look into an April 21 meeting in which Clinton campaign aides attended a weekly meeting of Senate Democrats. FACT asserts that the meeting violates ruleThis wasn t the first time the Clinton and Mostyns found themselves being questioned over unethical practices. In 2010, Hillary Clinton s State Department pushed through a multi-billion dollar deal for Boeing in Russia, and just two months later the company gave nearly a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation.Just a short time later, Boeing s top lobbyist and former Bill Clinton aide Tim Keating partnered with Mr. Mostyn s Super PAC to do a joint fundraising venture for Hillary s planned presidential campaign.  America s Freedom FightersFrom FOX News   When Hillary Clinton was America s top diplomat, she also appeared at times like a top salesperson for America s biggest airplane maker, Boeing.Traveling abroad on official business as secretary of state, Clinton often visited Boeing facilities and made a pitch for the host country to buy Boeing jets. During one visit to Shanghai in May 2010, she boasted that  more than half the commercial jetliners operating in China are made by Boeing. A sales plug in Russia in 2009, though, may have proved especially fruitful. While touring a Boeing plant, Secretary of State Clinton said,  We re delighted that a new Russian airline, Rossiya, is actively considering acquisition of Boeing aircraft, and this is a shameless pitch. In 2010, Boeing landed the Russian deal, worth $3.7 billion. And two months later, the company donated $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation.This chain of events is raising new questions for Clinton, and Boeing, as the former secretary of state launches her 2016 presidential campaign. The Boeing deal only adds to a growing list of business deals involving Clinton Foundation donors now coming under scrutiny.Boeing shareholder David Almasi recently confronted CEO James McNerney about the ethics of it. That opens the door to charges of honest services fraud, that there was a quid pro quo between the Clinton Foundation, the State Department, and Boeing,  Almasi said.In prepared answers to questions posed to Boeing by Fox News, a spokesman defended the company s actions. Our contribution to the Clinton Foundation to help the people of Haiti rebuild was a transparent act of compassion and an investment aimed at aiding the long-term interests and hopes of the Haitian people,  the spokesman said. The company also pointed out that it gave the American Red Cross $1.3 million after the devastating 2010 earthquake.Clinton defenders say there is no smoking gun.  There s zero evidence that Hillary Clinton went to bat for Boeing for any reason other than to benefit the U.S. economy and U.S. workers,  said former Clinton/Gore adviser Richard Goldstein.But the financial connections don t end there. Boeing also paid former President Bill Clinton $250,000 for a speech in 2012. It was a speech that was approved by the State Department s Ethics Office   which according to an Associated Press report often approved the ex-president s speaking engagements within days.Here is a list of mysterious deaths tied to the Clinton s:1   James McDougal   Clinton s convicted Whitewater partner died of an apparent heart attack, while in solitary confinement. He was a key witness in Ken Starr s investigation.2   Mary Mahoney   A former White House intern was murdered July 1997 at a Starbucks Coffee Shop in Georgetown. The murder happened just after she was to go public with her story of sexual harassment in the White House.3   Vince Foster   Former white House counselor, and colleague of Hillary Clinton at Little Rock s Rose Law firm. Died of a gunshot wound to the head, ruled a suicide.4   Ron Brown   Secretary of Commerce and former DNC Chairman. Reported to have died by impact in a plane crash. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the top of Brown s skull resembling a gunshot wound. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated, and spoke publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecutors.5   C. Victor Raiser II and Montgomery Raiser, Major players in the Clinton fund raising organization died in a private plane crash in July 1992.6   Paul Tulley   Democratic National Committee Political Director found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock, September 1992  Described by Clinton as a  Dear friend and trusted advisor. 7- Ed Willey   Clinton fund raiser, found dead November 1993 deep in the woods in VA of a gunshot wound to the head. Ruled a suicide. Ed Willey died on the same day his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House. Ed Willey was involved in several Clinton fundraising events.8   Jerry Parks   Head of Clinton s gubernatorial security team in Little Rock. Gunned down in his car at a deserted intersection outside Little Rock. Park s son said his father was building a dossier on Clinton. He allegedly threatened to reveal this information. After he died the files were mysteriously removed from his house.9   James Bunch   Died from a gunshot suicide. It was reported that he had a  Black Book  of people which contained names of influential people who visited prostitutes in Texas and Arkansas.10   James Wilson   Was found dead in May 1993 from an apparent hanging suicide. He was reported to have ties to Whitewater.11- Kathy Ferguson, ex-wife of Arkansas Trooper Danny Ferguson, was found dead in May 1994, in her living room with a gunshot to her head. It was ruled a suicide even though there were several packed suitcases, as if she were going somewhere. Danny Ferguson was a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in the Paula Jones lawsuit. Kathy Ferguson was a possible corroborating witness for Paula Jones.12   Bill Shelton   Arkansas State Trooper and fiancee of Kathy Ferguson. Critical of the suicide ruling of his fiancee, he was found dead in June, 1994 of a gunshot wound also ruled a suicide at the grave site of his fiancee.13   Gandy Baugh   Attorney for Clinton s friend Dan Lassater, died by jumping out a window of a tall building January, 1994. His client was a convicted drug distributor.14   Florence Martin   Accountant & sub-contractor for the CIA, was related to the Barry Seal Mena Airport drug smuggling case. He died of three gunshot wounds.15   Suzanne Coleman   Reportedly had an affair with Clinton when he was Arkansas Attorney General. Died of a gunshot wound to the back of the head, ruled a suicide. Was pregnant at the time of her death.16   Paula Grober   Clinton s speech interpreter for the deaf from 1978 until her death December 9, 1992. She died in a one car accident.17   Danny Casolaro   Investigative reporter. Investigating Mena Airport and Arkansas Development Finance Authority. He slit his wrists, apparently, in the middle of his investigation.18   Paul Wilcher   Attorney investigating corruption at Mena Airport with Casolaro and the 1980  October Surprise  was found dead on a toilet June 22, 1993 in his Washington DC apartment. Had delivered a report to Janet Reno three weeks before his death19   Jon Parnell Walker   Whitewater investigator for Resolution Trust Corp. Jumped to his death from his Arlington, Virginia apartment balcony August15, 1993. He was investigating the Morgan Guarantee scandal.20   Barbara Wise   Commerce Department staffer. Worked closely with Ron Brown and John Huang. Cause of death unknown. Died November 29, 1996. Her bruised, nude body was found locked in her office at the Department of Commerce.21- Charles Meissner   Assistant Secretary of Commerce who gave John Huang special security clearance, died shortly thereafter in a small plane crash.22   Dr. Stanley Heard   Chairman of the National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee, died with his attorney Steve Dickson in a small plane crash. Dr. Heard, in addition to serving on Clinton s advisory council personally treated Clinton s mother, stepfather and brother.23   Barry Seal   Drug running pilot out of Mena, Arkansas, death was no accident.24   Johnny Lawhorn Jr.   Mechanic, found a check made out to Bill Clinton in the trunk of a car left at his repair shop. He was found dead after his car had hit a utility pole.25   Stanley Huggins   Investigated Madison Guarantee. His death was a purported suicide and his report was never released.26- Hershell Friday   Attorney and Clinton fund raiser died March 1, 1994 when his plane exploded.27   Kevin Ives and Don Henry   Known as  The boys on the track  case. Reports say the boys may have stumbled upon the Mena Arkansas airport drug operation. A controversial case, the initial report of death said, due to falling asleep on railroad tracks. Later reports claim the two boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks. Many linked to the case died before their testimony could come before a Grand Jury.THE FOLLOWING PERSONS HAD INFORMATION ON THE IVES/HENRY CASE:28   Keith Coney   Died when his motorcycle slammed into the back of a truck, July 1988.29   Keith McMaskle   Died stabbed 113 times, November  198830   Gregory Collins   Died from a gunshot wound January 1989.31   Jeff Rhodes   He was shot, mutilated and found burned in a trash dump in April 1989.33   James Milan   Found decapitated. However, the Coroner ruled his death was due to  natural causes. 34   Jordan Kettleson   Was found shot to death in the front seat of his pickup truck in June 1990.35   Richard Winters   A suspect in the Ives / Henry deaths. He was killed in a set-up robbery July 1989.THE FOLLOWING CLINTON BODYGUARDS ARE DEAD: 36   Major William S. Barkley Jr. 37   Captain Scott J. Reynolds 38   Sgt. Brian Hanley 39   Sgt. Tim Sabel 40   Major General William Robertson 41   Col. William Densberger 42   Col. Robert Kelly 43   Spec. Gary Rhodes 44   Steve Willis 45   Robert Williams 46   Conway LeBleu 47   Todd McKeehan48 -World-renowned  space economist  Molly Macauly was brutally murdered in Baltimore park.49-John Ashe- The former President of the UN General Assembly was awaiting trial on bribery charges when he turned up dead in June, apparently having crushed his own windpipe while lifting weights in his home 50-Victor Thorn-Prominent CLINTON Critic VICTOR THORN Found Dead Of Apparent Suicide On His Birthday51-Seth Rich-Still No Clues in Murder of DNC s Seth Rich, As Conspiracy Theories Thicken52- Joe Montano-Filipino American activist and aide to Sen. Kaine, dies at 4753-Shawn Lucas-Death of DNC Lawsuit Processor Shawn Lucas Adds to Seth Rich Conspiracy Theories54-Seth Rich-Family s private investigator: There is evidence Seth Rich had contact with WikiLeaks prior to death55-Klaus Eberwein Found Dead Before Testifying Against Clinton Foundation in HAITI COVERUP56-Man who sought Clinton s emails from Russian hackers committed suicideDoes anyone in the media wonder why everyone around the Clinton s seems to commit suicide, disappear or dies under mysterious circumstances? The Clintons are either the luckiest people in the world, or they are guilty of taking down an awful lot of people who could either rat them out or take them down. ",0
17628,NFL ON LIFE SUPPORT? Pictures Of Empty Stadiums Paint Scary Picture For Future Of Cop-Protesting NFL,"Since the Colin Kaepernick and his fellow players started their Black Lives Matter kneeling campaign, social media has been lit up with photos of empty stadiums, proving that fans are not interested in supporting players who disrespect our flag and our law enforcement officers. The photos seem to suggest that every week more and more seats remain empty in NFL stadiums across America. Here s a look at a number of NFL stadiums today:Check out this photo of the Cleveland Browns stadium:Cleveland #NFL #Browns RT @middlebunns: @EmptySeatsPics #JAXvsCLE Opening kickoff pic.twitter.com/WjDTdfamD0  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) November 19, 2017The Lions games in neighboring Chicago are always very popular not so much today.Got a feeling there will be a lot of #Lions blue in the stands at Soldier Field the other color is the empty seats. #Bears are 3-6 pic.twitter.com/Et7LeQwG3n  Cheryl Raye Stout (@Crayestout) November 19, 2017Empty seats in the  smallest modern stadium in the NFL , Chicago s Soldier Field are a rare sight indeed, especially when the visiting team is right next door in Michigan.Bears v Lions. Opening kick off against a divisional opponent at the smallest modern stadium in the #NFLIt's empty (great shot of Trump Tower in the background though) #MAGA   pic.twitter.com/4xRoKknjMv  Buda (@labuda_robert) November 19, 2017The Minnesota Viking stadium looks like their hosting a local high school game instead of a professional football team.@Vikings sec345 row 6 seat 19. pic.twitter.com/DzThB1r26i  Peter Klages (@pakman75) November 19, 2017@Vikings section 101 row 22, seats 6-8 we d like to meet some legends pls thank you   pic.twitter.com/FAGvyr9rYq  Emily (@OhDagEmily) November 19, 2017You could ve shot a cannot through the NY Giants stadium today.The Unknown #Giants Fans. pic.twitter.com/sAyITREEwm  James Kratch (@JamesKratch) November 19, 2017Kickoff is just minutes away! WATCH #NYGiants Pregame Warmups presented by @Visa pic.twitter.com/dwsw5viPtI  New York Giants (@Giants) November 19, 2017Wow. I have never seen this many empty seats here before. John Mara must be thrilled. #GiantsPride. pic.twitter.com/G7Nw7g9Hlq  Kevin McCleerey (@KevinMcCleerey) November 19, 2017It almost looks like it s a practice day in Cleveland.I think you ll see this a lot. Squalls every 20 minutes or so. #JAXvsCLE #Jaguars pic.twitter.com/nLHxTxgHur  Brent Martineau (@BrentASJax) November 19, 2017Texans fans must have started their Christmas shopping early and decided to skip the game today.View from my seat for today's #Texans game. More empty seats than normal for the start of a game. pic.twitter.com/3PpxhtPJue  Ryan Kahrhoff (@xman30) November 19, 2017Lots of empty seats at NRG as they are about to toss the coin pic.twitter.com/PJvF07byVl  Kent Somers (@kentsomers) November 19, 2017you can really tell the orange is indeed oranger with all these empty seats pic.twitter.com/hgcDG2bUwJ  Jordan Zirm (@clevezirm) November 19, 2017The Miami stadium seats are mostly empty.NFL football with @bellavate! #TBvsMIA #HardRockStadium pic.twitter.com/iTzYbBnnFD  Kevin #Destiny2 PC (@ORIGINPCCEO) November 19, 2017",0
17629,LOL! DESPERATE KATHY GRIFFIN Makes Home Video To Complain About Not Getting Work After Trump Beheading Stunt…Takes Page From Hillary’s Playbook…Blames Everyone Else For End Of Her Career,"Wow! Poor Kathy Griffin The toxic  comedian  found herself facing a tsunami-sized backlash after she held a severed, and bloodied head of President Trump, during a comedy skit earlier in the year. And now, the former  funny girl  is telling anyone who will listen, that she s furious no one wants to hire her. Kathy Griffin starts her homemade 5-minute video by whining to viewers about all of the online  hate  by  trolls  that she s receiving. Griffin then goes on to trash the other  not funny  comedian Lena Dunham, who wrote about sexually assaulting her little sister, for defending a Hollywood actor who s been accused of sexually assaulting a female actress. Her comments that follow the Dunham remarks make no sense, although she seems to be attempting to make the point that the equally trashy liberal comedian, Lena Dunham, is still getting work, and how Griffin just doesn t think that it s fair. (After all, Dunham hates Trump as much as her right?)Griffin tells the camera that appears to be set up in her living room,  I just want you guys to know that I am fully in the middle of a blacklist like I m in the middle of a Hollywood blacklist. It is real. I m not booked on any talk shows. Griffen continued to whine about her lack of jobs,  I just want you guys to know, that when I get home, I do not have one single day of paid work in front of me, and the people who want me to go back and do clubs and do 10 minutes again I don t mean to be an asshole, but I m not gonna do that. I ve worked way too hard to go back and work for free, and do the club scene again because this is some bullshit. Because I ve been blacklisted.Griffin then goes on to tell her fellow Hollywood libs to stop sending her requests for donations to their fundraisers because she doesn t have any money. She goes on to explain that she s spent all of her money on lawyers because she believes in something. Griffin can t quite find a way to articulate what that something is, but she s apparently learned her lesson and has refrained from exposing her true obsession and desire, which was to destroy Donald Trump.Watch: ",0
17630,LOL! TRUMP TWEETS Hilarious Message To #CrookedHillary…Suggests She Gives It “Another Try” In 2020,"President Trump on Saturday criticized Hillary Clinton, the Democrat he defeated in the 2016 White House race, for her recent and repeated questioning of the election results. Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time,  Trump tweeted.  She just can t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years! Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2017The Republican president was likely responding to a Mother Jones interview published Friday in which Clinton questioned last year s election results, amid evidence that Russia tried to influence the race outcome. She called for an independent commission to investigate the matter.Clinton, in the interview, also alleged voter suppression in the 2016 race, saying,  In a couple of places, most notably Wisconsin, I think it had a dramatic impact on the outcome.   FOX NewsIn case America has forgotten why Donal Trump trounced Hillary in the polls, watch the short clip from their second presidential debate below:The very sick Hillary Clinton barely made it through to the November election without needing a stretcher, while running her very lackadaisical 2016 presidential campaign. It would be very interesting to see Hillary attempt a comeback 4 years later.Watch, as Hillary collapes while attempting to enter her van after leaving a 9-11 memorial service early, reportedly because she was suffering a mysterious medical situation that required her to leave during the ceremony. At first, her campaign said she was suffering from heat exaustion, after the American public refused to buy their excuse,  the campaign then said she had pnuemonia. After several weeks of watching her being propped up and carried around by the arm like a candidate who has one foot on a banana peel and the other in her grave, following her 9-11  incident , we re definitely not buying it.This IS NOT heat related. #HillarysHealth pic.twitter.com/PFNfCEVFrV  John Cardillo (@johncardillo) September 11, 2016And then, there is the long list of crimes committed by Hillary, that she has yet to be prosecuted for.The list of Hillary s crimes continues to grow, even after the election. Just before the 2016 presidential election, Breitbart put together a list of a few of the most well-documented crimes and national security nightmares that are in her resume. Here is the list:Clinton is promising expanded numbers of Syrian refugees brought to the United States, despite the fact that 99.1% of the 13,210 refugees admitted to the US in 2016 are Muslim and the FBI has said there is no way to adequately vet them for terrorist connections and sympathies.Our true national scandal is not that Clinton has so far escaped indictment, it is that so many of our civic and political institutions have been corrupted by a misguided loyalty to the Clinton crime syndicate.From the board rooms of Wall Street to the editorial boards of local newspapers and the town halls of the League of Women Voters, the defense of the  progressive cause  has come down to defending the indefensible  pay-for-play cronyism, open borders and national security breaches on a global scale.A full chronicle of Hillary Clinton s crimes will someday fill a large shelf of books, if not a whole library.There could be no better news for President Donald Trump in 2020, than the announcement that Hillary was going to throw her hat in the ring for the third time. Bring it Hillary America can t wait! ",0
17631,LOL! SARAH PALIN Has EPIC Response When MSNBC Reporter Asks If She’s Ever Been Sexually Assaulted,"MSNBC reporter Kasie Hunt began her segment on sexual harassment in Washington by telling the show s viewers,  Funnily enough, I caught up in the basement of the capitol today with Alaska Governor Sarah Palin today. Funnily enough?  Isn t this the same network who spent an excessive amount time criticizing Sarah Palin s grammar?Hunt asked Palin, who endorsed the embattled Roy Moore in the Alabama GOP primary race, to share her thoughts on sexual harassment with their viewers. Palin told Hunt, It s not a partisan issue, so when we see this happening today, I think that it leads to a lot of questions about what standards are going to be applied to whom. WFB  Hunt followed up by asking Palin whether she has ever experienced sexual harassment in the workplace as an  ambitious woman  in public life. I think a whole lot of people know that I m probably packing, and so I don t think there s a whole lot of people who would necessarily mess with me,  said Palin, a vocal advocate of the Second Amendment.  I don t mean to be lighthearted; this is a serious issue. WATCH:Sara Palin on sexual harassment: ""I think a whole lot of people probably know I'm probably packing so I don't think there's a whole lot of people who would necessarily mess with me."" pic.twitter.com/WqORpJ594P  MSNBC (@MSNBC) November 16, 2017 It really stinks for women in the workplace that for too long, men have thought they can get away with kind of being that old-school thinking that it s OK to belittle and harass women,  Palin continued.Palin s comments about sexual harassment came hours after Democratic Sen. Al Franken (Minn.) was accused of groping and kissing KABC anchor Leeann Tweeden without her consent during a rehearsal for a skit for troops during a USO tour in the Middle East in 2006. The floodgates are really open right now,  Palin said.  That could lead to a lot of false accusations that really harm an innocent person. Palin s comments about false accusations may have been a reference to the sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore.Palin endorsed Moore in the Republican primary against Luther Strange a few months ago.",0
17632,CROOKED DEMOCRAT Congresswoman Corrine Brown Found GUILTY of STEALING Scholarship Money From Children…Blames RACISM For Verdict,"Celebrated Congressional Black Caucus member, and  legend  Corrine Brown would like Americans to believe that stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from underpriveleged children in her district, and using the money to vacation with her daughter, is not the reason she s been found guilty of 18 counts of fraud and corruption, it s because she is black. Washington Examiner   She partied with Nancy Pelosi, traveled on Air Force one next to President Obama, and cast her superdelegate vote for Hillary Clinton. But on February 9, 2017, Corrine Brown was in federal court for stealing scholarship money from school children.The disgraced congresswoman attempted to defend against charges that she funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars from a non-profit charity, One Door for Education, into her own pocket.After her former chief of staff testified against her, the question was no longer whether or not she s guilty. It s why Democrat brass would continually cozy up to a congresswoman who was so clearly corrupt?From the beginning, Brown s been shrouded in controversy. Shortly after she won election in 1992, the Federal Election Commission accused Brown of violating numerous campaign finance laws. Most notably, she accepted donations from foreign citizens and failed to report the use of a corporate plane. And that s just the tip of the ethical iceberg.A convenient rap sheet, put together last July by the Florida Times-Union, documents every allegation of wrongdoing brought against Brown during her 27-year career. Hollywood couldn t have better scripted some of the highlights.In 1998, Brown cashed a $10,000 check from Rev. Henry Lyons, the disgraced president of the National Baptist Convention who spent five years in federal prison for fraud. The congresswoman said tthat she used the unreported money to bus her supporters to an event.In 2000, Brown battled back a House Ethics investigation into her efforts to free imprisoned West African millionaire Foutanga Dit Babani Sissoko from federal prison. She appealed to Attorney General Janet Reno for help, asking her to spring Sissoko from prison. Though unsuccessful, Brown received a new Lexus worth $50,000 for her trouble.And in 2008, Brown took heat from the mayor of Jacksonville after she had sandbags delivered by the city to protect her home from Tropical Storm Fay. The congresswoman eventually pledged to pay the city $886.But none of this dissuaded Democrats from palling around the Florida woman. It s mind boggling that Brown not only fundraised with the president but also enjoyed prominent perches on the Transportation and Veteran Affairs Committees.First Coast News   On Thursday, November 16, 2017, the former Jacksonville area Congresswoman Corrine Brown took the stand, and plead for mercy from federal judge Timothy Corrigan. I am sorry you have to be here today to see me in this situation,  Brown said in her statement to the court.  I never imagined I would one day be in court asking people to speak on my behalf   never. In hindsight, I wished I had been more diligent in overseeing my personal and professional life The idea that some people could believe these charges hurt me because it runs contrary to everything I ve ever believed and done in my life. I hope and pray these proceedings to don t make them [ordinary people] lose faith in the system. I humbly ask for mercy and compassion. Brown was convicted on 18 counts of fraud and corruption in May.The lead prosecutor in the sentencing hearing argued Thursday that the former congresswoman should be sentenced to about 7.5 to 9 years in federal prison. Her defense attorney is seeking probation and community service.Brown s defense attorney James Smith objected to various aspects of the sentencing recommendations, including how much money Brown should be culpable for.Prosecutor Duva asked the court,  What accountability does the law require?  during his presentation.Duva said Brown was accustomed to receiving money she should not have received. She also lied about donations to colleges, churches and other entities.He also argued that Brown has made ludicrous comments during the investigation, including a comment where she essentially said that had investigators not been looking into her case, the Pulse shooting in Orlando would never have happened. She also referred to the charges as  bogus  and  racist,  implying that she was targeted for her race in the case.Duva objected to that notion by saying,  She was targeted because she committed fraud, not because she was black or white. Corrine Brown had several witnesses come forward Thursday in support of her through witness testimony during the sentencing hearing.Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee provided a glowing character witness of Corrine Brown during her sentencing hearing Thursday.Jackson Lee described via telephone testimony it as her  privilege  to characterize Corrine Brown as a  loving person. She said Brown has had a  pointed and direct effort [in] helping others, not herself. The veterans  community loved Congresswoman Brown, Jackson Lee said, stating that Brown has helped those with PTSD and other issues following fighting overseas. She also stated Brown helped tremendously with relief efforts during Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans. That shows a character of giving to others unselfishly,  Jackson Lee said.Additional arguments by defense attorneyThe defense attorney belabored the point that they are against the notion that Brown abused a position of trust, which is established by the evidence presented in the trial.Smith explained the definition of obstruction of justice, which Brown is accused of doing while taking the stand by the prosecutor, stating that it is the  intention or deliberate effort while on the stand to make material falsehoods. The judge wasn t so sure and asked the defense attorney to elaborate.Smith appeared to get emotional after posing two questions:  What type of sentence does justice require in this case?  and  How do you sentence someone who is a legend? He attributes some of her actions to the progress our country has made in terms of relations for black people.Smith said he met with an Orlando attorney who was from Jacksonville and said the attorney described Brown as  our Martin Luther King  for black Jacksonville natives. None of those people had to push the boulder up the mountain like she did,  said Smith, referring to others in Congress.  She truly is a legend. There are a lot of moving parts in the case against Corrine Brown and her co-conspirators.Carla Wiley first became involved in the fraud scheme when she started dating Ronnie Simmons.She was president of a charity called One Door for Education, which was never actually registered as a 501(c)(3).The fake charity received more than $800,000 in four years, with about only $1,200 of it actually going to scholarships for students. That money is now gone.Simmons was dating Wiley when he told her he needed a nonprofit to financially back a reception for congresswoman Brown in 2012. Wiley offered One Door for Education as an option for that reception.The charity claimed to give scholarships to poor and underprivileged children seeking the become teachers.Lead prosecutor A. Tysen Duva argued during the trial that Ronnie Simmons worked under Brown and did her bidding by taking out $800 a day from the One Door for Education bank account and depositing it into Brown s personal bank account. He did this numerous times, according to Duva and evidence released earlier this month.The fake charity was essentially used as a slush fund for Corrine Brown s travels, expenses and shopping, according to the prosecutors.She used the money put in her bank account to go to Nassau, Bahamas with her daughter, fly to Beverly Hills and shop along Rodeo Drive, and attend a Beyonc  concert, according to court documents and previous reports by First Coast News.The prosecutors also argued that Brown committed wire fraud, mail fraud and stole money from the government after she lied on tax documents.Brown had friends in high places, such as former CSX CEO Mike Ward. She would ask them for donation to Open Door for Education and many of them gladly donated, according to previous reports and prosecutor testimony.Ward, for instance, contributed $35,000 to One Door for Education after learning that the money would go toward providing students with iPads for learning.Prosecutors also argued that Brown lied about and inflated what she gave in tithes to various churches. The churches came forward in the trial and said the donations claimed to be given by Brown did not match their records, to which Brown said she sometimes gave anonymous donations.Other legitimate scholarship organizations came forward and said they had never received funds from Brown s charity.Meanwhile, Brown s tax returns claimed she contributed as much as $30,000   20 percent to a third of her income, to various charities.",0
17633,"WHOA! Is RINO Senator Mitch McConnell Behind Roy Moore “Hit Job”?…”I strongly, strongly suspect somebody out of the McConnell camp planted the story”","From the Washington Examiner   Roy Moore is the embattled Republican senatorial nominee in Alabama, but two other figures in the party have even more to lose in his race: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.First, the obvious. If Moore is beaten by Democrat Doug Jones   a leaked National Republican Senatorial Committee poll has the socially conservative retired judge trailing Jones by 12 points, but this is at odds with public polling   McConnell will be knocked down to leading a 51-49 Republican Senate.That may not seem like much in a Senate that has no meaningful filibuster for executive and judicial appointments, but where 52 votes are no more useful for advancing legislation that can t be snuck through the reconciliation process. It is nevertheless significant given that the Senate has already had trouble passing major legislation like Obamacare repeal and tax reform with the majority it currently has.It also would bring the Democrats one vote closer to recapturing the Senate majority, despite a very daunting electoral map for the upper chamber in 2018. Winning such a reliably red state would aid Democratic candidate recruitment across the board and embolden the party s ten senators from states President Trump carried who are up for re-election next year.Superficially speaking, McConnell comes out a loser if Moore is defeated. But not in the bigger picture. The Dec. 12 special Senate election in Alabama could also be viewed as a front in the proxy war between McConnell and Bannon.After leaving the White House, Bannon threatened to recruit primary challengers for most of the incumbent Republican senators who are seeking re-election in 2018. At a joint press conference with Trump in the Rose Garden, McConnell didn t mince words about how he felt about this gambit. Look, you know, the goal here is to win elections in November,  McConnell said last month.  Back in 2010 and 2012, we nominated several candidates   Christine O Donnell, Sharron Angle, Todd Akin, Richard Mourdock. They re not in the Senate. And the reason for that was that they were not able to appeal to a broader electorate in the general election. My goal as the leader of the Republican Party in the Senate is to keep us in the majority,  he added.  The way you do that is not complicated. You have to have nominated people who can actually win, because winners make policy and losers go home. Bannon wants more Republican senators who will vote against McConnell. McConnell and his allies believe the Breitbart News chief s intervention in the primaries could lead to fewer Republican senators overall, so they have started punching back.In September s Alabama Republican primary, McConnell went all in on appointed incumbent Sen. Luther Strange and lost, despite the president s backing. Bannon made the argument that the candidate Trump endorsed wasn t the one who would be most supportive of the Trump agenda. For that, he insisted, you needed an anti-establishment candidate like Moore. Bannon, via Moore, won.Both men might have been better off with Rep. Mo Brooks, who was eliminated in the first round of voting. Brooks was big on the Trump agenda and did not have all the weird sexual baggage that could wind up dooming Moore. Bannon allies told the Washington Examiner that the former top Trump strategist might have preferred Brooks.Yet McConnell s political apparatus spent heavily against Moore to protect Strange, a sitting senator who struggled from the local perception he secured his seat through some kind of corrupt bargain with disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley. And Bannon couldn t very well throw his weight behind a candidate who, despite being ideologically Trumpist, endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, over Trump in the 2016 primaries   especially while still serving in the West Wing.Freed from the White House, Bannon backed Moore less because the  Ten Commandments judge  had any particular affinity for the issues that Trump ran on last year and more because Alabama s political conditions made him likely to beat Strange. Moore would owe McConnell and the establishment nothing, but Bannon would have chits to cash in and an improved reputation as a kingmaker inside the GOP.If Moore loses in a disastrous fashion (and remember it is courting disaster for this race to even be competitive; in 2014, Jeff Sessions had no Democratic challenger and won over 97 percent of the vote), it will prove McConnell s point about the futility of Bannon s enterprise before the Senate majority is ever really at risk.Breitbart   American Majority founder Ned Ryun talked about Roy Moore and the Alabama Senate race with Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon and SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday s Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live from the Restoration Weekend event.Bannon asked Ryun about celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred s involvement in the Roy Moore case, representing a woman who accuses Moore of assaulting her in 1977 when she was 16 years old.Ryan said Allred is  basically a human vulture when you look back at some of the things she s been involved in.Watch lawyer Gloria Allred, as she skirts the issue of whether or not the high school yearbook being used to prove a relationship between Judge Roy Moore and one of his accusers is a forgery:Watch forgery expert make case that Gloria Allred s client is lying about Roy Moore s signature: Remember the incident with Arnold Schwarzenegger?  Ryun asked.  She brought all these women in front of him, said they re going to sue, they re going to file suit against Schwarzenegger. Guess what? After the election, absolutely nothing happened. I think a real turning point was that press conference when they pulled out the yearbook and the signature,  he said of Allred s entry into the Moore controversy, referring to an interview with MSNBC s Katy Tur where Allred did not come off well.Ryun said this interview demonstrated that the best way to respond to sensational allegations is to  just throw facts back at them. Ryun said there was no doubt in his mind that the allegations against Moore were part of an  organized hit,  as Bannon put it. I ve been in D.C. almost 20 years. And, again, I don t have hard proof, and I will say this clearly: I do not have hard proof, but I strongly suspect it s a very short list of people, all who are associated with Mitch McConnell   whether it s Josh Holmes, whether it s Karl Rove, might even be Steven Law   I don t know, but I strongly, strongly suspect somebody out of the McConnell camp planted the story. It was planted. This came with the blessing of Mitch McConnell at some point, that he was going to take a political shot at Roy Moore,  he declared. ",0
17634,MUST READ: I’m Still Trying To Figure Out How Hillary Lost The Election…,"Once you ve read this list, you re going to want to share this with everyone you know! Was it the Russian Uranium Deal? Was it Wikileaks? Was it Podesta? Was it Comey? Was it having a sexual predator as a husband? Was it Huma Abedin s sexual predator husband Anthony Weiner? Was it because the Clinton Foundation ripped off Haiti? Was it subpoena violations? Was it the congressional testimony lies? Was it the corrupt Clinton Foundation? Was it the Benghazi butchering? Was it pay for play?Was it being recorded laughing because she got a child rapist off when she was an attorney? Was it the Travel Gate scandal? Was it the Whitewater scandal? Was it the Cattle Gate scandal? Was it the Trooper-Gate scandal? OR . Was it the $15 million for Chelsea s apartment bought with foundation money? Or her husband s interference with Loretta Lynch & the investigation? Or having debate questions stolen & given to her? Or her own secret server in her house? Or deleting 30,000 emails? Or having cell phones destroyed with hammers? Was it the Seth Rich murder?Was it the Vince Foster murder? Was it the Gennifer Flowers assault & settlement? Was it the $800,000 Paula Jones settlement? Was it calling half the United States deplorable? Was it the underhanded treatment of Bernie Sanders?Was it Bill s impeachment? Was it the lie about being under sniper fire in Bosnia?Was it the $10 million she took for the pardon of Marc Rich? Or the $6 BILLION she  lost  when in charge of the State Dept.? Or because she is a hateful, lying, power-hungry, overly ambitious, greedy, nasty person? Gee I just can t seem to put my finger on it -Author unknown",0
17635,WOW! IS MEGHAN MCCAIN FINISHED With The Hateful Hags of “The View” After Today’s Blow Up With Joy Behar? [VIDEO],"It s pretty common knowledge for anyone s who s tortured themselves by watching The View, that it s really nothing more than a liberal, think-tank for dummies with too much time on their hands. Only one month ago, Meghan McCain left her job at Fox News as a co-host on  The Five  to plant herself at the end of the table, where anywhere between 4-6 angry women spend one-hour every weekday telling their viewers why they re angry, and why they hate President Trump and anyone who supports him. Thankfully for Meghan, she s the daughter of RINO Senator John McCain, one of the angriest men in politics, so she knows a thing or two about how to handle angry, and irrational people, who are driven by hate, and inspired by their desire to seek revenge. She also knows that her position at the end of the table (where the token  conservatives  are seated on The View), was likely offered to her because she was already on the anti-Trump train and didn t need any coaching.Every day, it becomes more and more obvious to the viewers that the pressure cooker relationship between unhinged co-hosts, Joy Behar and Sunny Hostin, and their hated opponent Meghan McCain won t last. If I was a betting woman, I d bet McCain is packing up her dressing room and heading back to Fox for another attempt at more intellectual discourse and meaningful dialogue by the end of this year.Watch [Fireworks start at about the 3:30-minute mark]: There s a lot of Democrats asking for [Franken] to step down if you can believe it I don t just watch Fox,  McCain said, looking at Behar.  Fox is sex harassment central,  Behar interrupted. You know what. That s so cheap. I m trying to talk about the fact that I watch other networks and people in your party are calling for the stepping down of Al Franken because of this investigation being a distraction,  a frustrated McCain shot back.Whoopi attempted to interject, before losing her words and simply exclaiming,  Well, shoot. I was responding to Joy. I just don t think that saying Fox is X, I know, I used to work there,  McCain continued.  We re talking about the present. This is what s exhausting about this conversation. I totally agree with you that it s absolutely disgusting at this point that we re still having conversations about Roy Moore. He should step down. but right now we re talking about another senator. We re also talking about hypocrisy, which is what provoked my outburst,  Behar explained.  Trump s hypocrisy, Fox s hypocrisy, Breitbart, Sean Hannity, all of them. What about the hypocrisy of Bill Clinton right now?  McCain asked, prompting Joy to ask,  Why bring up Bill Clinton at this point? It was at this point Whoopi stopped the conversation in its tracks, saying,  We re doing and we ll be right back,  before the show went to commercials.  TooFabDo you think Meghan McCain will last another month on The View? We d love to hear your thoughts below. ",0
17636,WATCH: UNCOVERED VIDEO REVEALS Dan Rather Saying Americans Are Bored With Bill Clinton Rape Story…Want To “Move On” To The Next Thing,"In one of his regular appearances on the Imus In The Morning radio show, Dan Rather was asked by Imus in 1999, if he had any idea why NBC News was sitting on the story about the rape charges against Bill Clinton by Juanita Broaddrick?   Rather responded that the reason they were  sitting on the story  was  pretty obvious.  First, Rather clarified that they don t call to tell him why or why not they choose to hide a story from their news channel, but suggested:  I think it s pretty obvious that they re nervous about, number one, whether this information is accurate, whether it s really true or not. And number two, even if it does turn out to be true, it happened a long time ago, and number three, they ve got to be figuring that maybe, just maybe the American public has heard all that they want to hear about it and they re saying,  next , let s move on to the next thing. Imus went on to say that he read an article in either the leftist propaganda Newsweek or Time magazine that  even the woman herself, Juanita Broaddrick said she hoped that this thing went away this week, and even she was sick of hearing about it, [Dan Rather interrupted Imus with laughter] and it s her story.  Dan Rather then busted out in laughter and agreed, saying,  Well let s hope she gets her way with that.  More laughter Imus then revealed that  Someone from NBC News told me that she wasn t clear about when exactly this thing happened, but then her son called me and he s an attorney someplace, in, I guess in Arkansas, and he wanted me to know, why he called me god knows, but he wanted me to know that that was not the case, that she knows exactly what it was, and there was some other reason they were sitting on it. Instead of responding to Imus  comments, Rather deflected by making an embarrassing play to stroke Imus  ego and distract him from the reason NBC hiding the Clinton rape story. Rather continued,  But I just don t know if this is going anywhere, you know, I d have to bet for the moment that it isn t. The Washington Post gave it a pretty good ride on Saturday, and there wasn t much pick up from it. So unless there s some new and sensational information developed out of it, my guess is that it probably dribbles away. ",0
17637,UNHINGED TEXAS WOMAN DRIVING Pickup Truck With Vile Anti-Trump Message Gets Arrested For Unrelated Offense,"Just another case of  Love Trumps Hate LOL! The more hate these unhinged liberals spew, the more Independent voters will be inspired to go to the polls and vote for Trump in 2020.The owner of a pickup truck that drew attention this week because of a profane anti-Trump sticker was arrested in Houston on Thursday on an outstanding warrant.Karen Fonseca was arrested about 2 p.m. on an outstanding fraud warrant issued in August by the Rosenberg, Texas, Police Department, Fort Bend County Sheriff s Office records show.Mike Fonseca, her husband, posted her $1,500 bond Thursday night and she was released an hour later, Houston s KHOU-TV reported.A sheriff s spokesman didn t respond to a message seeking details about the warrant.Previously, Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls threatened Fonseca with a disorderly conduct charge over the decal. However, District Attorney John Healey said he didn t think the case would have stood up in court because of First Amendment protections on free speech.Fonseca defended her right to keep the sticker on the vehicle. It s not to cause hate or animosity,  Fonseca, 46, told the Houston Chronicle.  It s just our freedom of speech and we re exercising it. Fonseca said the message has been on the rear window of the pickup for nearly a year and it ll stay there for the time being. There s no law against freedom of speech, nothing in the law book here in Texas,  she told KHOU-TV.  I ve been stopped numerous times, but they can t write me a ticket. Nehls on Wednesday posted a photo of the profane sticker on his Facebook page, threatening the then-unidentified Fonseca with a misdemeanor charge of disorderly conduct.A spokeswoman for the sheriff s office said Thursday that Nehls removed the post after Fonseca was identified. Due to the hate messages he has been receiving toward his wife and children, the sheriff will not be commenting on the matter further,  the spokeswoman said in an email.  Fox News ",0
17638,"DEMOCRAT SENATOR AL FRANKEN Thought It Would Be Hilarious To Do An SNL Skit About Drugging and Raping 60 Minutes Reporter: “when Lesley’s passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her”","Democratic Senator Al Franken   who has been accused of kissing a woman without her consent and pretending to grope her in a photo   once pitched an SNL sketch about raping a journalist, it has emerged.The remarks were made in 1995, when Franken and other writers on the show were working up a sketch about then-60 Minutes host Andy Rooney finding a bottle of pills in his desk, New York Magazine reported at the time.As the team batted ideas around, Franken suggested that the pills might be used by Rooney to drug Lesley Stahl at which point he would  take her to the closet and rape her .The sketch was part of an ongoing series in which Norm Macdonald portrayed Rooney as an out-of-touch misanthrope with a tenuous grasp on reality.Macdonald had suggested that Rooney could say  I don t know what the pills are for   what I do know is, the bottle is mostly filled with cotton. Franken then chipped in with:  And,  I give the pills to Lesley Stahl. Then, when Lesley s passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her. Or,  That s why you never see Lesley until February.  Or,  When she passes out, I put her in various positions and take pictures of her. Stahl was a contributor to 60 Minutes at the time. Macdonald then asked,  What if Rooney rapes Mike Wallace? And then says,  I guess that makes me bad.  Is it funnier with a black guy? Or two old white guys? Franken responded:  What about,  I drag Mike into my office and rape him. Right here! I guess that makes me bad. The sketch never made it to air, and it s questionable whether it was ever intended to do so.But the 1995 report has now resurfaced   as it did in 2008, when Franken made his successful run for Minnesota Senator.At the time, his campaign said:  Al understands, and the people of Minnesota understand, the difference between what a satirist does and what a senator does. But newly emerged claims that Franken kissed a woman without her consent in 2006, and pretended to grope her in a photo while she was sleeping have been tougher for the comedian to address. Daily MailWatch Leeann Tweeden talk about Senator Franken s repulsive sexual assault against her: ",0
17639,WHOOPI GOLDBERG RANTS: ‘Stupidest Thing’ That UCLA Players Did: ‘You embarrassed the president’ [Video],"Well this is a shocker! The usual leftist slant on The View was put aside for some support for President Trump. Who knew these political hacks could be reasonable and kind to Trump! Whoopi Goldberg took the lead when she gave the three basketball players who were detained by China a tongue lashing Yes, what were they thinking? She surprised everyone when she brought up how they embarrassed the president. No kidding! Whoopi Goldberg and her co-hosts on ABC s  The View  expressed their astonishment Thursday at the fact that three UCLA freshmen basketball players were accused of shoplifting while on a team trip to China.The players were arrested by Chinese police and only released this week after President Donald Trump asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intercede. Goldberg said the players embarrassed Trump and the country, but credited the president for helping the players return to the U.S. You embarrassed your families, you embarrassed the country, and you embarrassed the president,  Goldberg said.  Now I m not a big fan of the president, but the fact that he had to call and get your asses out of there is not anything to be proud of or think is cool. If this isn t the stupidest thing a young person has done, particularly if you re over six-feet tall, and black  she continued.",0
17640,WATCH: The View’s JOY BEHAR Wants To Know “What About Trump?” After Democrat Senator Al Franken Is Busted For Groping Women,"After reporter and model, Leeann Tweeden accused Franken of writing a sketch where he d come at her for a kiss, but she planned to turn away to get more laughs. After he allegedly insisted on rehearsing the moment, she said he  came at me, put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth.  She added it left her feeling  disgusted and violated.  Tweeden also shared a photo of Franken grabbing her breasts while she slept on a cargo plane following the event.  I felt violated all over again. Embarrassed. Belittled. Humiliated. It s very disappointing to hear this about Al Franken. He was a very funny comedian at this time, he s a Senator from Minnesota, he s a great advocate for women and other,  Joy Behar said.Yeah, Joy, tell us how hilarious Al Franken really is, I m sure women all over America are dying to hear about what a cut-up you think the pervert/comedian/elected (barely) lawmaker is.The conversation between The View hags took on a more serious tone for a moment, and for a brief moment, the viewers were given the opportunity to see women who cared more about other women than about politics, but it was only for a brief moment. Shortly after rabid, leftist, co-host, Sonny Hostin read Franken s apology, she attempted to get assurance from her fellow hags that everything was okay because Franken apologized? It took all of 1 second for not funny  comedian  and GROPER extraordinaire, Joy Behar to start asking,  What about Trump?  Meghan McCain was quick to remind the hag hosts of The View that it s not about Trump. Co-host Sunny Hostin was quick to turn the conversation back to Donald Trump, saying,  I mean we heard the Access Hollywood tape. ",0
17641,"NYT’s GIVES “THUMBS UP” To New “Justice League” Movie, Starring Accused Sexual Predator Ben Affleck: “Better Than The Last One!”","The New York Times gave the accused sexual predator, Ben Affleck s new movie a thumbs up, but neglects to mention the sexual predator allaegations against him.Immediately after the Weinstein accusations started to come out, actress Hilarie Burton accused Ben Affleck of sexually assaulting her during a filming. Shanice Brim told Burton how sorry she was that Affleck sexually assaulted her, saying,  It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done. He also grabbed Hilarie Burton's breasts on TRL once. Everyone forgot though.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 10, 2017Actress Hilarie Burton responded,  I didn t forget. I m so sorry that happened to you. It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 11, 2017Here s a video of Ben Affleck where he allegedly grabbed the actress  breasts:https://t.co/wh2MpJVQzlGirls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017Ben Affleck was also accused by one of Harvey Weinstein s victims of covering up sexual assault, after he made a comment about how  saddened  and  angry  he was at his bestie Harvey Weinstein for his actions:You want to play let's play #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/uqd26Z78gc  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Here s the Justice League star in another disgusting video where he s clearly objectifying the female reporter:[VIDEO] Ben Affleck objectifies female reporter, comments on her breasts, then makes fun of ""retarded"" people with cerebral palsy. #cringe pic.twitter.com/5OiBtYkkVB  Austen Fletcher (@fleccas) October 12, 2017To add insult to injury, only days ago, Affleck appeared on MTV, where he gave a cringeworthy, and very arrogant interview about the new Justice League movie, along with his co-stars. The Mercury News published a story following his interview where they asked,  Does Ben Affleck really want to stop people from writing him off as an arrogant male movie star who lacks the character or good sense to move past his difficult associations with sexual harassment? Does he really want people to believe he can  be part of the solution  to ending a Hollywood culture that long allowed rich and powerful men like Harvey Weinstein to sexually mistreat women?Does he at least want to save his new movie  Justice League  from more bad press, after critics gave it generally negative reviews?Then Affleck better shut up, especially after his latest cringe-worthy comments surfaced.For an MTV  Justice League  cast interview last week, the Batman actor jauntily chomped his way through a big wad a gum while cracking a couple jokes that appeared to reference the sexual misconduct engulfing his industry, the Huffington Post reported. We could use more women!  Affleck said, perhaps trying to sound like he wanted to correct Hollywood s notorious gender disparity in movie narratives.But when his co-star Ray Fisher, who plays Cyborg in the film, was asked what would happen if Supergirl teamed up with the  Justice League,  the younger actor said in a very PR-friendly way,  I think it would create a different dynamic. That s when Affleck, failing to read the room or to grasp his own lack of charm in this situation, blurted out.  You following the news at all? He broke into a smile, chomping his gum some more, apparently thinking he was being very clever in referencing the sexual misconduct crisis that has engulfed his industry.Here s the arrogant and NOT funny interview: pic.twitter.com/o3bMi4WWQ5    (@stormpiIott) November 13, 2017Even the hard-core leftist publication Slate, gives their readers a list of movies they beleive will be affected by the Weinstein scandal and those who were close to the accused rapist, who are also facing sexual misconduct charges. The New York Times, however, has chosen to ignore Affleck s bad behavior in their review, however. We re pretty sure that given their history of bashing conservatives, if Affleck wasn t a mega-Democrat donor, his name would ve been the focus of the New York Times headline From Slate   Justice League (debut- November 17)  The Justice League press tour was going to be plenty difficult even before the Weinstein scandal went wide: As the movie underwent a director switch and major reshoots, rumors flew that Warner Bros. might be looking to bump an erratic Ben Affleck from his perch as Batman. Now, Affleck has been implicated in the Weinstein scandal by actress Rose McGowan, who claims the actor knew that Weinstein had assaulted her two decades ago, even though his recent statement on the matter pled na vet . McGowan s tweet  Ben Affleck fuck off  went viral and prompted renewed scrutiny of the actor s own behavior; Affleck has since apologized to actress Hilarie Burton for groping her during a long-ago TRL appearance.NYT s    Justice League,  the newest DC Comics superhero jam directed by Zack Snyder, is looser, goosier and certainly more watchable than the last one. The bar could scarcely have been lower given that the previous movie,  Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice,  was such an interminable slog. The superhero and villain dynamic is much the same (slayers going to slay, etc.), but there are a few fresh faces now and Wonder Woman has more to do than play backup. The story is a confusion of noise, visual clutter and murderous digital gnats, but every so often a glimmer of life flickers through.The last time he fronted a movie, Superman (Henry Cavill) seemed to die, a plot twist that not even the most credulous viewer could buy. So, of course he s back in this one, eventually, although first the band needs to get together. Having seen trouble on the horizon, Batman, a.k.a. Bruce Wayne   played with a sepulchral growl and bespoke stubble by Ben Affleck   takes the lead on this enterprise. He s the insistent manager as well as the scowling host, the guy with the cool digs, smooth rides with blinking screens ( critical damage  reads one with great comic-book sincerity) and suave butler (Jeremy Irons as Alfred). He s also pretty much of a yawn.The pumped-up Mr. Affleck again fills out the bat suit from ripped stem to stern, but his costume remains grievously larger than Batman s (or Bruce s) personality. Bat-Bruce clearly has some kind of unrequited thing for Wonder Woman, a.k.a. Diana Prince (Gal Gadot, a charming super-presence), which leads him to stammer like a teenager. (She s got other things on her mind.) He has money and a modest sense of humor, including about his wealth, which inspires one of the movie s few decent laughs. Mr. Affleck, a generally appealing actor who can plumb the depths when pushed ( Gone Girl ), needs something more substantial (or just more jokes) if his Batman is ever going to work.Cyborg isn t as buoyant a presence, which makes sense for a character who s been partly cobbled together from scraps and a sob story that Mr. Fisher puts across with bowed head and palpable heaviness. The hoodie he sometimes wears, which can t help but evoke Trayvon Martin, imparts a larger meaning that the movie doesn t or can t explore. Like the references to a coming world catastrophe that suggestively shudders with wider implications, the hoodie suggests filmmakers who are still struggling to keep an eye on the offscreen world while spinning a fictional universe that can somehow offer a brief escape from it. ",0
17642,AWESOME! President Trump Gives Fatherly Advice About ‘The Road of Life’ to UCLA Basketball Players,"You ve gotta love this president and his ability to send personal messages via twitter He just gave some fatherly advice to the three UCLA basketball players in deep trouble for shoplifting while in China President Donald Trump on Thursday encouraged the three UCLA basketball freshmen who he helped get out of China after being arrested for shoplifting to thank President Xi Jinping for his help as well.LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley, and Jalen Hill were arrested during a team trip trip to China on Nov. 8 after being accused of stealing designer sunglasses in Hangzhou. Trump learned of the incident while traveling in Asia and asked his Chinese counterpart to intercede.Ball, Riley and Hill gave remorseful statements on Wednesday and thanked Trump and the U.S. government for their help Trump had tweeted earlier in the day wondering if he would receive gratitude from the players for his intercession.On Thursday, he also dispensed a little life advice. To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You re welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made your release possible, and HAVE A GREAT LIFE!  he wrote.To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017 Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!  he added. .your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017While they got out of trouble in China, the three freshmen have been indefinitely suspended from their team by head coach Steve Alford. Read more: WFB",0
17643,FORMER JOE BIDEN Secret Service Agent Claims They Had to Protect Women From Him…Biden “would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s a**es”,"Several uncomfortable videos have surfaced this week, showing former Vice President Joe Biden groping little girls. Apparently, according to a former secret service agent, Vice President Joe Biden is not only interested in touching little girls in inappropriate ways, he s also someone the Secret Service felt they needed to protect from their female agents.Here s one example of Creepy Joe touching and rubbing a little girl who is clearly uncomfortable with his inappropriate actions:Big League Politics  Cassandra Fairbanks dropped a bombshell report on Gateway Pundit, where she released a stunning report from a former Secret Service agent assigned to the Vice President Joe Biden residence claims that the Service often had to protect female agents from him.Speaking on the condition of anonymity, the agent asserted that,  We had to cancel the VP Christmas get together at the Vice President s house because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend s asses.  The annual party was for agents and Navy personnel who were tasked with protecting the Biden family. He would mess with every single woman or teen. It was horrible,  the agent said.According to the source, a Secret Service agent once got suspended for a week in 2009 for shoving Biden after he cupped his girlfriend s breast while the couple was taking a photo with him. The situation got so heated, the source told Cassandra Fairbanks, that others had to step in to prevent the agent from hitting the then-Vice President.Additionally, the agent claims that Biden would walk around the VP residence naked at night.  I mean, Stark naked  Weinstein level stuff,  he added.He said that the men on duty would frequently stand in front of female agents and Navy women that were present  like a damn guardian.  On some occasions, they would make up reasons to get the women away from where he was.The agent said he was specifically concerned about women in the Navy. They weren t allowed to disobey him at all, but we d take them away under pretend auspices,  the agent stated.Best-selling author Ronald Kessler wrote about Biden s problem with female agents in his book The First Family Detail.Go to the 2:00-minute mark to hear Kessler tell Sean Hannity how Vice President Joe Biden likes to swim naked in front of female secret service agents:Next time you hear the liberal media talking about how Judge Roy Moore should step down from his bid to become Alabama s next US Senator, with absolutely no evidence that he has ever even made a teenage girl feel uncomfortable  remember the actual videos of Joe Biden, the so-called future of the Democrat Party, groping numerous little girls in plain view of the media, and of the little girls families, while everyone tried to pretend it wasn t happening. ",0
17644,WHOA! FEMINIST HACK LAWYER Gloria Allred REFUSES To Say If High School Yearbook Used As Evidence Against Roy Moore Is A Forgery,"This story just keeps unraveling Two days ago, conservative Thomas Wictor dropped a bombshell on Twitter, exposing what he suggested was a forged Roy Moore signature on the yearbook that allegedly belongs to Beverly Young Nelson, the most recent sexual misconduct accuser of GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore.CNN published a story about Roy Moore signing Nelson s yearbook. Thomas Wictor dissected the signature and the validity of her story on Twitter:Beverly Young Nelson said Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore wrote a message in her yearbook in December 1977 that said, ""To a sweeter more beautiful girl, I could not say, 'Merry Christmas.'""She said he signed it, ""Roy Moore, D.A."" https://t.co/aluJzQsv15 pic.twitter.com/esjGd1ssd9  CNN (@CNN) November 13, 2017Here are close up versions of the signatures. Note, that when viewed close up, the signature is signed in both black and blue ink.Here is a closer version of the yearbook signature:Here is Wictor s explanation for the different colors of ink:(4) The LIGHT is reflecting off of the ink.The ink that LOOKS blue is actually black. It's DIFFERENT ink than the ORIGINAL ink.Therefore it reflects light differently.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 16, 2017(11) So, to recap:The signature is a forgery, and everything after the name ""Roy-Ray"" was added later with different ink. pic.twitter.com/1sPv6aABge  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) November 15, 2017Just like the ""TH"" doomed Dan Rather, ""DA"" will doom the anti Roy Moore forces. They copied his signature on Nelsons divorce order not realizing ""DA"" was his assistants initials, not his title. The sheer stupidity! pic.twitter.com/oWJ5fzM6fr  TruthHurts (@tru768) November 15, 2017Moore s attorney came out today with a statement regarding the signature in question in the high school yearbook. Here s what he had to say:Roy Moore's Attorney: ""[Nelson & Gloria Allred] said that Ms. Nelson after the allegations had never seen or had any contact with Judge Moore  In 1999, Ms. Nelson filed a divorce action  The judge assigned was Roy S. Moore."" pic.twitter.com/Bv5ZV0CMvc  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 15, 2017Meanwhile, the leftist, feminist lawyer, Gloria Allred, refused to deny that her client Beverly Nelson s  Roy Moore  signature in her high school yearbook is NOT a fabrication. CNN s Wolf Blitzer grilled Allred on the matter Wednesday.Big League Politics    Well, all I m saying is, we will permit an independent examiner of the writing We will allow all of this to be asked and answered at the hearing,  Allred said. But that s not a flat denial, Gloria,  Blitzer said. Well, all I m saying is, we re not denying, we re not admitting, we re not addressing,  Allred said.  We will not be distracted. Blitzer asked why Allred needed a Senate hearing and would not just permit an independent handwriting expert to take a look. Well, uh, all I can say is we want it done in a professional setting to the extent possible, that s the only setting in which people can testify under oath,  Allred said.Blitzer asked if Allred s client would take a lie-detector test, but she refused, pushing for a Senate hearing.Go to the 25:30 min. mark in the video:",0
17645,WOW! WATCH: CREEPY JOE BIDEN Just Can’t Keep His Hands (Or Body) Off Senator Kelly Ayotte’s 6-Yr Old Daughter,"Yesterday, we posted videos of  Creepy Joe Biden  rubbing his hands all over the upper bodies of little girls whose parents or grandparents were present, while photographers and videographers were snapping photos and capturing footage of the uncomfortable interactions.Joe Biden didn t earn his nickname  Creepy Joe  or  Creepy Uncle Joe  for his good behavior. Sadly,  Creepy Joe  earned his nickname after he was caught numerous times groping women and young girls on camera. Of course, the media gives Joe Biden a pass, because he s a Democrat, and if there s anything we ve learned over the past 4 decades, it s that high-profile members of the Democrat Party, like accused rapist Bill Clinton, can t be held accountable for their  playful  sexual advances towards women, and in the especially creepy Joe Biden s case, young girls.The video below is a perfect example of how Democrats have been allowed to blatantly abuse their power for decades, while both parties and the media look the other way. In 2011, Kelly Ayotte was being sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden. The video starts with Joe Biden standing alone when Ayotte s little 6-year old daughter Kate, catches his eye. Like a moth to the light, Biden seeks her out.  Who is that beautiful child? Biden asks. Biden then turns around and appears to be looking to see if anyone is watching him as he approaches her. Kate s mother, Kelly Ayotte rushes over when she sees Biden attempting to interact with her daughter and tells her to  come on out  from hiding. Biden strikes up a conversation with Kelly Ayotte while stroking the head of her toddler son and talking in a weird hushed tone. All the while, Biden appears to be keeping his eye on the prize (Ayotte s daughter Kate). Meanwhile, Ayotte s husband appears to be having a private conversation with his daughter when Biden, who can t help himself, moves over closer to the dad, shakes his hand and for no apparent reason, tells her father that  She can have whatever she wants.  Biden then attempts to strike up a conversation with the little girl, asking her,  How old are you? . When it appears the Ayotte family is ready for the swearing-in ceremony, Biden begins to direct the family, as to where they are to stand. He makes what appears to be a calculated decision for the little girl to stand next to him. Biden then proceeds to grind his groin area into the little girl over and over. The little girl is visibly uncomfortable in the video. Biden can be seen strangely stroking the head and hair of Ayotte s daughter as he swears Kelly Ayotte in the US Senate.As the Ayotte family attempts to leave the swearing-in ceremony, the cringe-worthy VP pulls the little Ayotte girl back into him and leans in to whisper dating advice in her ear (for the second time). As Joe leans in, he begins to stroke her head with both hands and leans down to kiss the little girl he just met on the head. Little 6-yr. old Kate is clearly uncomfortable with his unwanted mauling. Joe appears to be very accomplished at making small talk, especially about his own young grandchildren, which is likely a great way to deflect the parent s suspicion from him while he strokes the heads and bodies, young girls. The stroking of her hair and rubbing of Kate s body with his hands continues for much too long before the Ayotte family finally exits the room, at which time, Biden looks around and asks if anyone else wants to be sworn in (hopefully, with young children in tow).Watch:Go HERE to see more cringe-worthy Joe Biden videos.h/t GP ",0
17646,"Viewers Are DEMANDING Shepard Smith Be FIRED After Fox News’ Leftist Host, Shepard Smith, Pulled UNBELIEVABLE Propaganda Stunt Last Night [VIDEO]","Only one day ago, FOX News published a factual story outlining Hillary s involvement in the sale of uranium to Russia while she was acting as Barack Obama s Secretary of State.Fox News  What was the Uranium One deal?In 2013, Rosatom, backed by the Russian state, acquired a Canadian uranium mining company, now called Uranium One, which has assets in the U.S. Uranium is key to making nuclear weapons.Through the deal, Russia is able to own about 20 percent of U.S. uranium production capacity. However, Colin Chilcoat, an energy affairs specialist who has written extensively about Russia s energy deals, said that the company only extracts about 11 percent of uranium in the U.S.The deal also  doesn t allow for that uranium to be exported at all,  Chilcoat told Fox News.  It s not like it s leaving the U.S. or somehow finding its way to more insidious players. The agreement was approved by nine government agencies with the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an inter-agency group that reviews how certain foreign investments can impact national security. Clinton s State Department was one of those agencies, though the former secretary of state told WMUR-TV in 2015 that she was not  personally involved  in the agreement.Why is it controversial? Republicans have largely decried the deal, especially as some investors reportedly donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. Former President Bill Clinton also received a $500,000 speaking fee in Russia and reportedly met with Vladimir Putin around the time of the deal.The FBI had looked into the agreement and uncovered that some Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in nefarious dealings, which included extortion, bribery, and kickbacks, The Hill reported. Evidence of wrongdoing by Vadim Mikerin, the Russian official overseeing Putin s nuclear expansion in the U.S. who was eventually sentenced to prison, was discovered by the FBI before the deal was approved, according to The Hill.Author Peter Schweizer   who wrote about the deal in his 2015 book  Clinton Cash    told Fox News that there is no evidence that the people involved with approving the agreement knew that the FBI had an ongoing investigation into it.Republicans say the whole affair raises serious questions. Now it s the Democrats who have some explaining to do,  Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement.  I hope they will cooperate with the investigation, be forthcoming with the American people and I expect the media to cover these new developments with the same breathless intensity that they have given to this investigation since day one. Yesterday, the liberal Fox News host, Shepard Smith infuriated a large number of the network s viewers on Tuesday after a six-minute segment in which he debunked far-right conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton s alleged wrongdoing in a sale of American uranium. The segment was surprising given that a number of broadcasters on Smith s own network have promoted the idea that Clinton broke the law in approving the sale to foreign buyers who also donated to her husband s foundation.Smith said many claims about Clinton s supposed role in the uranium sale were  inaccurate    even as President Donald Trump and his supporters are calling for a federal investigation.The Fox News host began the segment by summarizing the particulars of the sale of Uranium One, a Canadian firm with rights to mine US uranium.Rosatom, a Russian firm, acquired a majority stake in Uranium One in 2010 and bought the remainder of the company in 2013.The segment infuriated Fox News viewers who demanded Smith be fired. Shep Smith needs to be fired for his biased reporting,  tweeted one Fox News viewer.  Daily Mail Twitter went nuts over the 6-minute propaganda piece on FOX News last night.Here are just a few of the tweets that blasted the whiny, liberal FOX News host for his disgusting liberal bias.Shepard Smith: AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONThe wrench in the @FoxNews wheel.PLEASE DUMP THE HACK.   pic.twitter.com/6xQnDBcA7K  thebradfordfile (@thebradfordfile) November 15, 2017Raise your hand  If you change the channel when thisObnoxiousFake Overly made-upLiberal shillBeta maleComes on@FoxNews #FireShep Shepard Smith Covers for Hillary, Spreads FAKE NEWS on #UraniumOne#WednesdayWisdom https://t.co/MBTIXz7uHz via @truthfeednews  SparkleMAGA  (@SparkleSoup45) November 15, 2017Most viewers of FOX  News question why the only conservative-leaning cable news show would want someone like Shepard Smith driving viewers away. Many believe Shep would be a better fit on any of the multiple liberal cable news shows, like MSNBC or CNN for instance.This Twitter user puts Fox News host Chris Wallace in the same category as Shepard Smith and thinks Fox should get rid of both of them:Chris Wallace and Shepard Smith should start a show on CNN called ""Pink Hat Brigade"" that's where you both belong. Shameful Fox, Get rid of these two asshats.  Matt Couch   (@RealMattCouch) November 13, 2017",0
17647,"WOW! Stepson Of New Roy Moore Accuser Makes Emotional Video…Says Stepmom is Lying: “For Whatever Reason She’s Doing This, I’m Truly Sorry”","Yesterday, Beverly Young Nelson sat with the same leftist lawyer, Gloria Allred, who came out after Donald Trump with false allegations of sexual harassment against Donald Trump before the election and made a public statement, claiming she was sexually assaulted by Judge Roy Moore when she was a teenager. Today, Beverly Young Nelson s son Darrel Nelson made a public Facebook video to let America know he s behind Judge Roy Moore and that believes his stepmother is not telling the truth about Judge Moore sexually assaulting her when she was a teen.Here is part of his transcript:Good evening. As I said today, I found out today, that my stepmother is one of the ladies that s accusing Judge Moore of an act that supposedly happened when she was a teenager. My father s name is John Allen Nelson. The woman that s committed this act against Mr. Moore, is Beverly Young Nelson. It s hard for me to actually have this conversation, but it must be done. Mr. Moore, I support you. I don t believe the acts that she s claimed you ve done. I don t believe it. I ve known the woman, she married my father many, many years ago, I ve known her for a while now, and I truly do not believe that she s being honest about this. You re a good judge. I ve growed up, I ve known your name since I was a kid. You cared about the ten commandments. You tried like hell to keep the ten commandments from being taken out of the courthouse. I remember. I ve been a member of Etowah County my whole life. I was born here. Now I m twisted. To you Mr. Moore, and to your wife, I do apologize. For whatever reason, she s doing this, and I am truly sorry. I stand behind you 100%. And to my stepmother, for whatever reasons you did this Why did you, I have a few questions about this: Why did you wait so long if this did happen? You waited, you said you were a teenager when it happened. Well, here it now, how many years later? And all of a sudden, now you re gonna bring it up when he s fixin  to go, and we done votin  him into the House, and you re trying to get him took out. I ve tried to keep quiet on your name because I see your name flying around everywhere.But I am a Moore supporter, but officially, this is the statement I ve been meaning to make. I know I m gonna get some backlash from my family, but that s okay. We the people made the decision. It s over. Democrats are taking a shot at it, using any and everybody they can get so they can tarnish his record, to get a Democrat to take his place. Well, I m sorry. We re not gonna have that. For whatever reason, she s done what she s done. This needs to end now. So with this official statement, I stand with Moore, all the way. I m reaching out to you Mr. Moore. If you need me to make a public statement, I ll do so on your behalf. Watch:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));My official statementPosted by Darrel Nelson on Tuesday, November 14, 2017 ",0
17648,FIREWORKS: TREY GOWDY Confronts Jeff Sessions at Congressional Hearing: ‘How do you restore people’s trust?’ [Video],"Trey Gowdy railed against the erosion of trust between the American people and the DOJ during a hearing before Congress today:  I want to start with something that s very important to me,  Gowdy began,  and I think it s important to all people in this country of good conscience, irrespective of their political ideation, and that s the independence of the Department of Justice. In my judgment, 2016 and 2017 have been challenging years for the Department of Justice. Gowdy then went into the various legal procedures for charging citizens, including political players like Hillary Clinton and former FBI director James Comey. Mr. Conyers asked you whether or not it was appropriate for the president to weigh in on an ongoing investigation,  Gowdy said.  And of course, the answer to that is  no.  It is not appropriate. It s not appropriate in 2017. It wasn t appropriate when President Obama did it in the IRS targeting scandal. It wasn t appropriate when President Obama did it in the ongoing investigation into Hillary Clinton s server. It is never appropriate for a president to tell a Department of Justice what outcome it would reach. I just wish my friends on the other side of the aisle would have the same kind of outrage when President Obama did it as they do now.  Then Gowdy asked a  last question. How do you restore people s trust   Republicans and Democrats   confidence in a Department of Justice when it seems like different rules apply depending on who s in power?  he asked.Attorney General Sessions gave a direct answer. Well, it s a good question and important question,  Sessions responded.  We intend to do our work, according to the established principles of the Department of Justice. We will not be infected by politics or bias. We will only make decisions we believe are right and just. We re not going to unlawfully use the department to advance a political agenda  I am determined that when the years go by, that people will say this Department of Justice did not crumble. Read more: bpr",0
17649,DISGUSTING VIDEOS Show Joe Biden Groping Little Girls…Watch Girls Elbow Biden To Keep His Hands Off Their Breasts,"Joe Biden didn t earn his nickname  Creepy Joe  or  Creepy Uncle Joe  for his good behavior. Sadly,  Creepy Joe  earned his nickname after he was caught numerous times groping women and young girls on camera. Of course, the media gives Joe Biden a pass, because he s a Democrat, and if there s anything we ve learned over the past 4 decades, it s that high-profile members of the Democrat Party, like accused rapist Bill Clinton, can t be held accountable for their  playful  sexual advances towards women, and in the especially creepy Joe Biden s case, young girls.The first girl is a niece of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky (R). The girl with the sharp elbow is apparently a relative of freshman Senator Steve Daines of Montana (R).An enlarged image from C-SPAN shows Biden s hand sliding over the chest of McConnell s niece.Another incident shows Biden s right hand sliding down a girl s shoulder and then his fingers creep over toward her breast [at about the 4:20 mark]. The girl elbowed Biden and stepped away from him, but Biden grabbed her and put his right hand back over her breast.Watch, as Joe Biden moves his hand down on this little girl s breast. You can see her elbowing him, as he s clearly making her uncomfortable. But Creepy Joe persists Here s a compilation of Joe Biden s sexual assaults in plain view of the camera and family members:One of the best videos in the collection of Creepy Joe moments caught on tape was when the camera caught the former Senator Jeff Sessions actually SLAPPING Joe s hands when he attempts to grab ahold of Sessions granddaughter. Watch:In another incident from that day, Biden is meeting Colorado Senator Cory Gardner and his wife and 11-year-old daughter. The daughter puts herself on the other side of Biden from her father. Biden reaches out to shake her hand and tires to pull her toward him such that the resisting girl stumbles in her heels. Biden then asks her to hold the Bible for the swearing-in of her father to get her next to him so he could fondle her. Biden drags her over by the arm and positions her close to him with both hands on her. Biden hugs her with his right arm after the ceremonial swearing-in, pulling her hip to his crotch. Biden then holds the girl near him for the family photo session and keeps his left arm around her waist during the photos. Biden finishes by leaning over and whispering in her ear.Note: Watch Biden s hand beginning at the 1:32 mark. He actually rotates his hand up to touch the side of the 11-year-old girl s breast.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17650,32-Yr Old ILLEGAL ALIEN Repeatedly Raped and Impregnated 15-Yr Old Stepdaughter As Way To Stay In U.S.,"We assume Donald Trump was talking about illegal aliens like Horacio Alvarado who repeatedly raped his 14-year-old step-daughter and eventually impregnated her in hopes that it would be his ticket to citizenship.Daily Mail -An illegal immigrant in Milwaukee is accused of fathering his teenage stepdaughter s child in a misguided attempt to remain in the US.Horacio Alvarado, 32, allegedly impregnated the girl when she was 15 and then sought a paternity test, believing it would keep him in the country. The girl gave birth to the child back in 2012 but police only uncovered a lengthy history of alleged assaults last month when they started investigating a new sexual assault claim made by the victim.The step-daughter, now aged 22, was being interviewed over the recent sex assault allegation when she told police Alvarado had repeatedly abused her as a teenager, according to a criminal complaint obtained by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.She told authorities Alvarado raped her on average three times a week from when she was 14 until she was 18 years old. The alleged abuse continued even after she gave birth to his child.The woman told police that Alvarado allegedly assaulted her when her mother, Linda Alvarado, was at work or sleeping late at night.She claims her mother once walked into the bedroom while Alvarado was raping her, but she left the bedroom without trying to stop him.The woman told authorities she kept the identity of her baby s father a secret from everyone except her mother, who she told shortly after the child was born.The Milwaukee County Circuit Court established Alvarado as the child s legal father in 2015.The criminal complaint states that Alvarado believed a positive paternity test would grant him permission to remain in the country.The girl s mother, Linda Alvarado, has also been charged with misdemeanor child neglect. She was released on a $500 bond. ",0
17651,LEFTIST MEDIA EXPOSES Democrat Party For Ignoring Rape Allegations Against Bill Clinton and For Giving Hillary A Pass After Threatening His Victims,"Hollywood producer kingpin and mega-Democrat Party donor, Harvey Weinstein s abusive sexual predator behavior has shined a light on all of Hollywood, and in the process has shined an even brighter light on the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party and their media allies. The leftist media is now being forced to discuss how Democrats have turned a blind eye to decades of criminal sexual assaults by Bill Clinton and given a pass to his wife Hillary, who enabled him by threatening his victims to remain silent.Four days ago, the hard-left MSNBC host Chris Hayes made a stunning admission about the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party, and how they are  long overdue for a real reckoning with the allegations against Bill Clinton that have been swept under the carpet, while the victims were shamed.As gross and cynical and hypocrtical as the right's ""what about Bill Clinton"" stuff is, it's also true that Democrats and the center left are overdue for a real reckoning with the allegations against him.  Chris Hayes (@chrislhayes) November 10, 2017Yesterday, The Atlantic came out with a damning article that blames the fake feminism movement on the left, as well as the Democrat Party, who has allowed a double standard to exist when it comes to blindly protecting and defending the Clinton s against any, and all sexual misconduct allegations.Yet let us not forget the sex crimes of which the younger, stronger Bill Clinton was very credibly accused in the 1990s. Juanita Broaddrick reported that when she was a volunteer on one of his gubernatorial campaigns, she had arranged to meet him in a hotel coffee shop. At the last minute, he had changed the location to her room in the hotel, where she says he very violently raped her. She said that she fought against Clinton throughout a rape that left her bloodied. At a different Arkansas hotel, he caught sight of a minor state employee named Paula Jones, and, Jones said, he sent a couple of state troopers to invite her to his suite, where he exposed his penis to her and told her to kiss it. Kathleen Willey said that she met him in the Oval Office for personal and professional advice and that he groped her, rubbed his erect penis on her, and pushed her hand to his crotch.It was a pattern of behavior; it included an alleged violent assault; the women involved had far more credible evidence than many of the most notorious accusations that have come to light in the past five weeks. But Clinton was not left to the swift and pitiless justice that today s accused men have experienced. Rather, he was rescued by a surprising force: machine feminism. The movement had by then ossified into a partisan operation, and it was willing eager to let this friend of the sisterhood enjoy a little droit de seigneur.The Atlantic went on to point out an op-ed by the so-called  Champion of women s rights  Gloria Steinem, where she slut-shamed and bashed the women who dared to come forward and accuse Bill Clinton of rape and other forms of criminal sexual assault.The notorious 1998 New York Times op-ed by Gloria Steinem must surely stand as one of the most regretted public actions of her life. It slut-shamed, victim-blamed, and age-shamed; it urged compassion for and gratitude to the man the women accused.Called  Feminists and the Clinton Question,  it was written in March of 1998 when Paula Jones s harassment claim was working its way through court. It was printed seven days after Kathleen Willey s blockbuster 60 Minutes interview with Ed Bradley. If all the various allegations were true, wrote Steinem, Bill Clinton was  a candidate for sex addiction therapy.  To her mind, the most  credible  accusations were those of Willey, who she noted was  old enough to be Monica Lewinsky s mother.  And then she wrote the fatal sentences that invalidated the new understanding of workplace sexual harassment as a moral and legal wrong:  Even if the allegations are true, the President is not guilty of sexual harassment. He is accused of having made a gross, dumb, and reckless pass at a supporter during a low point in her life. She pushed him away, she said, and it never happened again. In other words, President Clinton took  no  for an answer. Steinem said the same was true of Paula Jones. These were not crimes; they were  passes.  Broaddrick was left out by Steinem, who revealed herself as a combination John and Bobby Kennedy of the feminist movement: the fair-haired girl and the bare-knuckle fixer. The widespread liberal response to the sex-crime accusations against Bill Clinton found their natural consequence 20 years later in the behavior of Harvey Weinstein: Stay loudly and publicly and extravagantly on the side of signal leftist causes and you can do what you want in the privacy of your offices and hotel rooms. But the mood of the country has changed. We are in a time when old monuments are coming down and men are losing their careers over things they did to women a long time ago.When more than a dozen women stepped forward and accused Leon Wieseltier of a serial and decades-long pattern of workplace sexual harassment, he said,  I will not waste this reckoning.  It was textbook Wieseltier: the insincere promise and the perfectly chosen word. The Democratic Party needs to make its own reckoning of the way it protected Bill Clinton. The party needs to come to terms with the fact that it was so enraptured by their brilliant, Big Dog president and his stunning string of progressive accomplishments that it abandoned some of its central principles. The party was on the wrong side of history, and there are consequences for that. Yet expedience is not the only reason to make this public accounting. If it is possible for politics and moral behavior to coexist, then this grave wrong needs to be acknowledged. If Weinstein and Mark Halperin and Louis C. K. and all the rest can be held accountable, so can our former president and so can his party, which so many Americans so desperately need to rise again.Watch Gloria Steinem several years after writing the op-ed where she shamed Bill s victims, helping to celebrate Hillary s birthday while honoring the woman who threatened the women bravely stepped forward to expose her sexually abusive husband Bill Clinton.Grant J. Kidney s video that he posted to Twitter, really shows the slow, but necessary admission by the leftist media, that they too, bear responsibility for shaming Bill Clinton s victims, simply because believing them, or giving them any kind of credibility, would ve harmed the  Democrat Party they are beholden to. Fake News CNN admits that Bill Clinton is a rapist. Attorney General Jeff Sessions must launch an immediate criminal probe into the dirty dealings of the Clinton Foundation as well as into the sexually perverted past of former President Bill Clinton.   pic.twitter.com/oVUHn1LPej  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) November 14, 2017Who can forget how the media attacked Donald Trump for bringing up the allegations of sexual abuse by Bill Clinton s abusers during his debate with Hillary? Will the media apologize to President Trump, now that they ve come to the conclusion they are as guilty as the Democrat Party for hiding decades of sexual abuse, and then criticizing Trump for defending Bill and Hillary s victims?For anyone who is wondering if Gloria Steinem has had a change of heart, after having a significant time to reflect on her defense of the Clinton Crime family and slut-shaming Bill s innocent victims, you don t need to wonder anymore. On October 20, 2017, Gloria Steinem announced that she will be warding that Hillary Clinton would be the first recipient of her  Wonder Woman Award. The Women s Media Center, co-founded by feminist Gloria Steinem, told us that it is giving the latest Democratic presidential candidate its first  Wonder Woman Award  for her  extraordinary accomplishments  and public service. Like Wonder Woman, she seems to have superhuman strength, resilience, and courage,  said the group in a reference to the famous comic and TV character. Hillary Clinton s actions have inspired and protected women and men on every continent,  said Steinem.  She has battled negative forces and helped to maintain a fragile peace with her negotiating skill on behalf of this country and peace-seekers everywhere. She has handled all this with grace, grit, determination, integrity, humor and fortitude while remaining a steadfast feminist, advocate, activist, sister and tireless leader in the revolution. With this award, the Women s Media Center declares Hillary Clinton our Wonder Woman.   The Washington Examiner ",0
17652,JUST IN: California School Shooting Leaves Several Dead…Many Wounded [Video],"Three are known dead and many wounded when a shooting started at a home but moved to a school. Many have been wounded BREAKING: At least 3 dead in shooting in Tehama Co. it started at a home and moved to the school. Shooter shot and killed by police. pic.twitter.com/xIKvyIxq4y  Sara Stinson (@SaraStinsonNews) November 14, 2017HOW THIS STARTED: Brian Flint spoke with Action News Now and said that his truck was stolen and his roommate was shot and killed by the gunman.  He s dead. He didn t make it,  Flint said.  For his family and everything, I feel bad, and we ll be there for them. MENTALLY ILL BUT IGNORED? The roommates lived near the gunman, and Flint said that their neighbor had been shooting a lot of rounds recently. The crazy thing is that the neighbor has been shooting a lot of bullets lately, hundreds of rounds, large magazines,  Flint said.  We made it aware that this guy has been crazy, and he s been threatening us and everything. I just feel like there maybe should have been more effort put into stopping things like this. THREE KILLED   MANY WOUNDED:Three people were killed in a shooting Tuesday morning that started at a home and moved to an elementary school in Tehama County, and the shooter was also killed by law enforcement, the sheriff s department said.Multiple shots were fired about 8 a.m. at Rancho Tehama School on the outskirts of Corning, northwest of Chico, Assistant Sheriff Phil Johnston said. Three people were taken by ambulance and a fourth was airlifted to Enloe Medical Center in Chico, hospital officials said. Three of them were children and one was an adult, KCRA s affiliate Action News Now reported.The conditions of the victims have not been released. I know that we have (airlifted) a number of students,  Johnston said.  I know that the school s been cleared. I know that we have children that were attending school in a safe location at this time. More than 100 law enforcement officers are investigating at least five scenes in and around the school, Johnston said.Read more: kcra",0
17653,LOL! HOLLYWOOD Announces Name Of New Awards Show To Replace The Oscars…And It’s HILARIOUS!,"Since most of the actors and producers in Hollywood will either be in treatment, or out of a job, for sexually harassing, or abusing women, men and children in the industry, the Academy Awards show will be taking on a new theme this year.Now that the culture of rot in Hollywood has been exposed, there will be a new awards ceremony to replace the once prestigious Academy Awards show.  The new show will be called the  Biggest Groper Awards , and it will honor the creeps in Hollywood, who for decades sexually abused anyone in their paths while fawning over the politics of the most well-known sexual predator to ever roam the halls of the White House. The award will also pay homage to all of the celebrities who recently supported Hillary s campaign for President, the woman who gave Bill Clinton the green light to sexually assault multiple women, while she threatened to harm any of the women who dared to come forward.*Harvey Weinstein-Hollywood kingpin ProducerLouis CK- Comedian/Filmmaker Ben Affleck-Actor George W. Bush Sr-Former President Kevin Spacey   Actor James Toback   Hollywood Screenwriter Chris Savino   Creator of Nickelodeon s  The Loud House  Roy Price   Head of Amazon Studios John Besh   Celebrity Chef Mark Halperin   ABC News Journalist Micheal Oreskes   Top Editor at NPR (National Public Radio) Lockhart Steele   Editorial Director at Vox Media Adam Venit   Head Agent of motion picture group WME Steven Seagal   Actor Charlie Sheen   Actor Jeremy Piven    Entourage  Actor Ed Westwick    Gossip Girl  Actor Dustin Hoffman   Oscar-winning Actor Matthew Weiner   Creator of AMC s  Mad Men  Andy Dick   Former  NewsRadio  star/Actor Brett Ratnor    Rush Hour  Producer/Director David Blaine   Magician David Guillod    Atomic Blonde  Producer Robert Knepper    Transporter 3  Actor John Singleton   Oscar-nominated DirectorUnhonorable-mention to Harvey Weinstein s brother, Bob Weinstein, who is under investigation for sexually harassing Spike TV  The Mist  showrunner Amanda Segel.  The Source*We hate to have to do this, but this article is satire. There will not be a  Groper Award  given to the most disgusting sexual predator in Hollywood, created in the likeness of the accused rapist, and serial sexual predator, former President Bill Clinton.",0
17654,WOW! JEB BUSH Claims Roy Moore Should “Step Aside” On Same Day SIXTH Woman Accuses George HW Bush Of Sexual Assault: Groped Her When She “Was A Child”,"Monday on CNBC, former Gov. Jeb Bush (R-FL) said due to the sexual misconduct accusations leveled against former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, he should step aside in his campaign for the U.S. Senate.Bush said,  This is not a question of innocence or guilt like in a criminal proceeding, this is a question of what s right and what s wrong. Acknowledging that you re dating teenagers when you re 32-years old as assistant state attorney is wrong. It s just plain wrong.   Breitbart NewsWatch:Texas woman Roslyn Corrigan claims that former President George H.W. Bush groped her when she was just 16 years old.According to Corrigan, the groping occurred in November of 2003 at an event in The Woodlands, Texas. This is the sixth woman to publicly accuse the 41st president of grabbing her butt without consent.Speaking to Time magazine, Corrigan, who is now in her early 30s, said,  My initial action was absolute horror. I was really, really confused. The first thing I did was look at my mom and, while he was still standing there, I didn t say anything,  she said.  What does a teenager say to the ex-president of the United States? Like,  Hey dude, you shouldn t have touched me like that? Like the other five incidents, Corrigan claims it happened when she was posing with Bush for a photograph. Bush was then 79 years old. As soon as the picture was being snapped on the one-two-three he dropped his hands from my waist down to my buttocks and gave it a nice, ripe squeeze, which would account for the fact that in the photograph my mouth is hanging wide open,  Corrigan told Time.  I was like,  Oh my goodness, what just happened?    Breitbart ",0
17655,JUDGE ROY MOORE BLASTS Latest Accuser’s Press Conference With Same Liberal Lawyer Who Tried To Take Down Trump: “I Don’t Even Know The Woman”,"Even though the media and the their allies in the Democrat Party are maniacly focused on doing whatever it takes to bring down the popular Alabama GOP Senate candidate, only one month before the election, Judge Roy Moore still has a sizable lead in the most recent polls.Accusations from four decades ago, by women that range from a woman who worked for Hillary and promotes Democrat candidate for Senate, Doug Ross on Facebook, to a woman who has a history of accusing several pastors of sexual misconduct are suddenly coming out of the woodwork.One of Moore s accusers, Leigh Corfman apparently has a history of claiming pastors made sexual advances on her.Purportedly Moore s main accuser Leigh Corfman has had three divorces, filed for bankruptcy three times, and has been charged with multiple misdemeanors.Posts on Moore's FB page indicate that Corfman, has claimed several pastors at various churches made sexual advances at her.  James Hirsen (@thejimjams) November 10, 2017Another one of Moore s accusers Debbie Wesson Gibson wasn t clever enough to delete postings from her Facebook page that show she s a Hillary supporter, she hates President Trump and oh yeah, she asks her friends (more than once) to vote for Moore s Democrat opponent, Doug Ross.Today, leftist media whore, Gloria Allred marched another accuser, Beverly Young Nelson, out in front of the cameras with a four decades old story about how she was sexually assaulted by Roy Moore. This time, however, Roy Moore, and his wife Kayla are not just sitting back and watching his reputation be destroyed by the liberal machine. Watch, as Moore and his wife come out swinging, at the lies being told by the latest accuser. Roy Moore tells the crowd of his supporters and the media,  I don t even know the woman. I don t even know where the restaurant was or is. :Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore and his wife, Kayla Moore, react to new sexual misconduct allegations brought against him by an Alabama woman, Beverly Young Nelson, who claims Moore assaulted her when she was 16 years old pic.twitter.com/FSJlntUant  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) November 14, 2017Moore s wife Kayla, who is planning to sue the Washington Post, reminded her friends on Facebook that the media whore lawyer Gloria Allred tried the same stunt with Donald Trump only months before the election:Gloria Allred is currently under two separate bar investigations for alleged misconduct:Anti-Trump Celebrity lawyer Gloria Allred is under two bar investigations https://t.co/OzbyYWaHLD via @MailOnline  Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) November 13, 2017Yesterday, this letter was published by dozens of pastors, who came to the defense of Judge Roy Moore:Pastor s LetterDear friends and fellow Alabamians, For decades, Roy Moore has been an immovable rock in the culture wars   a bold defender of the  little guy,  a just judge to those who came before his court, a warrior for the unborn child, defender of the sanctity of marriage, and a champion for religious liberty. Judge Moore has stood in the gap for us, taken the brunt of the attack, and has done so with a rare, unconquerable resolve. As a consequence of his unwavering faith in God and his immovable convictions for Biblical principles, he was ousted as Chief Justice in 2003. As a result, he continued his life pursuit by starting the Foundation for Moral Law, which litigates religious liberty cases around our Nation. After being re-elected again to Chief Justice in 2012, by an overwhelming majority, he took another round of persecution for our faith as he stood up for the sanctity of marriage between one man and one woman. You can know a man by his enemies, and he s made plenty   from the radical organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center and the ACLU to the liberal media and a handful of establishment politicians from Washington. He has friends too, a lot of them. They live all across this great State, work hard all week, and fill our pews on Sunday. They know him as a father, a grandfather, a man who loves God s Word and knows much of it by heart, a man who cares for the people, a man who understands our Constitution in the tradition of our Founding Fathers, and a man who deeply loves America. It s no wonder the Washington establishment has declared all-out war on his campaign. We are ready to join the fight and send a bold message to Washington: dishonesty, fear of man, and immorality are an affront to our convictions and our Savior and we won t put up with it any longer. We urge you to join us at the polls to cast your vote for Roy Moore. In your service, Dr. Tom Ford, III, Pastor, Grace Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Stan Cooke, Kimberly Church of God, Kimberly, Alabama Pastor Jonathan Rodgers, Dothan, Alabama Pastor Joseph Smith, Pine Air Baptist Church, Grand Bay Alabama Dr. David E. Gonnella, Pastor, Theodore, Alabama Pastor Mike Allison, Madison, Alabama Dr. Terry Batton, Christian Renewal and Development Ministries, Eufaula, Alabama Pastors Tim and Elizabeth Hanson, Smiths Station, Alabama Pastor Mark Liddle, Dominion Baptist Church, Birmingham, Alabama Pastor Steve Sanders, Victory Baptist Church, Millbrook, Alabama Dr. Richard Fox, retired Baptist pastor Dr. Randy Cooper, Pastor, Warrior, Alabama William Green, Minister, Fresh Anointing House of Worship, Montgomery, Alabama Maurice McCaney, Victory Christian Fellowship Church, Florence, Alabama Pastor Jamie Holcomb, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Paul Elliott, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Rodney Gilmore, Covenant Christian, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Mark Gidley, Faith Worship Center, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Bill Snow, Edgewood Church, Anniston, Alabama Pastor Michael Yates, Webster s Chapel, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Mark Holden, Webster s Chapel, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Joshua Copeland, Pleasant Ridge Baptist Church, Anniston, Alabama Pastor Bruce Jenkins, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Keith Bond, Young s Chapel, Piedmont, Alabama Pastor Jim Lester, Fannin Road Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Thad Endicott, Heritage Baptist Church, Opelika, Alabama Bishop Fred and Tijuanna Adetunji, Fresh Anointing House of Worship, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor David Floyd, Marvyn Parkway Baptist Church, Opelika, Alabama Pastor Bruce Word, Freedom Church, Gadsden, Alabama Pastor Paul Hubbard, Lakeview Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Rev. Carl Head, Lakeview Baptist Church, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor Duwayne Bridges, Jr., Fairfax First Christian Church, Valley, Alabama Rev. Edwin Roberts, Adams Street Church of Christ, Enterprise, Alabama Pastor John McCrummen, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Rev. Mickey Counts, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Rev. Alex Pagen, Open Door Baptist Church, Enterprise, Alabama Pastor Glenn Brock, Eufaula, Alabama Rev. Tim Head, Montgomery, Alabama Pastor/Elder Ted Phillips, Christ Church, Odenville, Alabama Tim Yarbrough, Elder, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Pastor Myron Mooney, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Jerry Frank, Elder, Trinity Free Presbyterian, Trinity, Alabama Pastor Jim Nelson, Church of the Living God, Moulton, Alabama Pastor Earl Wise, Millbrook, Alabama Rick and Beverly Simpson, Summit Holiness Church, Alabama Pastor Lane Simmons and Margie Dale Simmons, First Assembly of God, Greenville Alabama Rev. Charles Morris, Pastor Grace Way Fellowship, Evergreen Alabama Dr. George Grant, Pastor, Parish Presbyterian Church Pastor David Whitney, Cornerstone Church Dr. Peter and Roseann Waldron, St. Francis Anglican Church Pastor Franklin and Mrs. Pamela Raddish, Capitol Hill Independent Baptist Ministries Dr. Michael Peroutka, Institute on the Constitution Reverend Bill Owens, Coalition of African American Pastors **Church names are listed for identification purposes onlyAfter the dust settles around what appears to be a coordinated assault by the left to destroy a man who they fear will take Jeff Sessions Senate seat in December, the voters in Alabama will have to decide who they believe.  ",0
17656,"LOL! KEURIG CEO APOLOGIZES After Customers Boycott and SMASH Coffee Makers…Unfortunately, The Apology Isn’t For Keurig Customers","When Keurig decided to side with Soros against Sean Hannity and Roy Moore s right to defend himself against serious, and shady sex allegations, they released a genie that they re not going to be able to put back in the bottle Three days ago, a Twitter user by the name of Angelo Carusone tried to shame Keurig for adverising on the Sean Hannity Show after Sean interviewed the Repbulican Alabama Senate candidate, Roy Moore, allowing him to tell his side of the story, after 4 women came forward 4 decades later to announce that he sexually abused them when they were teens. The stories of at least 2 of his accusers have been unraveling after non-mainstream media uncovered that one of the anti-Trump accusers worked for Hillary and openly promoted Moore s Democrat opponent on her Facebook page. The mother of another accuser is challenging the truth behind the Washington Post s hit story as well.Curiously, the person who sent the tweet that Keurig responded to is none other than Angelo Carusone, the president of GEORGE SOROS  Media Matters of America. Here is Carusone s  tweet to Keurig.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Hannity followers were quick to defend the Fox News host, while calling for a boycott against Keurig:Throwing my Keurig unit and all the coffee in the trash was the first thing I did today after getting back to London where I base. @seanhannity made it very clear he was NOT defending Moore and his exclusive interview was not to clear him BUT to interrogate him thoroughly.  Jenifer Stevens (@JeniferStevens) November 12, 2017Twitter users like Kaya, slammed Keurig for thir decision to pull their advertising from the Sean Hannity show:Well good luck with the people. We don t support companies who play politics @Keurig Should have stayed neutral! @seanhannity has an army behind him. You ll see that this holiday season #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/Z0dcxupyTo  KAYA (@KayaJones) November 12, 2017Even actor James Woods got into the game of helping to boycott Keurig on social media with this hilarious tweet:You re going to be so unhappy you made this decision. #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/VFHm4VVZuZ  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 13, 2017Watch:Join me & @AngeloJohnGage in the #KeurigSmashChallenge & learn how to crush your drives as a bonus.#BoycottKeurig#IStandWithHannity#BuyBlackRifleCoffee#MAGA pic.twitter.com/WH3unkpADI  Snoop Bailey (@vol80) November 12, 2017Another conservative Twitter user, Colin Rugg posted a video of a Keurig Green Mountain coffee maker being dropped over the railing from the second story of a apratment building. The tweet was accompanied by a message asking Twitter users to retweet the video to  offend a liberal . Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building. Please retweet to offend a liberal. Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building.Please retweet to offend a Liberal.#BoycottKeurigpic.twitter.com/0qbHlmyqcA  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) November 12, 2017This video is hiarious, but comes with a ***Language Warning***. Black Rifle coffee company is a company dedicated to selling coffee that s produced and sold by American veterans.  Fresh roasted freedom . To order Black Rifle coffee, go HERE :#BoycottKeurig Make Coffee Great Again! #StandWithVets BUY #BlackRifleCoffee Stay woke with patriotism, guns and a double shot of humor. #SundayFunday #StandWithHannitypic.twitter.com/2hTpojmF35   gh -or- c  (@NiaMAGA3X) November 12, 2017Keurig CEO Bob Gamgort apologized to his employees on Monday for ostensibly  taking sides  in a Media Matters-led boycott of Sean Hannity s advertisers.Media Matters president Angelo Carusone spent his weekend tweeting at Hannity s advertisers and falsely accusing the Fox News host of defending sexual predators. Hannity has said repeatedly that Senate candidate Roy Moore has no place in politics if the allegations that he is a predator are true.In a memo leaked to Erik Wemple of The Washington Post, Keurig s Gamgort apologized to his employees for the way the situation was handled. The decision to publicly communicate our programming decision via our Twitter account was highly unusual,  Gamgort wrote.  This gave the appearance of  taking sides  in an emotionally charged debate that escalated on Twitter and beyond over the weekend, which was not our intent. Gamgort assured the employees that it was outside of protocol for Keurig to announce the ad pulls on Twitter and would make sure  this never happens again. I apologize for any negativity you experienced as a result of this situation and assure you that we will learn and improve going forward,  he stated.  Daily Caller ",0
17657,SOMALI IMMIGRANT Charged With Multiple Stabbings At Mall of America Has Interesting Meaning Behind His Islamic Name,"Minnesota is home to the largest number of Somali immigrants in America.  Census numbers put the state s Somali s population at about 40,000, but community activists have said it s higher. The largest share of that group has settled in the Minneapolis area, including one neighborhood near the University of Minnesota campus that s been dubbed  Little Mogadishu.  But significant numbers have also settled in St. Cloud, Willmar and other smaller cities.Being home to the largest number of Somali immigrants in America doesn t come without a price WND   For the second time in just over a year, a Somali  refugee  has stabbed shoppers with a knife at a Minnesota mall.The first case, on Sept. 17, 2016, was a clear act of jihad when Dahir Adan injured 10 people in the Macy s at the Crossroads Center Mall in St. Cloud after asking his victims, chosen at random, if they were Muslim.But on Sunday night a man identified as Mahad Abdiaziz Abdirahman, 20, of Minneapolis stabbed two men at the Mall of America after they tried to stop him from stealing clothes inside the dressing room at Macy s.His middle name, Abdiaziz, means  the slave of Allah the master,  a native Arabic speaker told WND.His first name, Mahad, means  the one who preaches and invites people to Islam. Wow! Talk about the perfect ambassdor for Islam According to the NYP, Abdirahaman sneaked into a men s fitting room at the Minnesota mall and tried to swipe something from a customer s belongings while the man was outside the fitting room modeling clothes for his family. But he caught Abdirahaman in the act, and the would-be thief pulled a knife and stabbed him, authorities said.Hearing the victim s screams, his family rushed to his aid, but Abdirahaman slashed a second person before they could wrest the knife from him.The scuffle and ensuing response by police freaked out nearby shoppers waiting in line for their kids to see Santa.Violence by Somali immigrants against Minneapolis residents is nothing new to people who have watched the Somali population explode in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area.Last year, we reported about a mob of up to 30 young Somali men paraded through one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last week, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.Go HERE for video to see homeowner tell her horrifying story. ",0
17658,AWESOME! Conservative Artist Crashes Anti-Trump Art Show…Shocks Liberal Crowd,"Our favorite conservative street artist Sabo crashed an anti-Trump art exhibition in Los Angeles Saturday night, displaying a work of art of his own to the astonished crowd:VIDEO: SABO HOISTS THE MAGA   JOLLY ROGER AT SHEPARD FAIREY'S ART EVENT ""DAMAGED."" https://t.co/g4QbtnMqWh  unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) November 13, 2017If you re not familiar with Sabo, he is a fearless artist whose edgy artwork gets the point across in a BIG way! The sign below reads: THE DEPLORABLES MAGA 2020Remember the artist, Shepard Fairey, whose optimistic  Hope  poster of Barack Obama went viral in 2008? There s no denying that the Fairey poster raised Obama s cool factor a few notches with the artsy LA crowd and the urban hipsters. We guess you can say that this artist is a little responsible for the  HOPELESS  8 YEAR TERM OF OBAMA SABO CRASHES OBAMA ARTIST S NEW EXHIBITION:Well, he was debuting his new exhibition,  Damaged,  Saturday night in L.A. According to HuffPost, the show is his largest to date and features printmaking, sculpture, painting, mixed media, collage, and more.For a guy who preaches against capitalism, this Obama artist sure is making lots of dough Sabo even called him out on it in a series of tweets below. Fairey is milking his Obama-fame for every last drop he can get from the liberal elitists in Hollywood.Fairey reportedly created his  We the People  series specifically to protest President Trump: The state of our society is damaged,  Fairey stated at a press preview of the exhibition on Friday.  I know it sounds pretty dire, but acknowledging that we need to do better is the first step. Sabo, for one, believes Fairey needs to do better . MINE WAS THE ONLY REAL PUNK ART THERE,  the street artist proclaimed on Twitter Sunday. He added that his MAGA flag was taken down after about 30 minutes.  SABO SAD,  he said.  MAGA   MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!! Sabo also tweeted:  THERE WERE SO MANY D***** BAGS AT THE SHEPARD FAIREY SHOW LAST NIGHT. IF YOU HAD DROPPED A BOMB ON THE SHOW 3/4 OF THE YOUNG D***** BAGS IN LA WOULD HAVE BEEN KILLED. Fairey, a critic of the  underpinnings of the capitalist machine,  admitted to capitalizing off of his art.  I critique capitalism   yes, I am selling prints, but yes I am also giving some away,  he said at a press event Friday.Via: PJMedia ",0
17659,WATCH: SEAN HANNITY FANS Make HILARIOUS Videos Showing How They Destroyed Their Keurig Coffee Makers…Sean Responds With Awesome Award For Best Video #BoycottKeurig,"When Keurig decided to side with Soros against Sean Hannity and Roy Moore s right to defend himself against serious, and shady sex allegations, they released a genie that they re not going to be able to put back in the bottle Three days ago, a Twitter user by the name of Angelo Carusone tried to shame Keurig for adverising on the Sean Hannity Show after Sean interviewed the Repbulican Alabama Senate candidate, Roy Moore, allowing him to tell his side of the story, after 4 women came forward 4 decades later to announce that he sexually abused them when they were teens. The stories of at least 2 of his accusers have been unraveling after non-mainstream media uncovered that one of the anti-Trump accusers worked for Hillary and openly promoted Moore s Democrat opponent on her Facebook page. The mother of another accuser is challenging the truth behind the Washington Post s hit story as well.Curiously, the person who sent the tweet that Keurig responded to is none other than Angelo Carusone, the president of GEORGE SOROS  Media Matters of America. Here is Carusone s tweet to Keurig.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Hannity followers were quick to defend him, while calling for a boycott against Keurig:Throwing my Keurig unit and all the coffee in the trash was the first thing I did today after getting back to London where I base. @seanhannity made it very clear he was NOT defending Moore and his exclusive interview was not to clear him BUT to interrogate him thoroughly.  Jenifer Stevens (@JeniferStevens) November 12, 2017Twitter users like Kaya, slammed Keurig for thir decision to pull their advertising from the Sean Hannity show:Well good luck with the people. We don t support companies who play politics @Keurig Should have stayed neutral! @seanhannity has an army behind him. You ll see that this holiday season #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/Z0dcxupyTo  KAYA (@KayaJones) November 12, 2017Even actor James Woods got into the game of helping to boycott Keurig on social media with this hilarious tweet:You re going to be so unhappy you made this decision. #BoycottKeurig https://t.co/VFHm4VVZuZ  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 13, 2017Watch:Join me & @AngeloJohnGage in the #KeurigSmashChallenge & learn how to crush your drives as a bonus.#BoycottKeurig#IStandWithHannity#BuyBlackRifleCoffee#MAGA pic.twitter.com/WH3unkpADI  Snoop Bailey (@vol80) November 12, 2017Another conservative Twitter user, Colin Rugg posted a video of a Keurig Green Mountain coffee maker being dropped over the railing from the second story of a apratment building. The tweet was accompanied by a message asking Twitter users to retweet the video to  offend a liberal . Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building. Please retweet to offend a liberal. Liberals are offended by this video of a Keurig being thrown off of a building.Please retweet to offend a Liberal.#BoycottKeurigpic.twitter.com/0qbHlmyqcA  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) November 12, 2017This video is hiarious, but comes with a ***Language Warning***. Black Rifle coffee company is a company dedicated to selling coffee that s produced and sold by American veterans.  Fresh roasted freedom . To order Black Rifle coffee, go HERE :#BoycottKeurig Make Coffee Great Again! #StandWithVets BUY #BlackRifleCoffee Stay woke with patriotism, guns and a double shot of humor. #SundayFunday #StandWithHannitypic.twitter.com/2hTpojmF35   gh -or- c  (@NiaMAGA3X) November 12, 2017Here s another great video (Rap song accompanying video has language warning):I pulled an ""Office Space"" with my Keurig  Would be a shame if everyone else joined me in the Keurig Smash Challenge #BoycottKeurig #IStandWithHannity #SundayMorning pic.twitter.com/yEADeRC006  Angelo John Gage (@AngeloJohnGage) November 12, 2017Sean Hannity loved the videos so much, that he s buying 500 Keurig coffed makers for his followers toDeplorable friends, I am buying 500 coffee makers tomorrow to give away!! Details on radio and TV. Hint; best videos!!  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 13, 2017Apparently, Green Mountain Coffee (Keurig) is a top corporate sponsor to Senator Bernie Sanders:Keurig is a top corporate donor to Communist Senator Bernie Sanders pic.twitter.com/nP90rRLC4K  Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) November 13, 2017",0
17660,TWO NEW POLLS Offer BAD NEWS For Democrats….Why Washington Post’s HIT JOB On Roy Moore May Have Backfired,"Last week, the Washington Post reported that after almost 4 decades, 4 women came forward to claim they were sexually abused as teenagers, by Roy Moore, the GOP candidate for senator in Alabama. Nevermind that for 4 decades they were silent about Moore s alleged behavior, and that only 4 weeks before the election, they all decided to confide in the leftist rag who just endorsed Moore s Democrat opponent, Doug Ross for Senate.It was discovered last week that one of the women who accused Roy Moore of sexual misconduct actually worked for Hillary as a  signer  at her campaign, openly trashed President Trump and pushed her friends to support Moore s opponent on her personal Facebook page.Meanwhile, the allegations against Moore continue to unravel, as the mother of Leigh Corfman, who says that Alabama Senatorial Candidate Roy Moore tried to engage in a sexual encounter with her when she was 14, told Breitbart News that the Washington Post worked to convince her daughter to give an interview about the allegations against Moore. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Corfman s mother, Nancy Wells, 71, further stated that her daughter would not have come forward if it weren t for The Post reporter s alleged actions.Earlier on Sunday, Breitbart News reported that Corfman s mother contradicted a key detail of Corfman s story. Speaking by phone to Breitbart News on Saturday, Wells said that her daughter did not have a phone in her bedroom during the period that Moore is reported to have allegedly called Corfman   purportedly on Corfman s bedroom phone   to arrange at least one encounter.The Washington Post cited Corfman as remembering that she provided Moore with her number when she was 14. She said that she spoke to Moore from what she described as the phone in her bedroom.Today, the left got some very bad new about their hit job on Roy Moore it appears that polls show Alabama voters aren t buying it Breitbart News   Two new polls demonstrate that GOP nominee for the U.S. Senate Judge Roy Moore remains unaffected entirely by smears in the Washington Post against him, and his lead before the Post piece on Thursday afternoon remains intact. One of the polls, which were both provided by the pollster to Breitbart News exclusively on Saturday evening, was conducted on Thursday morning before the publication of the Post piece that afternoon. The second one was conducted on Saturday evening. Together, they show Judge Moore s lead over Democrat Doug Jones has been virtually unaffected since the Post story came out.The first survey, which was conducted entirely before noon local time on Thursday, shows Moore leading Jones by 50 percent to 39.2 percent with 10.8 percent undecided. That survey of 1,354 likely voters in the upcoming Dec. 12 special election has a margin of error of 3.5 percent.The second survey, conducted Saturday evening two days after the Post piece hit, roiling Alabama s political scene shows Moore and Jones with about the exact same percentages as before. Moore s position in this second poll is 49.8 percent meaning he only dropped 0.2 percent since the story hit and Jones has only picked up 0.4 percent to reach 39.6 percent total. The second survey, which polled 1,536 likely voters with a margin of error of 3.3 percent, has 10.5 percent as undecided. The polling between Thursday morning and Saturday showed far less movement than I originally expected,  pollster John Wahl told Breitbart News.  The controversy surrounding the Washington Post article seems to have galvanized the support of both candidates, but not changed the actual percentages in a significant manner. The Moore campaign has already weathered a considerable amount of political attacks during this campaign season, and I expect most of his lightest support to have blown off during these attacks. His current support level is holding fairly steady. Another liberal publication, The Hill, reported that Moore was losing in the polls to Jones after the hit piece on Moore was published in the Washington Post.The Hill -Democrat Doug Jones is leading Republican Roy Moore in Alabama s Senate race in the wake of explosive accusations of sexual misconduct against Moore, according to a new poll released Sunday.Forty-six percent of likely voters polled said they would vote for Jones, while 42 percent said they would vote for Moore, according to the Louisiana-based JMC Analytics and Polling.The survey was conducted on Nov. 9 and Nov. 11, after The Washington Post reported that a woman said Moore had initiated a sexual encounter with her in 1979, when she was 14 years old and he was 32.The RealClearPolitics poll has Moore and Jones tied. The poll showing Moore losing to Jones was conducted by JMP, the same polling operation who gave us this hilariously inaccurate poll, only one week before the general election in 2016:We re gonna go out on a limb, and say that this so-called scandal involving Judge Roy Moore is going to backfire spectacularly on the left, and will ultimately only shine a spotlight on the hypocrisy of the Democrat Party, who ignored the sexual misconduct of former President Bill Clinton and his enabling wife, Hillary Clinton for decades. ",0
17661,LET THE BOYCOTTS BEGIN: KEURIG COFFEE and 4 Major Companies Cave To Left…Pull Ads From Sean Hannity Show After He Interviewed GOP Senate Candidate Roy Moore,"Before Keurig, and other major companies commit consumer suicide over their decision to pull their advertising from Sean Hannity s Fox News show, over his interview with Roy Moore, the GOP candidate for U.S. Senate in Alabama, who is being accused of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place between 36-40 years ago, only 4 weeks before the election, they may want to consider the facts that many media outlets have uncovered about Moore s accusers. These advertisers might also want to explain to consumers why they never pulled ads on shows that interviewed Bill Clinton, who s been accused of rape and sexual assault by multiple women. These businesses may also want to explain why they never pulled their advertising from TV shows that interviewed Hillary Clinton, who s been accused by more than one victim of threatening the women who bravely came forward to expose her husband s sexual misconduct. Daily Mail  Keurig, makers of the home coffee brewing system, is being boycotted by angry consumers after the company announced over the weekend that it plans to remove ads on Sean Hanity s Fox News program following his coverage of Alabama senate candidate Roy Moore.Keurig made this bold statement to consumers on Twitter, claiming they worked with their media partner and FOX news to STOP their ad from airing on the Sean Hannity Show.Angelo, thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention. We worked with our media partner and FOX news to stop our ad from airing during the Sean Hannity Show.  Keurig (@Keurig) November 11, 2017Keurig, Realtor.com, 23 and Me, Eloquii and Nature s Bounty all said over the weekend that they would no longer run ads on Hannity s show following his interview with the embattled candidate, prompting a backlash from protesters on social media.After a Twitter user posted busineses that allegedly advertise on Sean Hannity s Fox News show, here s how Nature s Bounty responded:We can confirm that we do not have advertisements running on this program.  Nature's Bounty (@NaturesBounty) November 11, 2017Here s how the gentics company 23 and me responded on Twitter:We ve received inquiries RE: advertising on Hannity. We are not running TV advertising on Hannity. We continue to closely evaluate where we advertise.  23andMe (@23andMe) November 10, 201723 and Me sells saliva collection kits to help consumers trace their genetics.This Thanksgiving, bring your family closer and save with 23andMe s Thanksgiving Family Offer! #mydnastory   https://t.co/6Dg2gA9FU5 pic.twitter.com/UAz94MYLxB  23andMe (@23andMe) November 1, 2017Eloquii is a fashion store for plus size women:Dead over this upcoming @ELOQUII set. Also, red boots were needed. pic.twitter.com/d7dQWAhPUA  Lydia Hudgens (@lydiahudgens) November 2, 2017Excited to announce I m the face of @ELOQUII s new NOIR collection!   Available now on https://t.co/n77glzqSYw  #XOQ pic.twitter.com/PEtSJgqTNx  Tess Holliday   (@Tess_Holliday) November 2, 2017Here is their tweet, assuring their consumers that  Hannity is blocked  form their  advertising list. :Hi there! Hannity is blocked from our advertising list. If we can help with anything else, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at social@eloquii.com.  ELOQUII (@ELOQUII) November 10, 2017Moore is being accused of having pursued inappropriate sexual relationships with younger women while he was a district attorney in Alabama during the 1970s.Moore vehemently denies the allegations, saying that he believes the timing of the accusations are aimed at undermining his candidacy.Moore, who spoke with Hannity about the scandal on his radio show Friday, did admit however that after his return from the military,  I dated a lot of young ladies. Some of the sponsors announced their decision not to run advertisements on Hannity s show via Twitter after the Fox News host asked his audience to give Moore the benefit of the doubt, according to CNBC News. ",0
17662,TRUMP REPORTEDLY Thinking About Replacing Jeff Sessions With Candidate Who Won’t Cower To Pressure From The Swamp,"Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch better start lawyering up President Donald Trump is reportedly thinking about bringing former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani on as his Attorney General, White House sources told Axios on Monday.Axios  Mike Allen wrote that Trump  has recently pondered the idea of nominating Giuliani  for the job currently held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.The news came soon after Trump s latest broadside at the  beleaguered  head of his Justice Department. So why aren t the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillary s crimes & Russia relations?  Trump tweeted on Monday morning.Trump s views on his attorney general have soured in the months since Sessions decided it was best to recuse himself from any investigations involving the Trump campaign, which he was closely associated with. That includes all of the Russia-related investigations, which special counsel Robert Mueller is overseeing.In an interview last week with The New York Times, Trump said he wouldn t have hired Sessions if he knew he d recuse himself from the Russia investigation. So Jeff Sessions takes the job, gets into the job, recuses himself,  Trump said.  I then have   which, frankly, I think is very unfair to the president. How do you take a job and then recuse yourself? If he would have recused himself from the job, I would have said,  Thanks, Jeff, but I can t, you know, I m not going to take you.  It s extremely unfair, and that s a mild word, to the president. So he recuses himself. I then end up with a second man, who s a deputy. When Trump was first selecting his top cabinet officials after winning the November election, Giuliani insisted on being named the secretary of state. He reportedly was not interested in other top posts, including the attorney general. ",0
17663,WATCH: MITT ROMNEY DOESN’T Think Roy Moore Deserves Fair Treatment In Questionable 40-Year-Old Sex Assault Allegations…Has Romney Already Forgotten What Harry Reid’s LIE Did To His Campaign?,"Yesterday, former GOP Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney, came out with one of his most incredible statements to date. After months of silence, Mitt tweeted about the 36-40-year-old sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama s Republican candidate for Senator, Judge Roy Moore.In his tweet, Mitt told Americans that Judge Roy Moore was not entitled to a fair investigation and that Moore should  step aside . Romney tweeted:  Innocent until proven guilty is for criminal convictions, not elections. I believe Leigh Corfman. Her account is too serious to ignore. Moore is unfit for office and should step aside. Innocent until proven guilty is for criminal convictions, not elections. I believe Leigh Corfman. Her account is too serious to ignore. Moore is unfit for office and should step aside.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 10, 2017Mitt has remained mostly dormant since he went off on his anti-Trump rant just before the Presidential election.  The last time we saw Mitt, was when he was in Trump Towers, pandering to President-elect Trump for a job in his administration. It appears that, much like John McCain, the anti-conservative, bitter, former GOP presidential candidate just can t keep his disdain for Republicans, who are unafraid to openly fight for their convictions, to himself. Perhaps Mitt s nasty remarks were intended to help ingratiate himself with liberal voters in Utah, as he allegedly is preparing to run for the retiring Republican Senator Orin Hatch s seat. It s also quite possible that after the United States watched Mitt give up the race after he pummeled Barack Obama in their first presidential debate, that Mitt just doesn t  have the stomach for Republicans who actually fight back when they re being attacked by the left.Is it possible that Mitt has already forgotten the lie that Harry Reid pushed out to the voters only months before the election about Mitt not paying taxes for the past 1w years?On July 12, 2012, Senator Harry Reid stood before his comrades on the Senate floor and told a bald-faced lie about then-candidate Mitt Romney not paying his taxes for the past 12 years. Reid knowingly lied to Congress telling them Mitt Romney s father set the precedent for presidential candidates allowing the American public to view their taxes, but Mitt Romney can t do that because he s paid no taxes for 12 years. His father, George Romney, set the precedent that people running for president would file their tax returns, let everybody look at them. But Mitt Romney can t do that because he s basically paid no taxes in the prior 12 years. Watch:Two years later, Harry Reid was later questioned by CNN s Dana Bash about the lie he told to his fellow Senators. His response could not have been more arrogant or disrespectful to the American voters who based their votes for Barack Obama, based on a lie that Senator Harry Reid told only 4 months before the election.So, tell us again Mitt, how it doesn t matter if a political candidate is guilty of charges levied against him by the left, that their only response must be to  step down  if they re accused of wrongdoing.Yesterday, it was revealed that at least one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers was deeply involved in Democrat politics, is virulently anti-Trump, and has been openly pushing for Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent Doug Ross on her personal Facebook page.It was also revealed that Stephanie McCrummen, one of the co-writers of the Washington Post article that smeared Moore with 4 unproven allegations has a history of  faking  things to benefit herself (read more HERE). More and more details continue to emerge about Roy Moore s alleged  victims .Stay tuned, for those of us who are sick and tired of watching Republicans get kicked around and watching their careers being ruined, this isn t over yet ",0
17664,OOPS! NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS WOMAN Who Accused Roy Moore of Sexual Misconduct Worked For Hillary Campaign…Supported His Democrat Opponent On Facebook,"Infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the Facebook page of one of Judge Roy Moore s accusers, Debbie Gibson, who came out in a Washington Post article to accuse him of sexual misconduct that allegedly took place 36 years ago.Debbie Wesson Gibson says that she was 17 in the spring of 1981 when Moore spoke to her Etowah High School civics class about serving as the assistant district attorney. She says that when he asked her out, she asked her mother what she would say if she wanted to date a 34-year-old man. Gibson says her mother asked her who the man was, and when Gibson said  Roy Moore,  her mother said,  I d say you were the luckiest girl in the world. Among locals in Gadsden, a town of about 47,000 back then, Moore  had this godlike, almost deity status   he was a hometown boy made good,  Gibson says,  West Point and so forth. Gibson says that they dated for two to three months, and that he took her to his house, read her poetry and played his guitar. She says he kissed her once in his bedroom and once by the pool at a local country club. Looking back, I m glad nothing bad happened,  says Gibson, who now lives in Florida.  As a mother of daughters, I realize that our age difference at that time made our dating inappropriate. Debbie Gibson hates Donald Trump, but that s not all, she s pretty fond of Judge Roy Moore s opponent, Doug Ross for US Senate In Alabama as well Here are a few anti-Trump posts that were found on Gibson s Facebook page: One of senatorial candidate Roy Moore s accusers is apparently a fervent Democrat who has worked for the DNC as a sign language interpreter for Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden, a revelation which the Washington Post never included in its original report.The accuser, Debbie Gibson, had also publically supported Moore s opponent Doug Jones before the accusations came to light.Gibson openly bragged about signing for Hillary during a campaign appearance. On a side note, we re not sure who she s signing for. The crowd behind Hillary, that is usually packed with the Democrats hand-picked  diverse  crowd, appears to be pretty thin.Here s a post from Gibson s page proving that she s supporting Judge Roy Moore s Democrat opponent for US Senate:She even posted a video of Moore s opponent, Doug Jones to promote him to her friends on Facebook. The screenshot below shows the post on her page. Interestingly, when attacking Moore ally Steve Bannon for suggesting the Washington Post was politically motivated in its reporting, the newspaper implied that Gibson wasn t  down with Democratic propaganda,  a statement which seemingly conflicts with Gibson s political activism:That s not what the photos say The Washington Post reported: According to campaign reports, none of the women has donated to or worked for Moore s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, or his rivals in the Republican primary But notice the precise wording; it s lawyer-speak. It might very well be true that Gibson didn t donate or work for Doug Jones, but according to her Facebook profile, she did actively campaign for him, which doesn t help her credibility and it should have been reported   yet the Washington Post conveniently left it out.",0
17665,WOW! LIBERAL Fox News Host Geraldo Rivera SLAMS Hypocrisy of Left For Ignoring Sexual Assault Allegations Against Bill Clinton,"Liberal FOX News host, Geraldo Rivera, took to Twitter to express his disgust over the hypocritical left and their selective outrage over sex harassment allegations based on the political party of the accused.Geraldo Rivera asked the left a very good question,  Why are so many who profess to be outraged &amp; repulsed by alleged sexual harassment by @realDonaldTrump unmoved by similar allegations vs. @BillClinton? so offended by alleged conduct in a Moscow hotel room, yet unfazed by admitted conduct in the #OvalOffice ? Why are so many who profess to be outraged & repulsed by alleged sexual harassment by @realDonaldTrump unmoved by similar allegations vs. @BillClinton ?  so offended by alleged conduct in a Moscow hotel room, yet unfazed by admitted conduct in the #OvalOffice ?  Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) November 10, 2017While the media shark-tank surrounded Trump, hoping to prove the ALLEGED sexual harassment charges (Not surprisingly, after Trump won the election, all of the women who accused him of sexual misconduct have gone into hiding)  against him  were real, they refused to even consider the confessions of multiple women against Bill Clinton and his enabling wife during the campaign. The real difference, of course, is that the women accusing Bill Clinton of sexual assault, have been screaming from the rooftops for decades about the sexual abuse they endured by the former governor of Arkansas.Rivera brought up another great point in his tweet as it relates to the fake Trump-Russian dossier story that the left has been apoplectic about since the news broke in the liberal media several months ago. It appears, however, that the left has already forgotten the reason Bill Clinton was impeached after lying to a federal grand jury about having sexual encounters with a 19-year old intern in the Oval Office while serving as our nation s President.Meanwhile, it s also curious how many RINO s in Congress, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have said that without any investigation or opportunity to prove that any of the allegations of sexual misconduct against 3 minors are untrue, that Republican candidate for US Senate, Judge Roy Moore (AL), should step down. Does anyone remember telling Hillary to  step down  because there should never be a geriatric pervert allowed to roam the halls of the White House putting visitors and the staff in potential danger of sexual assault? For that matter, does anyone remember telling Bill Clinton to  step down  when he was accused of sexual assault over and over again while he was running for the office of the President of the United States? The answer is  no , there was no such call for either Clinton to  step down  and give up their political ambitions.This isn t the first time Fox News host Geraldo Rivera, who is a self-described liberal, has spoken out against the hypocrisy of the left. In February 2017, Rivera resigned from a voluntary position at Yale University after the school decided to change the name of a residential college that honors a slavery supporter.Rivera said Sunday on Twitter that he resigned as an associate fellow of Calhoun College. He said the position was an honor  but intolerant insistence on political correctness is lame. ",0
17666,HOLLYWOOD DARLING SANDRA BULLOCK To Play “Abortion Barbie” In New Movie,"Oscar-winning actress Sandra Bullock is set to play Wendy Davis, or more commonly known to conservatives as,  Abortion Barbie . When radical feminist Wendy Davis decided to make her gubenatorial campaign about killing babies, conservatives wasted no time outing her, and her radical agenda for the state of Texas. While attending a fundraiser in Los Angeles during her campaign for governor in the state of Texas, Davis was greeted by life size  Abortion Barbie  posters created by conservative artist  Sabo .The Texas Democratic state senator who became a progressive darling after filibustering an abortion bill in 2013.Davis donned pink running shoes and filibustered for more than 11 hours on June 25, 2013, successfully blocking Senate Bill 5. The bill, among other measures, banned abortion after 20 weeks. WFBDavis got the unflattering nickname during her infamous filibuster. Thanks to conservative writer and Red State editor Erick Erickson, Davis will forever be known as  Abortion Barbie.  The moniker is a bit insulting but apropos given her steadfast defense of abortion on demand.Davis lost the race to the very popular conservative candidate, Republican Governor Greg Abott in a landslide.According to Variety, Sandra Bullock will star in the spec  Let Her Speak  as Texas senator Wendy Davis, whose 11-hour filibuster helped stall an anti-abortion bill in the Texas state house.Todd Black and Jason Blumenthal are on board to produce through their Escape Artists banner. ",0
17667,JUST IN: WaPo Reporter Who Broke News On Judge Roy Moore Story Has A Criminal History Of “Faking”,"Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore is denying that he romantically pursued teenagers as young as 14 while he was in his 30s after a bombshell report. The women accusing Moore told the Washington Post that when they were between the ages of 14 and 18, he romantically pursued them.One woman, Leigh Corfman, told the Post that when she was 14 years old in 1979, a 32-year-old Moore  took off her shirt and pants and removed his clothes. Corfman told the Post that Moore  touched her over her bra and underpants, she says, and guided her hand to touch him over his underwear. The outspoken social conservative said in a statement the four women quoted by the Washington Post are lying. This garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation,  Moore said.Former White House adviser Stephen Bannon helped Moore trounce establishment favorite Luther Strange in a September Republican primary, over President Trump s warning that Moore was less electable.Moore currently is in a close race against Democrat Doug Jones ahead of a Dec. 12 election.   Washington ExaminerStephanie McCrummen, the reporters who co-wrote the Washington Post hit piece on Judge Roy Moore, apparently has a history of  faking  things like fake checks for instance According to the anti-Trump publication, Red State, McCrummen, who works for the Washington Post, (who many consider to be  fake news, after using mulitple  unnamed sources  in an attempt to tie President Trump to the Russians), has a criminal record that involves writing a FAKE check.Ms. McCrummen has a rather interesting criminal history herself, as public criminal records in multiple states stretching across 4 time zones have shown.Ms. McCrummen s criminal history began with North Carolina Case # 1992 CR 00654, a violation of the Article 19   False Pretenses and Cheats section of the North Carolina Criminal Code. Ms. McCrummen was convicted of a crime punishable by up to six months of imprisonment for writing a hot check that was deemed worthless.Ms. McCrummen s other offenses are all traffic related and in 2010, she was tracked down by the courts after she had escaped Arizona s jurisdiction to D.C., and her case was assigned to the Fines/Fees and Restitution Enforcement (FARE) Program established to collect delinquent court ordered restitution, fines, fees, and surcharges . After the FARE team tracked her down at her Washington D.C. apartment, they finally appeared to get her attention and on October 23, 2010 she paid the defaulted fine to the criminal court, almost two months after her conviction. McCrummen has now found herself a four-time loser in the states  criminal courts. She currently resides outside of the jurisdiction of the three states where she committed her crimes.Sean Hannity ripped into the media frenzy over the Judge Moore scandal on his show last night. The left is calling for his head today:.@seanhannity EVERYONE deserves the presumption of innocence before proven guilty. Not to mention these allegations coming out days before an election!#RoyMooreChildMolester pic.twitter.com/SEAC7GP0TU  Shell Covfefe  (@MichelleRMed) November 10, 2017When a reporter has a criminal history that essentially proves she gave false information to pay a debt or for services, shouldn t her character come into question when it comes to making a 40 year old sexual allegation against one of the most hated, Steve Bannon backed conservatives running for office in America, that may help to enhance her career?  ",0
17668,WATCH: ARROGANT Sexual Predator and Sometimes “Comedian” Louis C.K. Tells Stephen Colbert “Donald Trump Is An Insane Bigot and Hitler”,"The not so funny comedian Louis C.K. appeared on the Stephen Colbert show mostly to talk about his decision to send an email to his fans, where he told them that  Donald Trump is an insane bigot and Hitler . After the self-righteous  comedian  got some laughs from Colbert s liberal audience, Colbert asked them to settle down, that Louis C.K. admitted that after he sent the email, he  regretted it.   C.K. went on to say that he didn t really regret it, he just regretted  saying it , or in other words, he regrets that he was outed as a whiny, liberal, crybaby who can t control his emotions (our translation). One of the most interesting lines in the interview came after the Trump bashing where the outed sexual predator tells Colbert,  I wouldn t take it back. If you went back and fixed all the mistakes you made, you erase yourself. You know, there s just no point to that.  Good luck trying to  erase yourself  after you ve been outed creep Here s part of Louis C.K. s email to his fans: Please stop it with voting for Trump. It was funny for a little while. But the guy is Hitler. And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the 30s. Do you think they saw the shit coming? Hitler was just some hilarious and refreshing dude with a weird comb over who would say anything at all.And I m not advocating for Hillary or Bernie. I like them both but frankly I wish the next president was a conservative only because we had Obama for eight years and we need balance. And not because I particularly enjoy the conservative agenda. I just think the government should reflect the people. And we are about 40 percent conservative and 40 percent liberal. When I was growing up and when I was a younger man, liberals and conservatives were friends with differences. They weren t enemies. And it always made sense that everyone gets a president they like for a while and then hates the president for a while. But it only works if the conservatives put up a good candidate. A good smart conservative to face the liberal candidate so they can have a good argument and the country can decide which way to go this time.Trump is not that. He s an insane bigot. He is dangerous.Watch Louis C.K. joke around with Stephen Colbert about his disdain for President Trump, calling him a  Gross crook, dirty, rotten, lying sack of sh*t. The not so funny  comedian  was outed today as a serial sexual predator.NPR reported that Louis C.K. masturbated in front of multiple female colleagues, to their shock and dismay, according to women who spoke on the record to The New York Times about their experiences.The famous comic has been surrounded by rumors of sexual misconduct for years   specifically, allegations that he would masturbate in front of female colleagues.Last year, the comedian Roseanne Barr told The Daily Beast that C.K. was  about to get busted  for his conduct.  It s Louis C.K., locking the door and masturbating in front of women comics and writers. I can t tell you I ve heard so many stories,  she said. Comedian Tig Notaro acknowledged the allegations this summer and said C.K. needed to  handle  them.But previously, those stories were shared secondhand. Now, five women have spoken to the Times directly, with only one requesting anonymity. You can read the full story   which goes into much more detail   over at the New York Times.This Twitter user nailed it when it comes to just how disgusting Louis C.K. really is:Guys like Louis CK could just pay a sex worker. Could even request the sex worker play like she's uncomfortable if they likes. But they don't want that. The pleasure is in the actual discomfort of their victims, the power to overwhelm or make them just take it. It's horrendous.  Rae Sanni (@raesanni) November 9, 2017And here s the icing on the cake Louis C.K. admitting how he loves to masturbate everywhere on Fox News with Greg Gutfeld.This is Louis CK pic.twitter.com/el0FesJIhX  Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) November 9, 2017",0
17669,JUST IN: TRUMP’S LONGTIME Bodyguard Tells Congress What REALLY Happened When Russians Offered To “Send 5 Women To Trump’s Room”,"After a business meeting before the Miss Universe Pageant in 2013, a Russian participant offered to  send five women  to Donald Trump s hotel room in Moscow, his longtime bodyguard told Congress this week, according to three sources who were present for the interview.Two of the sources said the bodyguard, Keith Schiller, viewed the offer as a joke, and immediately responded,  We don t do that type of stuff. The two sources said Schiller s comments came in the context of him adamantly disputing the allegations made in the Trump dossier, written by a former British intelligence operative, which describes Trump having an encounter with prostitutes at the hotel during the pageant. Schiller described his reaction to that story as being,  Oh my God, that s bull -,  two sources said.The conversation with the Russian about the five women took place after a morning meeting about the pageant in Moscow broke up, two sources said.That night, two sources said, Schiller said he discussed the conversation with Trump as Trump was walking back to his hotel room, and Schiller said the two men laughed about it as Trump went to bed alone. Schiller testified that he stood outside Trump s hotel room for a time and then went to bed.One source noted that Schiller testified he eventually left Trump s hotel room door and could not say for sure what happened during the remainder of the night.Two other sources said Schiller testified he was confident nothing happened.Schiller said he and Trump were aware of the risk that hotel rooms in Moscow could be set up to capture hidden video, two sources said.Schiller was grilled about the Moscow trip as part of four hours of testimony before the House Intelligence Committee. The questioning around the Moscow trip took a significant amount of time, the sources said. Schiller was also asked about the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Donald Trump Jr. and Russians, two of the sources said. He testified that he did not recall much about that day. A White House lawyer familiar with the matter said that the White House  and fair-minded people are pleased that Mr. Schiller was able to debunk yet another of the false claims in the fantasy dossier funded by the DNC and the Clinton campaign and prepared during a time its foreign author worked closely with paid Russian operatives. A Navy veteran, Schiller worked part-time as a bodyguard for Trump while still an NYPD officer. He began working for Trump full-time after his retirement from the force in 2002 and became his director of security in 2004. He served as director of oval office operations in the Trump White House from January until September.  NBC News",0
17670,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR LETS IT RIP! Comey’s a ‘Political Hack’…Sessions is in a ‘Coma’ [Video],"James Kallstrom is the former Assistant Director of the FBI who is no fan of former FBI Director James Comey. We ve reported several times on Kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). Check out his awesome take on how Comey  folded Wow!Kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: James Comey, the notion that Barack Obama was going to let Hillary Clinton was going to be indicted that was obvious to anybody who knows anything at the very beginning  Unfortunately, it turns out he was a political hack  I think he maybe started out in an honorable way. His opinion of himself is sky high. Unbelievable guy. Just an arrogance about him  I think he thought he was Superman and found out he wasn t. The dogs are always going to bite you on your heels when you re dealing with the Clintons. Look how long the American people have been dealing with the crime syndicate known as the Clinton Foundation  We got all these major crime things bubbling   All of which are 20 times bigger than Watergate! And nothing seems to be happening  The Attorney General is in a coma! James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerKallstrom endorsed Donald Trump for president He said he feels like America is  going down the tubes . We should listen to this man! He s been in the belly of the FBI beast and knows the truth. ",0
17671,WATCH: Hundreds of ILLEGAL ALIENS Storm Senate Building DEMANDING Citizenship…Where The Heck Is I.C.E.?,"A couple of quick questions come to mind when most law-abiding Americans see illegal aliens storming our government buildings:  Is there anywhere else in the world where hundreds of illegal aliens are storming government buildings that house lawmakers, to demand the same rights afforded to legal citizens? And does I.C.E. have the day off or something? Hundreds of illegal and legal immigrants descended upon the Hart Senate building Thursday afternoon, gathering in mass protest of the Trump administration s decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Act.#DreamActNow #CleanDreamActNOW #undocumented #unafraid Happening now! pic.twitter.com/oPFcZCYrXj  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017The protesters gathered in the Capitol to demand that members of Congress pass legislation for DREAMERers and DACA recipients.Happening Now! UndocuBlack joins hundreds of immigrant youth and we are taking over the Hart Senate building in Washington, DC #DREAMActNow@speakerryan #CleanDreamAct #CleanDreamActNOW pic.twitter.com/lLXPJro17v  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017Protests were not relegated to solely Washington, college students across the U.S. staged organized walkouts and rallies Thursday.Another group, the UndocuBlack Network, joined in on Thursday s Capitol protests. UndocuBlack describes themselves as a  multigenerational Network of Black undocumented people organizing our communities and building power. The UndocBlack Network just tweeted that they are not interested in any deals with Congress. The ILLEGAL ALIEN group tweeted:  We will not trade diversity visas, e-verify, so called chain migration!  Who knew that people living ILLEGALLY in our nation had so much power?BREAKING: @speakerryan and the GOP just Don't get it! We said #cleanDREAMAct #DreamActNow We will not trade diversity visas, e-verify, so called chain migration! https://t.co/vpaLrS07vg pic.twitter.com/t5CiKRBOys  UndocuBlack Network (@UndocuBlack) November 9, 2017House Republicans said Thursday that they are hoping to pass a bill help DACA recipients before the clock runs out on 2017. Roughly a dozen House GOP members think as many as 300 of the chamber s 435 members could get behind such a bill. No bill is going to be perfect, but inaction is just unacceptable. We stand here ready to work with the speaker s working group, with the White House, with our friends from both sides of the aisle to pass a legislative solution this year,  Rep. Dan Newhouse of Washington told reporters Thursday.  Every time that Congress kicks this can down the road, people, real people, are hurt. Via: Daily Caller",0
17672,MEGYN KELLY PRAISES Woman Who Flipped Off Trump: ‘What America’s All About’ [Video],"NBC host Megyn Kelly must be really desperate for guests to have on her new show. She just had on the woman who behaved like a child when she flipped off President Trump s motorcade.  This woman was fired from her job for this and has already gotten way too much attention Her 15 minutes of fame should be up now!The unbelievable part of the interview with Juli Briskman is when Kelly said the saga of flipping off President Donald Trump s motorcade spoke  uniquely to what America s all about Huh? Would Megyn Kelly be saying the same thing if the tables were turned and Obama was flipped off? What s so amazing and American about behaving like a spoiled child? The left has been showing their true colors since Trump won a year ago. It s disturbing when this woman is praised for her lewd and immature behavior. Grow up already! Between this and the extreme bitterness of the Clinton Grifters, it s just loserville at the DNC A photograph of Juli Briskman flipping off Trump s motorcade last month in Virginia as she rode her bicycle went viral, particularly among people frustrated with Trump s administration. However, after she posted it to her social media accounts, she was forced to resign from her job at Akima LLC.IT FELT  GREAT ?Briskman recounted why she decided to flip off Trump to Kelly, saying it felt  great FREE TO BE A JERK To me, it speaks uniquely to what America s all about. You can do that,  Kelly said.  That s the beauty of a free society. Whether you love President Trump or hate him, you are allowed to tell the president how you feel about him, whether it s President Obama or President Trump. That s one of our core ideals. HER 15 MINUTES OF FAME:This woman is definitely getting her 15 minutes of fame. She appeared on  MSNBC on Wednesday to discuss why she gave Trump the finger, calling it a  spur-of-the-moment decision. Lots of things were going through my mind about how disappointed I am with this administration,  she said.  I didn t really have any other way to express my opinion to Mr. Trump, and so the finger was what I had at the time. READ MORE: WFB ",0
17673,MICHIGAN Senate Approves Bill To Allow Concealed Carry In “Gun Free Zones” Or “Mass Murderer Empowerment Zones”,"Should legal gun owners be allowed to freely carry anywhere in their state, including dorm rooms and school campuses?In the wake of mass shootings in Las Vegas and Texas that left dozens of people dead or injured, a Michigan Senate committee approved bills Tuesday that will allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons in gun-free zones such as schools, churches, day care centers, bars, dorms, and stadiums.The shooting at a Baptist church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, on Sunday, which left 26 people dead and 20 more injured, makes state Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof, a Republican from West Olive, Mich., more certain that now is the time to take up the gun legislation. Some have said it s insensitive to bring up these issues now, but I feel quite the opposite,  he told a standing-room-only crowd in the Senate Government Operations Committee.  The recent events will allow us to look at how we can deter those who want to do harm. And responsible, well-trained, licensed concealed-pistol holders can be one of those deterrents. The bills taken up in the Senate Government Operations Committee passed on a party-line vote with Republicans supporting the three-bill package and Democrats opposing it. The bills also would close the open-carry loophole, effectively barring gun owners from openly carrying their weapons in gun-free zones.He gained support from gun rights groups, including the National Rifle Association and the Michigan Coalition for Responsible Gun Owners. The idea of having the ability to arm a well-qualified, well-trained individual is tantamount to setting out a scenario where we no longer set up a sheep for the wolf,  said Robert Rudowski of the gun owners group.Gun-free zones should be called  mass murderer empowerment zones,  said Steve Dulan, spokesman for the gun owners group.Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, a Republican, vetoed similar legislation in 2012, just four days after a horrific shooting in Newtown, Conn., when a heavily armed man muscled his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 20 first-graders and six adults.Snyder said that bill had a fatal loophole that didn t allow for those institutions to opt out of the new legislation and prohibit weapons from their buildings. His spokeswoman, Anna Heaton, said Tuesday that Snyder hasn t seen the latest version of the concealed- carry bills and hadn t taken a position on them.Meekhof said he has talked with Snyder about the new legislation and that he s  not necessarily  on board with it.  USA Today Never-Trumper  Governor Rick Snyder (R), who some Republicans believe leans to the left on more than one important issue, like vetoing legislation that would require MI voters to have a valid ID in order to vote, is currently facing some serious allegations related to the Flint water crisis.WXYZ   Harvey Hollins, the man Gov. Snyder appointed to handle the Flint Water Crisis, recently testified that he told the governor about increasing lead in Flint water months before Snyder told Congress he learned about it.The testimony came during the preliminary hearing for Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyons, who is facing involuntary manslaughter and misconduct in office charges for his alleged role in the water crisis.Hollins testified that he told Snyder in July 2015 and August 2015 that there were concerns about increased lead levels in Flint s water.During congressional testimony in March 2016, Snyder testified that he didn t even learn about the dangerous levels of lead in Flint s water system until October 2015. I told the governor that we re hearing a lot more folks complaining about lead, copper, and TTHM (total trihalomethanes),  Hollins testified.We d love to hear what you think about legal gun owners being able to carry anywhere in their state? ",0
17674,CLASSLESS CLINTONS Spew Coordinated Lies Against Trump On Late Night Shows: Imply Trump is a Dictator [Video],"Bill Clinton went on the Conan show and spewed bitterness towards President Trump At one point, he insinuated that Trump is a  member of the dictator s Club . He and Conan are both guilty of slamming our president while he s overseas trying to deal with the North Koreans and Chinese. The left will never stop with their bashing of Trump on a very personal level. It s not about policy but about name calling and nasty political games. Can you imagine if Obama had been treated even remotely like this? At one point in the interview Clinton says he thinks Trump is  winging it What a jack wagon! This is a coordinated effort between the former president and his grifter wife to bash Trump. See the video below where Hillary claims she s worried about Trump s government Sure she is  Did you catch the propaganda Clinton spewed about how America needs to import more  immigrants ? This globalist is a traitor to Americans who are jobless. Do we really need to import more needy people? No! Bill and Hillary Clinton both went on late night shows to spew hate for President Trump. No class! These two grifters have been fleecing the American people for over 25 years! Can they just go away already? HILLARY SAYS SHE S WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP S GOVERNMENT: This was obviously a coordinated effort to bash Trump as inept. Shame on her!Did you notice the arrogance with both of these grifters? It s sickening!",0
17675,NEW POLL Asks Trump Voters If They’d Vote For Him Again…Liberal Heads Will Explode When They See The Results,"One year later, and Donald Trump s supporters couldn t be happier with their choice for President. Prepare for liberal heads to explode in 5 4 3 2 1According to a POLITICO/Morning Consult poll conducted on the eve of the first anniversary of Trump s historic election, 82 percent of those who say they supported Trump last year would vote for him again if they had to do it over. That s slightly more than those who say they would vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton again   78 percent   if they had the chance.Only 7 percent of Trump voters and 8 percent of Clinton voters say they would vote for a different candidate if they could complete their 2016 ballot again.Trump s supporters have largely rallied around the president, despite his poor overall approval ratings, the chaos of his first year in office and the ongoing investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.But there are worrying signs for Trump that voters are less inclined to give him a second term three years from now if he decides to run for reelection.Those red flags go beyond the natural, downward trajectory of most new presidents. Like Trump, Barack Obama and George W. Bush saw their parties lose governorships in both New Jersey and Virginia the year after their first elections as president. But both Obama and Bush had job-approval ratings over 50 percent at this point.While most Trump voters would back him in a 2016 do-over, some defect when asked whether they will vote for Trump or a generic, unnamed Democrat in 2020. About three-quarters of Trump voters, 76 percent, back Trump in the 2020 matchup, while 8 percent would support the Democrat.  Politico",0
17676,WILL WHAT THIS NFL OWNER Just Threatened To Do Put An End To Anthem Protests?…Is It Too Late?,"Cowboys owner Jerry Jones just threatened to sue the NFL if Commissioner Goodell s contract extension is approved. Is this too little, too late? With many advertisers threatening to drop the NFL, this is a double whammy for Goodell who has shown nothing but weakness during the protest against our national anthem.Jerry Jones threatens to sue NFL if Roger Goodell doesn t take action on national anthem protests pic.twitter.com/f0nb9X82RM  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 9, 2017Don t forget Jones was kneeling with the players just a month ago. He saw the light when this began to hit him in the wallet. Americans aren t buying the tickets and not watching the NFL so Jones is back on the pro-anthem train.Jones knelt alongside his players on September 26 in a show of unity before they all stood for the anthem. The following week he said any of his players who  disrespect  the flag won t be allowed to play.A photo from last weekend s game tells it all This should make Americans furious with these players who stood behind our military with fists up Shame on them!",0
17677,LOL! DONALD TRUMP JR. Has HILARIOUS Response To Dinesh D’Souza’s Tweet About Donna Brazile Fearing For Her Life For Crossing Hillary,"In her new book  Hacks , Donna Brazile expressed concern for her safety after DNC staffer s mysterious murder:I felt some responsibility for Seth Rich s death. I didn t bring him into the DNC, but I helped keep him there working on voting rights. With all I knew now about the Russians  hacking, I could not help but wonder if they had played some part in his unsolved murder.But Brazile says she had a  spook,  with connections to the intelligence community, who told her after the killing that she needed protection for herself, including cameras, alarms and backup power at her house, and that she heeded his advice.Brazile was so concerned with Rich s death that she used her brief, only phone call from Hillary Clinton after the election loss to bring him up. She asked Clinton to use some of the millions of dollars the campaign had in order to set up a reward fund to find his murderer. But Hillary said she  really had to go. I knew the campaign had over $3 million set aside in a legal fund. Could she help me get this lawsuit started? And don t forget the murder of Seth Rich, I told her. Did she want to contribute to Seth s reward fund? We still hadn t found the person responsible for the tragic murder of this bright young DNC staffer. You re right, she said. We re going to get to that. But she really had to go. She had made the call and checked it off her list, and I accepted after we said our goodbyes that I might never hear from her again.Dinesh D Souza tweeted in response to the excerpts from Brazile s book about her fears about crossing Hillary:   When Donna Brazile feared for her life for crossing the Clintons you know you are dealing with an unscrupulous gang of thugs When Donna Brazile feared for her life for crossing the Clintons you know you are dealing with an unscrupulous gang of thugs pic.twitter.com/Ze2omu1ypG  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) November 5, 2017Donald Trump Jr., whose epic tweets have become  must reads  for anyone who loves a good laugh, had this hilarious response about Brazile s fear of Hillary Clinton (think Vince Foster) to Dinesh D Sousa s tweet: I assume she was very fearful of involuntary suicide??? https://t.co/sMM45gnTUE  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) November 5, 2017",0
17678,"WATCH: FEEL GOOD VIDEO OF THE DAY…One Year Later…HILARIOUS Video Reminds Us Of How Democrats, The Media, and Hollywood Promised Us Donald Trump Would Never Win","Sit back, relax, and enjoy the left telling their viewers and fans how Donald Trump will never win the presidency.Now watch the same media and Hollywood freaks meltdown over Trump s win that they said would never happen. It s hard to imagine how much hate these poor liberals have in their hearts.So, just how much has President Trump accomplished since he won the election on November 8, 2016?Vice President Mike Pence offers a list of President Trump s accomplishments since he won the election, only one year ago today:Thanks to the president s leadership, the American economy is roaring. Businesses have created nearly 1.5 million new jobs. Manufacturers haven t been this confident in 20 years. The stock market is setting records, creating nearly $5 trillion in wealth for the pension, retirement and savings of the American people. And after eight years of lackluster growth, the economy has already expanded by at least 3% for two quarters in a row.The U.S. economy is making a comeback because President Trump has taken decisive action to spur a new era of opportunity, prosperity and growth.We ve unleashed American energy, approved the Keystone and Dakota pipelines, and under President Trump, the  war on coal  is over.We re appointing originalists to the federal courts, to uphold the Constitution and all our God-given liberties. And President Trump put Justice Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court.President Trump has also taken decisive action to ensure the safety and security of the American people, at home and abroad. He has stood without apology with the men and women of law enforcement. We re securing our borders, enforcing our laws and taking the gang members, drug dealers and violent criminals off our streets.The president is putting our veterans first. He signed bills to restore accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs and give veterans access to the world-class care they deserve.We re rebuilding our military. President Trump has already signed the largest increase in defense spending in nearly 10 years, and we are working with Congress to pass one of the largest investments in the national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan.With renewed American strength, the president is achieving real results on the international stage.Our NATO allies are contributing more to our common defense. ISIS is on the run, and its caliphate is crumbling. This president reaffirmed the credibility of American power when he enforced a red line against chemical weapons in Syria. He put Iran on notice and made it clear that we cannot certify the Iran nuclear deal. And our administration has brought unprecedented economic and diplomatic pressure to bear on North Korea.It has been a year of accomplishments, and we re just getting started. Before this year is out, we ll pass historic tax cuts for the American people. And with President Trump s leadership, I know: We will Make America Great Again. ",0
17679,BITTER RADICAL ERIC HOLDER Goes After ‘ORANGE MAN’ President Trump In Scorching Interview: ‘We want the America of Barack Obama’,"The information below is disturbing and should be a wake up call for  Americans that the left isn t taking losing lying down. This is war A war for the heart of America!The quote below from Steve Bannon also goes for the left and the radical elitists like Holder He continuously mocks President Trump in the interview below by calling him  orange man . Holder is seething with contempt and hate. It s shameful behavior from a man who was once a very powerful member of a presidential administration in America. He exposes himself for the hateful racist we knew he was. This is scary and should be a big reminder that the war isn t over with these people. Keep up the fight!Bannon is 100% correct on this:Former Attorney General Eric Holder says he is glad to be unshackled from his old job because employment with the National Democratic Redistricting Committee lets him lash out at Republicans like  orange man  President Trump.Politico recently went on the road with the NDRC s chairman in Virginia for get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, the Democratic nominee for Virginia governor.An interview at Rising Mount Zion Baptist Church in Richmond covered everything from NDRC s efforts to raise over $30 million for gubernatorial races to Mr. Trump s alleged role in empowering  neo-Nazis and white nationalists. I probably would not have [attacked Republicans like] that while I was attorney general,  he continued.  I didn t have an orange man who I was serving under, but, I mean, I would not have said that about a former president, for instance, while I was attorney general. But now, I m just a citizen and I ve got the full range of my voice back. The former attorney general also told Rising Mount Zion congregants that Mr. Northam s battle with Republican Ed Gillespie was important because  debts have to be repaid. Read more: WT",0
17680,IS CROOKED HILLARY Getting Ready To Compete With Creepy Joe Biden In 2020…As Both Career Politicians Fight For Credit Over Dem Seats Won In BLUE STATES Last Night,"The Republican Party should be so fortunate, as to have three aging, white, career politicians like Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders running against each other while representing the future of the  diverse  Democrat Party LOL!Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden gave themselves a pat on the back for the gains made by Democrats in yesterday s off-year election. For Clinton it was that her political group, Onward Together, supported a number of new progressive grass roots groups that did a lot of work on the ground.  Last night was a great reminder of what s possible when we come together and fight for what we believe in,  Clinton tweeted Wednesday morning.  So I wanted to take a few minutes to celebrate the extraordinary successes of a few groups I   and Onward Together   proudly fight alongside. For Biden, who is keeping the door open to a 2020 presidential bid, it was his candidate picks.In a note, to supporters, Biden said Americans voted for a  different kind of leadership.   And last night, nearly every single candidate that I endorsed at your recommendation was elected,  he wrote.  Daily MailWhy were Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden both taking credit for wins in VA, a blue state that went for Hillary in 2016 and, in spite of constantly being referred to in the media as a  swing state , hasn t been a  red state  since 2004 (see chart below):New Jersey is and has been a blue state for decades, so all of the self-congratulations and patting themselves on their own backs seems rather odd unless of course, Hillary and Joe are setting themselves up for what would be the most entertaining ever Democrat presidential primary in 2020. Anyone who believes that Hillary isn t up for another fight doesn t know Hillary. Fingers crossed Hillary s great at taking credit for a win, but prefers to blame everyone but herself when she loses bigly : Hillary Clinton has blamed Russian hackers for her loss   along with many others. DailyMail.com has been keeping trackJames Comey The FBI Vladimir Putin The Russians Wikileaks Low information voters The electoral college Anti-American forces Everyone who assumed she d win Bad polling numbers Barack Obama White women The New York Times Joe Biden Bernie Sanders Bernie bros People wanting change Misogynists Television executives Netflix Facebook Twitter Content farms in Macedonia The media Steve Bannon and Breitbart The Democratic Party The Republican Party Cambridge Analytica Women protesters Matt Lauer White voters Democratic documentary makers Voter suppression Mitch McConnell The Supreme Court Father Husbands Boyfriends Male bosses ",0
17681,FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP Just Set Alec Baldwin Straight On His Lie About Her,"MELANIA TRUMP never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her Alec Baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the First Lady!A spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of President Donald Trump. That is not true, which is why Mr. Baldwin has no actual names to go with his bizarre assertion,  the spokeswoman told The Hill on Monday.The  Saturday Night Live  star had made the remarks on WYNC s  The Brian Lehrer Show  Monday.The 59 year-old actor claimed the first lady  told this person, very high up in the White House brass there, that,  That s exactly what he s like. Baldwin has been doing his impersonation of Trump for well over a year now on NBC s late-night sketch comedy show and won an Emmy Award in September for his portrayal of Trump.The president is not a fan, however, tweeting last year that the impression  just can t get any worse  and calling the show  unwatchable.  in a tweet from December of last year:Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016THE BIG LIE FROM BALDWIN: Apparently, Trump is horrified and beside himself that his wife actually thinks it s funny,  Baldwin claimed Monday.The  30 Rock  star was promoting his new book,  You Can t Spell America Without Me: The Really Tremendous Inside Story of my Fantastic First Year as President Donald J. Trump. (A So-Called Parody). READ MORE: BPR",0
17682,BRAZILE’S BOMBSHELL BOOK Exposes How The Media And Democrat Party Hid Hillary’s Serious Illness,"Silly, silly Donna Brazile. She s publishing a book detailing turmoil in the Democratic Party during the 2016 campaign, highlighted by her concern that Hillary Clinton was seriously ill and might need to be replaced by Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders.Was the Democrat Party setting up Joe Biden to replace Hillary when she accompanied him to his hometown in Scranton, PA? The media completely ignored Hillary s inability to walk or stand unassisted in front of, and inside Joe s childhood home, that was all caught on this incredible, but mostly hidden video. In the video below, Hillary can be seen using the arm of the homeowner for support while reaching for the railing next to the stairs to stabilize herself. She can be seen repeatedly grasping for the railing outside, and then later on, when Hillary s inside the home, she seems unable to stand on her own, as she grasps for the backs of chairs and the kitchen table.Watch:Earlier in the day, Vice President Joe Biden was forced to help the seriously ill Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton down from the podium where she spoke at a small rally.What s the big deal? There s no news here because all this was well-known and covered at the time by the big national newspapers and networks, right?Wrong. If Brazile were rehashing things we knew, there would be no book and no bombshell headlines now.Instead, she has thrown open a new and very big window on 2016   and exposed yet again the consequences of the political biases of the Democratic media.The missed stories are not merely the result of mistakes or sloppy reporting. Brazile s book is a revelation in that it shows that many left-leaning journalists didn t so much cover Clinton as cover up for her.Put it this way: How is it possible that the leader of the Democratic Party was talking to colleagues about trying to replace its nominee during the general election because of health concerns, and none of the thousands of journalists covering the campaign got wind of it?It s not possible   if the media had been playing it down the middle and holding both candidates to the same standard of scrutiny. But big media missed a big story because so much campaign  news  coverage was tilted toward defeating Donald Trump and electing Clinton.Anything that could possibly suggest Trump was unfit for the Oval Office   bingo, front page, top of the broadcast.On the other hand, anything that could hurt Clinton was downplayed or ignored. Nothing to see here, move along.The coverage of Clinton s health was a prime example of the tilt. Her coughing fits, especially a long one on Labor Day, and a history of falling were pointed out by the popular Drudge Report, some Republicans and smaller, conservative-leaning sites to suggest she was not being honest about her health.But her campaign always denied anything was wrong   allergies, the candidate, and her flacks insisted, caused the persistent coughs, and major news organizations mostly nodded their heads and stayed mum, accepting the official denials without skepticism.The dam cracked a bit on Labor Day, when an NBC reporter filed a 91-word, four-paragraph story that said Clinton had been unable to finish her speech in Ohio because of a coughing fit.The truth was dangerous, so the Praetorian Guard sprang to Clinton s defense. The NBC reporter, Andrew Rafferty, was mocked and insulted, first by the campaign, and then by journalists, including some MSNBC commentators who turned on their colleague as if he had violated a secret oath.CNN joined the Clinton amen chorus, and at the Washington Post, political writer Chris Cillizza denounced the topic of Clinton s health as  a totally ridiculous issue  and declared it a  sure-fire loser  for Trump. It s hard to plausibly insist, based on the available data, that Clinton is ill,  insisted Cillizza, who is now at CNN.Five days later, Clinton was unable to walk on her own and collapsed at the 9/11 ceremony in Manhattan as she tried to get into a van. The campaign insisted she was just  dehydrated  until a short video of the incident aired, then admitted the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia days earlier.In other words, the claim of allergies was a big fat lie. That prompted Brazile to contemplate starting the process of replacing Clinton, writing in her book that the campaign also was  anemic  and had  the odor of failure.  She says she considered numerous tickets to replace Clinton and Sen. Tim Kane, and decided that Biden and Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) would be the best.It s not clear how long she deliberated or how many people she talked to, but Brazile writes that Biden called her on Sept. 12. In the end, she says, she made no move because she couldn t disappoint Clinton s supporters.For entire story: NYP",0
17683,THEY KNEW! Donna Brazile Blows DNC Secret Wide Open: Exposes Sickening Reason DNC Remained Silent After Russians Hacked Their Emails,"Is there a more corrupt and power hungry group of people anywhere in the United States? Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and the entire DNC are the reason for Donald Trump s meteoric rise to the White House after never running for a political office in his lifetime. When the Democrats complain about Donald Trump, they only need to find a mirror, to help them understand why he is so wildly popular with Americans who are sick and tired of the Washington cesspool Donna Brazile says in her new book the Democratic National Committee (DNC) went against professional advice and sat idly for a month while Russians stole data because primaries were still underway in a number of states.In May, when CrowdStrike recommended that we take down our system and rebuild it, the DNC told them to wait a month, because the state primaries for the presidential election were still underway, and the party and the staff needed to be at their computers to manage these efforts,  Brazile wrote in her new book,  Hacks. For a whole month, CrowdStrike watched Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear operating. Cozy Bear was the hacking force that had been in the DNC system for nearly a year. Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear are cybersecurity firms that have reported ties with Russian hackers. Both groups are blamed for the hacks on the DNC in 2016. CrowdStrike is a private U.S. cybersecurity firm that oversaw the protection of the DNC s servers.The DNC was under the leadership of Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida in May 2016 the time Brazile is describing in the passage. Shultz resigned in July, notably, over a series of leaked emails that showed DNC officials colluding to undermine Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont s campaign.Brazile s comments, if true, show that the DNC s privately contracted cybersecurity firm advised the Wasserman Schultz -led committee to break down and rebuild its cyber operation to protect against alleged threats. The DNC chose to go against the advice in order to see the Democratic primaries play out, which ended with Clinton becoming the Democrats  nominee.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
17684,MARIA BARTIROMO Gets Into Heated Interview With DNC Chair Tom Perez: “Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left!” [Video],"The DNC Chair Tom Perez took his delusional and very nasty attitude on Fox Business this morning Maria Bartiromo let him have it with a dose of  brutal truth about the direction the Dems are going in Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. Things got off to a fairly normal start, with Bartiromo asking the DNC Chairman about his party s victories in Tuesday s elections .Then Bartiromo hit a nerve when she mentioned the accusations about Clinton fixing the primary.Perez shot back:  Maria, I understand that when the Democrats win as they did across the board last night that you would like to focus on other things Then, after Perez touted Obamacare   and Bartiromo said the health care system was imploding   the two went back and forth, with Perez attempting to defend the Affordable Care Act and Bartiromo grilling him on whether he has spoken to Sanders since Brazile s revelations.BARTIROMO KEPT COMING BACK AT PEREZ WITH TRUTH BOMBS: Does somebody owe Bernie Sanders a phone call, since now we know what took place, and everything was rigged, and you were behind Hillary Clinton?  she charged. Maria I don t know if this is a lecture or a Q&A, you tell me,  Perez lamented. She then asked Perez about why the DNC did not turn their computers over to the FBI for an investigation, to which he replied:  Maria, you re in a fictional wonderland right now. Perez tried to turn the conversation back to Tuesday s election results, claiming them as proof that voters embraced the Democrats  vision.BEST LINE OF THE INTERVIEW: I haven t heard a vision!  Bartiromo shouted back.  Your party has been hijacked by the extreme left, Barack Obama, Elizabeth Warren. READ MORE: MEDIAITE",0
17685,DIAMOND and SILK Have Message For GOP Candidates Who Don’t Embrace Trump After Ed Gillespie Loses Governor’s Race In VA,"After Ed Gillespie lost the VA Governor s race tonight, President Trump tweeted,  Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before! While President Trump tried to help Gillespie by using his enormous influence on social media, the truth is, Ed Gillespie didn t want Trump to campaign with him in a state that has been a blue state since 2004. Virginia was one of the few so-called  swing  states that went for Hillary in the 2016 presidential election.Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 8, 2017On Oct 7, 2017, the Washington Examiner reported that Virginia s Republican nominee for governor Ed Gillespie was keeping President Trump at arm s length, suggesting that he viewed him as a liability in his campaign against Democratic Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam.Trump, in an unexpected Thursday evening tweet, urged Virginians to vote for Gillespie on Nov. 7, while charging that Northam was soft on gang violence. Gillespie welcomed the president s get-tough-on-crime message, but didn t have much to say about Trump himself.That didn t go unnoticed by one big Trump supporter, John Fredericks, a talk radio host in Southern Virginia who asked Gillespie during a Friday conference call with reporters whether he wanted the president to campaign for him down the stretch.Fredericks told the Washington Examiner in a subsequent interview that Gillespie s hesitance to embrace Trump could cost him on Election Day. Ed failed to capitalize on a golden opportunity to amplify the president s enthusiastic endorsement of him,  said Fredericks, who served as the vice chairman of the Trump campaign in 2016. I was flabbergasted that the Gillespie campaign chose to downplay the president s tweet,  he added.  This is a game changer. If Ed can motivate Trump voters to show up on Nov. 7, he ll win this election. A simple re-tweet and thank you would have gone a long way in solidifying Trump voters  support for Gillespie. After it was announced that Gillespie had lost the race, Diamond and Silk, who are Trump s #1 fan girls, tweeted a message to  Republican Politicians that s running for office:  If you don t support our President and his agenda, then the people will not Support you!  #AlwaysBetOnTrumpA message to these Republican Politicians that's running for office: If you don't support our President and his agenda, then the people will not Support you! #AlwaysBetOnTrump pic.twitter.com/nRxdTWKOgK  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) November 8, 2017Time will tell, but it was probably the biggest mistake of Ed Gillespie s political career to not ask President Trump to campaign in Virginia on his behalf.",0
17686,LIBERALS ARE GOING To Be Furious Over What This Texan’s T-Shirt Said During Live TV Interview,"Thank God a hero with a gun emerged in Sutherland, Texas, and was able to prevent an even worse tragedy at the hands of a mentally unstable man, who should ve been behind bars, or in a maximum security mental institution.Fox News   Because of the right to use modern weaponry for the defense of life, liberty and property is natural, we should not need a government permission slip before exercising it, any more than we need one to exercise other natural rights, such as speech, press, assembly, travel, and privacy.Yet since the Progressive era 100 years ago   ushered in by Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson and enabled by nearly every president since   the government has taken the position that it can care for us better than we can care for ourselves. So it has severely curtailed our rights and left us reliant on the government itself for protection.The modern-day massacres are proof beyond a doubt that the government cannot protect us.Daily Caller   Mike Jordan, a Texas man whose son witnessed the church shooting in Sutherland, Texas that took the lives of 26 and injured several more, wore a pretty edgy t-shirt during an appearance on Fox News Monday night.Jordan, who was interviewed by Laura Ingraham about the role guns played in the shooting that left 26 dead, wore a shirt that said,  Buy a gun. Annoy a liberal. Jordan said that his son usually carries but left his firearm at home on Sunday when the shooting took place. A small town like this, you know, people go to church, they disarm, leave their guns in the car, because you don t expect something like this to happen,  Jordan explained.  What if this was the day he didn t leave that firearm at home? What if he did take it with him? If you have one person on the inside that is armed to return fire, it may not have stopped people from dying  but it would have been a distraction, it would have gotten that guy s attention,  he said.",0
17687,"OUCH! CHUCK TODD HUMILIATES DNC Chair Over Sickening VA Governor TV Ad Democrats Won’t Denounce: “I Drive A Pickup Truck, Am I Racist?” [VIDEO]","It s hard to shame someone when they have no shame If you live in Virginia and you haven t voted for Ed Gillespie (R) for Governor yet, this ad, and the DNC Chair s unapologetic tone for its disgusting content will make you want to run to the polls before they close. Hopefully, this ad will be the push Ed Gillespie needed to get him across the finish line in Virginia.While most condemned the Latino Victory Fund ad that ran during the closing days of Virginia s gubernatorial race, which showed a supporter of Republican candidate Ed Gillespie driving a pick-up truck and running down Hispanic, Muslim, black, and Asians kids, Democratic National Committee Chair Tom Perez seemed to be fine with it. It also appears that the Democratic candidate, Ralph Northam, coordinated with LVF to push that ad; LVF listed the ad as a $60,000+ in-kind media contribution. There s nothing wrong with that, but Northam said this ad was totally outside his campaign operation. Not true.Speaking with Meet the Press s Chuck Todd, Perez said that there s been a lot of dog whistling in this race and that Northam was trying to unite people. Right so, you do that by apparently coordinating with the LVF to push an ad that says white people are all racists, drive pickup trucks, love the Confederacy, and just cannot wait to run over nonwhites in the street? The Roanoke Times, which isn t a Republican-friendly paper, aptly noted that what this ad conveys is that Republicans are bad people, and if you support them you re a bad person. It portrays white rural voters as genocidal, and while they offer Hillary Clinton some cover they say her remarks were misinterpreted the LVF ad conveys a  deplorable -like tone.   TownhallThe NBC Meet The Press host, Chuck Todd commits a courageous and unexpected act of journalism, when he asks the unapologetic DNC Chair Tom Perez:  Aren t you stereotyping? I drive a pickup truck. Are all pickup truck drivers racist? Do you understand why some people think the ad implies that? Watch the exchange here: Here is the disgusting ad that has since been pulled off the air in its entirety: ",0
17688,NEW FINDINGS SHOW TWO IMPORTANT Words Were Deleted From Cowardly Comey’s Remarks About Hillary That Could’ve Ended Her Presidential Bid,"The word  crooked  doesn t only apply to Hillary. Sadly, America is finding out that there are very few people in positions of power who we can trust. Perhaps the reason President Trump has so many loyal supporters is that Americans believe he s the only person in Washington with the courage and ability to actually drain the cesspool of corrupt government agencies in Washington DC Early drafts of former FBI Director James Comey s remarks about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server acknowledged that there was evidence she had violated a federal statute prohibiting  gross negligence,  but that phrase was deleted, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley.Grassley, who chairs the Judiciary Committee, has been investigating the formulation of Comey s controversial July 2016 remarks in which he announced that the FBI would not seek criminal charges following its probe into Clinton s use of a private email server.The Iowa Republican on Monday said the FBI had recently turned over records relating to then-Director Comey s statement. The FBI included in those documents what Grassley said appears to be a May 2, 2016 draft of Comey s exoneration statement.The draft was written two months before Comey s July 5, 2016 press conference in which he said that he did not believe Clinton had broken any laws even though she had been  extremely careless  in her handling of sensitive, highly classified material.In the draft in question, Grassley said the Comey statement included the following sentence:  There is evidence to support a conclusion that Secretary Clinton, and others, used the private email server in a manner that was grossly negligent with respect to the handling of classified material. The same draft included the following sentence:  Similarly, the sheer volume of information that was properly classified as Secret at the time it was discussed on email (that is, excluding the  up classified  emails) support an inference that the participants were grossly negligent in their handling of that information. Despite this reference to  gross negligence,  Grassley said the same draft statement goes on to determine she should not be prosecuted for a crime.Grassley asked for more details about the documents, including copies of the drafts in their original format and all records relating to discussions about why the edits were made, in a letter sent to FBI Director Christopher Wray Monday. As you are aware, 18 U.S.C. 793(f) makes the mishandling of classified material through gross negligence a criminal act,  Grassley wrote.  Although Director Comey s original version of his statement acknowledged that Secretary Clinton had violated the statute prohibiting gross negligence in the handling of classified information, he nonetheless exonerated her in that early May 2nd draft statement anyway, arguing that this part of the statute should not be enforced. Grassley said later edits,  on or around about June 10  remove those two sentences and include the following sentence instead:  Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Comey had the opportunity to charge a woman, who has been accused of breaking the law numerous times, with a crime, and in doing so, would have proved to all of America that nobody, even if their last name is  Clinton , is above the law. Once again, however, Crooked Hillary managed to wriggle off the hook of justice Grassley and Sen. Lindsey Graham, (R., S.C.) said in late August that Comey began drafting a statement rejecting the idea of charging Clinton with a crime over the email issue two months before Clinton was interviewed in the FBI probe. The senators released partial transcripts of interviews the Judiciary Committee conducted with U.S. officials to back up the statement.For entire story: WFB ",0
17689,LEFTIST ACTOR GEORGE CLOONEY Announces Break From Acting…“I Don’t Need Money” After LATEST MOVIE TANKS and Actress Accuses Him of Getting Her “BLACKLISTED” For Reporting Sexual Abuse,"In fly-over country, and pretty much anywhere in between the east and west coasts of America, people are sick and tired supporting the arrogant, condescending, anti-American, Trump hating,  liberal actors  and Hollywood is finally starting to feel the pain in their pocketbooks. Over the weekend, the 56-year-old actor, liberal activist, and Harvey Weinstein bestie, George Clooney, told The Sunday Times Hollywood isn t a priority for him anymore. Look, I acted for a long time and, you know, I m 56,  explained Clooney.  I m not the guy that gets the girl anymore. I shouldn t be the guy that gets the girl. However, there s a more obvious reason why the father of 5-month-old twins has chosen to take a step back from acting. [But], look, if somebody s got Paul Newman in  The Verdict,  I d jump,  he said.  But there aren t that many like that. Acting used to be how I paid the rent, but I sold a tequila company for a billion f g dollars. I don t need money. Back in June, Clooney confirmed that he and his business partners   nightlife businessman Rande Gerber and real estate mogul Mike Meldeman   sold their tequila company Casamigos for $1 billion.  Fox NewsBut are the Clooney twins and George s enormous net worth really the reason he s  taking a break  from acting or could it have more to do with the fact that middle-America has lost their appetite for actors who fund and use their positions to propagandize for leftist causes and politicians?George Clooney s  Suburbicon  that debuted over the Halloween weekend, notched one of the most dismal wide-release debuts in recent years.Despite debuting on more than 2,000 screens,  Suburbicon  managed just $2.8 million, making it one of Paramount Pictures  worst performing wide-releases ever and marking a new box-office low for Clooney as a director and star Matt Damon.Perhaps one of  Clooney s biggest problems is that Americans aren t willing to support the leftist actor, after that little prediction he made about Donald Trump s chances of winning the presidential election in 2016:The arrogant Clooney, who according to Page Six was accused by Vanessa Marquez, a former  ER  actress, who claims she was sexually and racially harassed daily on set   and George Clooney helped  blacklist  her from Hollywood when she complained.George Clooney is also going to have some trouble shaking his association with accused rapist and serial sexual assaulter Harvey Weinstein, who was at one time, a close personal friend of the actor.  say if he s going to stay out of the limelight completely. He was quick to tell The Sunday Times that the current political climate has inspired him to possibly pursue politics. However, the Hollywood star stressed he s not ready to tackle that role.The Sunday Times   Clooney won t say if he s going to stay out of the limelight completely. He was quick to tell them that the current political climate has inspired him to possibly pursue politics. However, the Hollywood star stressed he s not ready to tackle that role. So many people since Trump was elected have really been pushing on me to get more involved in actual politics, specifically at the highest office,  he explained.  I don t have political aspirations. He added,  I have always been involved in politics. My father ran for Congress. It s been in our family forever. But, mostly, I can help in ways I actually know very well, like messaging [voters]. Our advice to Clooney would be to stick to the fake world of Hollywood because real Americans don t even want to see your movies, let alone see you making laws on our behalf ",0
17690,WATCH: WIFE OF NFL PLAYER Admits RAIDERS “All-Black Offensive Line Allowed” QB Dereck Carr “To Get Injured” As Payback For Not Supporting Anthem Protests,"The Oakland Raiders have been in the news quite a bit lately, and unfortunately, for NFL football fans, it has little to do with football, and everything to do with an anti-cop social justice movement, and a certain player s bad behavior. The Raiders team made the news when most of the members of the team kneeled for the national anthem.  On October 1, 2017, running back Marshawn Lynch entered the Sports Authority stadium wearing an  Everybody vs Trump  t-shirt before the Oakland Raiders  game against the Denver Broncos. Lynch then sat during the playing of the national anthem. While Lynch sat for the October 1st game, most of his teammates knelt.Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch wearing an ""Everybody vs Trump"" T-shirt: pic.twitter.com/7aiCUbjLUD  Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) October 1, 2017According to Miko Grimes, wife of Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Brent Grimes, the Oakland Raiders offensive line actually stood down and allowed Derek Carr to get hurt because he didn t agree with, nor did he join the team s anthem protests.Here is the play Miko Grimes was referring to when Oakland Raiders quarterback Dereck Carr was hit in the back while his offensive line allegedly stood by and watched, as a punishment for not joining the team in their Black Lives Matter-inspired protest of our flag:Derek Carr suffers back injury. #Raiders pic.twitter.com/kqDhq9cCmY  Peter Joe (@RaiderPosts) October 1, 2017Miko Grimes made an appearance on  The Breakfast Club  where she emphatically claimed the star quarterback s views on the anthem protests led to his offensive line allowing him to get crushed. A lot of people don t know, but the reason Derek Carr got injured was because the Raiders offensive line allowed him to get injured,  Miko explained as she launched into her story.  Daily CallerWatch Grimes  incredible allegation about how the Raiders allowed their quarterback to be injured as a sick payback because he was against his team s anti-cop social justice movement. Grimes was quick to point out that the Oakland Raiders has the  only all-black offensive line in the NFL.  She also mentioned that they had a fight in the locker room prior to the game and before the players went out to play the game that Carr was injured in, the players already had a plan in place to ensure that he would be left unprotected..@iHeartMiko shares little know allegation about Derek Carr's injury. #TheBreakfastClub pic.twitter.com/7XF54oh3U7  REVOLT TV (@RevoltTV) November 7, 2017On October 20, 2017, Oakland Raiders running back and national anthem kneeler, Marshawn Lynch, was ejected after he left the sidelines to physically attack a referee with whom he disagreed with.",0
17691,WOW! Donna Brazile Was Warned To Protect Herself After Seth Rich Murder…When Brazile Asked Hillary To Use Some of Her Millions To Help Find Rich’s Murderer…Hillary Abruptly Ended Phone Call,"Is former DNC Chair Donna Brazile attempting to tie Hillary to the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich in her new book  Hacks ? What does Brazile know? Is she in danger if she says too much? Is Brazile offering just enough information, so that authorities are pressured into looking into a connection with Hillary and Seth Rich s murder?  From her book  Hacks :I felt some responsibility for Seth Rich s death. I didn t bring him into the DNC, but I helped keep him there working on voting rights. With all I knew now about the Russians  hacking, I could not help but wonder if they had played some part in his unsolved murder. Besides that, racial tensions were high that summer and I worried that he was murdered for being white on the wrong side of town. [My friend] Elaine expressed her doubts about that, and I heard her. The FBI said that they did not see any Russian fingerprints there.Daily Caller   Brazile repeatedly returns to the subject of being haunted by Rich s murder, even though other Democrats have pounced on anyone who suggested that the murder was anything other than a robbery gone wrong. The DNC data staffer was killed days before Wikileaks began publishing its emails, and his valuables were not taken.100 Percent Fed Up   The private investigator, Rod Wheeler, who was hired by the Rich family to get to the bottom of the murder of their son, DNC staffer Seth Rich, offered startling information on the Rich murder case when he appeared on the Sean Hannity show on May 15, 2017.  Wheeler spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says that a  high ranking official at the DNC  wanted to know why he was snooping around.Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? Shorty after WND wrote a story that outed Donna Brazile as the  high ranking DNC representative who allegedly called the police to ask why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, Twitter SUSPENDED WND s account!Here s the title and an excerpt from the WND article:BOMBSHELL: DONNA BRAZILE WARNED OFF PRIVATE EYE ON SETH RICH MURDEREx-DNC chairwoman reportedly asked cops why investigator is  snooping  into mysterious case Alicia Powe and Liz Crokin wrote the story that was also posted to and deleted from the social media platform by Twitter: Former Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile is the high-ranking DNC representative who allegedly called police and the family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich and demanded to know why a private investigator was  snooping  into Rich s death, the private eye revealed to WND Monday. The high-ranking DNC official that called the police after I inquired about Rich s case was Donna Brazile,  veteran homicide detective Rod Wheeler told WND.  Why shouldn t I reveal who it was? Brazile, who was also a CNN contributor and a Hillary for America donor at the time, was caught providing Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton with questions that would later be asked of Clinton at a televised CNN town hall. In an interview with Fox News before the election, Brazile denied leaking the questions to Clinton. But in a March 17, 2017, column for Time magazine, she finally admitted doing so, saying it was a  mistake I will forever regret. According to WND, their Twitter account was suspended because of this Seth Rich investigation bombshell.Daily Caller   But Brazile says she had a  spook,  with connections to the intelligence community, who told her after the killing that she needed protection for herself, including cameras, alarms and backup power at her house, and that she heeded his advice.I knew the campaign had over $3 million set aside in a legal fund. Could she help me get this lawsuit started? And don t forget the murder of Seth Rich, I told her. Did she want to contribute to Seth s reward fund? We still hadn t found the person responsible for the tragic murder of this bright young DNC staffer. You re right, she said. We re going to get to that. But she really had to go. She had made the call and checked it off her list, and I accepted after we said our goodbyes that I might never hear from her again.",0
17692,HOW CAN ANYONE TRUST THEM? TWITTER Admits To Hiding ANTI-HILLARY and Negative DNC Tweets During Election,"The move by a Twitter employee last week to ban President Trump from the social media platform for 11 minutes received a great deal of attention and offered people a glimpse into how easily someone at Twitter can stop the flow of information from a source he does not like.What did not get a great deal of attention, however, was the fact that Twitter s Acting General Counsel, Sean Edgett, admitted in a prepared statement to the Senate Judiciary Committee that the platform regularly blocked tweets offering information that could paint the Clinton Campaign and DNC in negative lights.Writing for NewsWars, Jerome Corsi notes:At a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism on Tuesday, Sean Edgett, Acting General Counsel for Twitter, admitted in his prepared testimony that Twitter employed in the 2016 election algorithms that censored out hashtags critical (of) Hillary Clinton, including the hashtag #PodestaEmails and the hashtag #DNCLeaks. Is anyone surprised?Twitter execs long ago began showing their biases against conservatives to such an extent that even USA Today brought it up, noting that Twitter s behind-the-scenes team was quick to ban right-wingers like Milo Yiannopoulos for digs he made at the brilliant and ever-so-entertaining actress Leslie Jones.Yet, conservatives say, nothing happened to rapper Talib Kweli and his followers when they attacked black Breitbart reporter Jerome Hudson with racial slurs. When Breitbart contributor Kassy Dillon complained about a Twitter user who sent her harassing tweets and messages, Twitter made the perpetrator delete one tweet that suggested someone shoot Dillon in the head. Now, the big story that many in the pop media evidently don t want you to see is that Twitter actually admits to having censored tweets that might have spread real information injurious to HRC and the DNC during the 2016 election. The Twits claim that they were simply stopping  spambots  from filling their precious space with tweets from unreal people (one might ask how authentic most politicians seem to be in the first place, but that s a different matter), but hidden in their statements are some  tells  that indicate otherwise.For example, Dr. Corsi observes that in sworn testimony to the Judiciary Committee, Edgett stated:For example, our automated spam detection systems helped mitigate the impact of automated Tweets promoting the #PodestaEmails hashtag, which originated with Wikileaks  publication of thousands of emails from the Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta s Gmail account. The core of the hashtag was propagated by Wikileaks, whose account sent out a series of 118 original Tweets containing variants on the hashtag #PodestaEmails referencing the daily installments of the emails released on the Wikileaks website.So, automatically, what Mr. Edgett has admitted tells us that Twitter intentionally tried to stop the circulation of information offered by an authentic user, Wikileaks, offering authentic information that Wikileaks had published revealing real, confirmed e-mails sourced from John Podesta and the DNC. Those e-mails shed extremely important information about corruption within the DNC that worked against Bernie Sanders  campaign, and in favor of Mrs. Clinton s campaign, and later revealed extremely important information about what Mrs. Clinton knew about the attempted overthrow of Syria and the underlying, unconstitutional reasons for the overthrow of Qaddafi in Libya.Edgett also testified that Twitter hid 25% of the  #PodestaEmails  tweets, andAs described in greater detail below, our systems detected and hid just under half (48%) of the Tweets relating to variants of another notable hashtag, #DNCLeak, which concerned the disclosure of leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee. Those would be the e-mails that revealed towering corruption at the DNC and in many offices of pop media   things like new reporters working with the Clinton campaign to offer her easy questions, things like Donna Brazile, then an employee of CNN, feeding Hillary questions prior to a debate with the electrifying wildman, Bernie Sanders.These are issues that were real, and the more people knew about them, the more they disliked Mrs. Clinton   and the more she and the DNC hackmeisters pushed the spurious  Russia Hack  narrative to deflect from their own malfeasance.For entire story- MRCTV ",0
17693,LOL! MOTHER OF TWO Just Got A BIG SURPRISE From Her Employer After She Became A Hero To Democrats For FLIPPING OFF President Trump’s Motorcade,"The picture, snapped by a White House photographer traveling with the president as he left his golf course in Sterling, Va., went viral almost immediately. News outlets picked up the story when it appeared in a White House pool report. Late-night talk show hosts told jokes about the encounter and people on social media began hailing the unidentified woman as a  she-ro,  using the hashtag #Her2020.The woman s name is Juli Briskman. Her employer, government contractor Akima LLC, wasn t so happy about the photo. They fired her over it.Juli was so proud of her disgusting and hateful act of disrespect for our President that she posted the image of herself to the top of her Facebook page:In a Saturday interview with HuffPost, Briskman, a 50-year-old mother of two, said she was stunned that someone had taken a picture of her giving Trump the middle finger.As the photo circulated online, Briskman decided to tell Akima s HR department what was happening when she went to work on Monday. By Tuesday, her bosses called her into a meeting and said she had violated the company s social media policy by using the photo as her profile picture on Twitter and Facebook. They said,  We re separating from you,  said Briskman.  Basically, you cannot have  lewd  or  obscene  things in your social media. So they were calling flipping him off  obscene. Briskman, who worked in marketing and communications at Akima for just over six months, said she emphasized to the executives that she wasn t on the job when the incident happened and that her social media pages don t mention her employer. They told her that because Akima was a government contractor, the photo could hurt their business, she said.  Huffington Post",0
17694,MEDIA DOWNPLAYS Attack By Unhinged Neighbor On Senator Rand Paul…’Minor Injuries’ Not So Minor,"5 broken ribs with trouble breathing, lung contusions and life-threatening possibilities is not a  minor injury  as media claimed A senior adviser for Rand Paul says the U.S. senator is recovering from five broken ribs following an assault at his home.Doug Stafford said it is unclear when Paul will return to work since he is in considerable pain and has difficulty getting around, including flying. Stafford said Sunday that the broken ribs include three displaced fractures, which can lead to life-threatening injuries. The severe pain can last for weeks or months.Police arrested 59-year-old Rene Boucher on Saturday and charged him with misdemeanor fourth-degree assault with a minor injury. Boucher is accused of attacking Paul on Friday, but officials have not released a motive.Boucher lives next door to Paul and his wife, according to Warren County property records.Boucher was released from jail on Saturday. He has not returned a call seeking comment.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE ATTACK:Another unhinged Democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn Kentucky State Police have arrested a person accused of assaulting Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) at his home in Kentucky, the senator s office confirmed on Saturday. Senator Paul was blindsided and the victim of an assault,  Kelsey Cooper, a spokeswoman for Paul, said in a statement.  The assailant was arrested and it is now a matter for the police. Senator Paul is fine. The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Rene Boucher of Bowling Green, Kent., according to a statement from Kentucky State Police reported by the Bowling Green Daily News.  True PunditBoucher is an anesthesiologist and pain specialist. He got his medical degree from Des Moines University College of Osteopathic Medicine after being pre-med at Providence College in Rhode Island, according to Doximity. Boucher has practiced medicine in since 1982 and attended high school in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Between 1985 and 1993, Boucher was pain management specialist at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco where he also did his residency.In 2005, Boucher appeared on QVC marketing a rice-filled vest that was designed to alleviate back pain, reported the Bowling Green Daily News. The vest retailed at $30 and had to be microwaved before use. The website for Therm-a-Vest is no longer active. WAVE reports that Boucher retired in 2015.In May 2017, Boucher shared a story on Facebook about Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte assaulting The Guardian s Ben Jacobs in Bozeman, Montana. The assault was described as a  body slam  at the time. Boucher writes in his Facebook bio that he is in a relationship. The Bowling Green Daily News article about Boucher s pain relieving vest saw him city his wife, Lisa, as a reason for its success.Boucher is a registered Democrat. Since Trump s ascendency to the president, Boucher has been severely critical the GOP on Facebook. Boucher is shown to be an advocate for gun control and healthcare reform. There does not seem to be any posts that target Senator Paul.   Heavy ",0
17695,WHY DID TEXAS SHOOTER Shave His Beard Only Days Before He Massacred 26 in Local Baptist Church?,"At least 26 people have been killed inside a Texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.Confirmed reports are beginning to circulate that the shooter is a left-wing Antifa member, Devin Patrick Kelley (26), with military experience, acting out on behalf of the previously promoted November 4th Resistance via Antifa.  Kelley is a former U.S. Air Force member who served from 2010 to 2014. He was dishonorably discharged and court-martialed in May 2014, CBS News has learned. (Via CBS) [ ] Kelley is a former U.S. Air Force member who served from 2010 to 2014. Records confirm Kelley previously served in logistics readiness in New Mexico until his discharge in 2014, Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek said in a statement.Kelley was court-martialed in 2012 for two counts of assault on his spouse and assault on their child, Stefanek said. He received a bad conduct discharge and confinement for 12 months. He has a residence in New Braunfels, Texas, which is about a 35-mile drive from where the attack took place in Sutherland Springs.   Conservative TreehouseKelley showed off an image of a rifle on his Facebook page, calling it a  bad bitch :Although gun-control advocates will use Kelley as an example of why no American should be able to legally own a gun, it s worth pointing out that, given Kelley s dishonorable discharge from the Air Force, which is a felony, he would be banned from possessing a firearm in the U.S.:If Devin Kelley was dishonorably discharged from military it would mean he couldn t have legally bought a gun. It s same as a felony pic.twitter.com/nZITFHhdzn  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) November 6, 2017Kelley s Facebook page has now been deleted, but you can see a screenshot of the weapon he posted above. His profile picture showed two small children, which was a chilling juxtaposition next to the semi-automatic rifle that was his cover photo. According to The Daily Beast,  Kelley was married and Kelley s mother-in-law listed a P.O. box in Sutherland Springs as a mailing address. San Antonio police reportedly raided Kelley s home on Sunday evening he briefly taught at a summer Bible school.  He lived about 35 miles from the shooting scene.The shooter was described as a  white male in his 20s from outside San Antonio  by Mike Levine, a journalist for ABC News, who reported that law enforcement had uncovered a weapon photo on Kelley s Facebook page.  Authorities are now scrubbing his social media; on Facebook in recent days, he showed off an AR-15 style-looking gun,  Levine wrote. Authorities said the rifle used in the massacre was similar to the one Kelley posted on Facebook, but they could not confirm it was the same weapon.  HeavyKelley s Facebook page revealed that had recently shaved his beard. It s Kelley s response to a friend who asked him,  Don t you have a beard?  that s curious. Kelley s responded,  Not anymore. Long story. Although there is no evidence so far that indicates Kelley was radicalized by Islam, it s common knowledge, that before a Muslim commits jihad, they are to be cleanly shaven.Slate magazine explains why a terrorist shaves before blowing himself up:So he s clean when he enters heaven. Traditionally, Muslims purify corpses by washing the skin and nails and sometimes by shaving the pubic hair. But suicide attackers are deprived of a proper burial since there are usually no remains. To compensate, the attackers shear themselves ahead of time, both to guarantee some level of cleanliness at the time of instant incineration and to prove extreme devotion to personal purity. Some scholars offer an alternative explanation: They believe that suicide terrorists adopted the no-hair practice from the Pashtun tribesmen of Afghanistan, who shave their bodies before going into battle.Hair removal is mentioned in Islamic law as a method of maintaining personal hygiene. In addition to nail clipping, the sunnah instructs Muslim men and women to shave or trim pubic hair regularly and to remove underarm hair. Men must also clip their mustaches. In some circumstances, Muslims are encouraged to shave their heads. For example, Al-Bukhari, a ninth-century Muslim scholar who spent years collecting hadith, quotes the prophet as saying  May Allah bless those who shaved  during the Hajj (pilgrimage); and the Quran states that  ye shall enter the Sacred Mosque, if Allah wills, with minds secure, heads shaved, hair cut short, and without fear. Here are the FACTS we know from Texas LEO and FBI Press Conference: Largest mass shooting in state history  ~ Gov. Greg Abbott [Texas] 26 dead + Shooter = Total 27 [23 inside church, 2 outside, 1 hospital death] 11:20 am Suspect was seen dressed in all black. Tactical Gear and Ballistic Vest Weapon: Ruger AR-type Rifle. Eyewitness neighbor engaged shooter with his own rifle [possibly hit the shooter in neck]. Shooter dropped a weapon and fled in the vehicle. Citizen pursued the suspect in a vehicle. Police arrived at the vehicle, shooter dead. Ages of 26 victims: 5-years old to 72-years-old.Paul Joseph Watson posted a screenshot of some of the pages and issues that Kelley was interested in:These are the Facebook likes of the shooter, as being reported by Heavy and other outlets. pic.twitter.com/Lqw1ECwnLA  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 5, 2017While Kelley was clearly interested in atheism, he also appeared to be a liberal as it relates to social issues.Interests of shooter Devin Patrick Kelley, according to his LinkedIn page. https://t.co/ZXexIM4IRm pic.twitter.com/mSZwNAmE4j  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 6, 2017Hopefully, we ll get more details about the motive behind the worst shooting massacre in Texas history, faster and more accurately, than the misinformation campaign we ve been fed by local Las Vegas and federal authorities about the worst mass shooting in US history only one month ago ",0
17696,LA TIMES COLUMNIST Slammed For Mocking Sarah Sanders In ‘Sexist’ Article…What About The Cartoon?,"A political reporter for the Los Angeles Times is under fire from all sides for making sexist remarks about White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders in his latest anti-Trump column .WHAT ABOUT THE CARTOON???While David Horsey issued a lame apology for his article, he still has a cartoon up with the article that s a disgusting portrayal of Sarah Sanders. We hope you ll let Mr. Horsey know his lack of ethics is deplorable: David Horsey   LA TimesEven left-leaning columnists ripped into Horsey for his body shaming and very snarky remarks against Sanders:California resident, Claire Adida, said:  Hey, @latimes and @davidhorsey, you can do better. How about you focus on what she says rather than how she looks? While Adam Serwer, Senior Editor for The Atlantic, wrote:  Genuinely confused as to how this column got past an editor. Teen Vogue columnist, Lauran Duca, further added:  Things that are true at the same time: 1) Sarah Huckabee Sanders is an unabashed enemy of the truth 2) This profile of her is sexist trash. NASTY ARTICLE:In the article  Sarah Huckabee Sanders is the right mouthpiece for a truth-twisting president  published Wednesday morning, David Horsey compared Sanders to a  chunky soccer mom who organizes snacks for the kids  games. Horsey criticized Sanders, who was appointed the role back in July, for not meeting up to Trump s standards, as he suggested the aide  does not look like the kind of woman (he) would choose as his chief spokesperson. While the columnist pointed out positive aspects of Sanders  part in the Trump administration following the leave of Sean Spicer   Horsey veered into the misogynist comments.He said:  Rather than the fake eyelashes and formal dresses she puts on for briefings, Sanders seems as if she d be more comfortable in sweats than running shoes. Then added:  Yet, even if Trump privately wishes he had a supermodel for a press secretary, he is lucky to have Sanders. WHAT A NASTY MAN! DAVID HORSEY S EMAIL ",0
17697,BREAKING UPDATE: At Least 27 DEAD After Shooter Enters Texas Church In Full Combat Gear…Almost Every Person In Church Was Shot…Gunman Chased After Fleeing Scene…Is Now DEAD [VIDEO],"Please pray for the victims and their families At least 27 people have been killed inside a Texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.The shooting happened at the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs, where around 50 people usually attend service, according to local reports.According to @ksatnews a witness reported seeing a man in full gear come into the church & unloaded several rounds. https://t.co/2K0aJZ3D79 pic.twitter.com/EFbWIKnX9D  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) November 5, 2017Wilson County Commissioner Albert Gamez Jr told CNN that at least 27 people have been killed in the shooting, but the death toll is expected to climb. My heart is broken,  Gamez said.  We never think where it can happen, and it does happen. It doesn t matter where you re at. In a small community, real quiet and everything, and look at this, what can happen. Albert Gamez, Jr., Commissioner of Wilson Co. TX gives his account of the scene in this video: Alert: TEXAS CHURCH ATTACK:  27 Dead, Official Says  Dozens Wounded  Suspect Dead After Chase  FBI On Scenepic.twitter.com/LlptnMl2d9  J_Patriot_Train (@r_little_finger) November 5, 2017At least 24 others were injured in the horrific shooting. Witnesses said a man  in full gear  walked inside the church and opened fire just before 11.30am.FoxNews At least 20 feared dead in  mass shooting  at Texas church https://t.co/Li9uiH7HbK pic.twitter.com/Sgl96YEEzmAt least 20 feared de  (((T W))) (@timgw37) November 5, 2017A woman wrote on Facebook that she saw the man flee the scene in his vehicle before crashing it not far from her daughter s house. She said he then ran on foot and was pursued by police.The shooter was killed after the brief foot chase into Guadalupe County, according Guadalupe County Sheriff s Office spokesman Robert Murphy.But it s still unclear if the gunman shot himself or was taken down by authorities.The suspect, who has not been identified, is dead and there is no longer an active shooter threat, according to police.Police could not give an exact number of victims shot in the attack, but witnesses said they heard as many as 20 shots fired.Dana Fletcher, who owns a store in Sutherland Springs, told CNN:  It s just awful there were emergency responders everywhere.  Neighbors in the area said they may have heard the shooter reload multiple times. Another witness at the scene said a two-year-old was also shot in the attack.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
17698,JIM BEAM Fans Call For Boycott After Spokesperson and Liberal Actress Brags About Taunting VP Mike Pence For Defending Life,"The decision of actress Mila Kunis to make monthly donations to abortion business Planned Parenthood in pro-life Vice President Mike Pence s name has generated a call for a boycott of Jim Beam on Twitter.Jim Beam global brand spokesperson Kunis told Conan O Brien Thursday that she donates to Planned Parenthood in Pence s name to protest his pro-life policies. O Brien asked Kunis to explain her  prank: I apologize if I m offending anybody. It s not so much a prank as much as I disagreed with some of the stuff that Pence was doing and was trying to do. And so as a reminder that there are women out there in the world that may or may not agree with his platform, I put him on a list of recurring donations that are made in his name to Planned Parenthood.Every month, to his office, he gets a little letter that says like,  An anonymous donation has been made in your name.  I don t look at it as a prank, this is like, I strongly disagree, and this is my little way of doing it. It s a peaceful protest.  Breitbart NewsThe new face of Jim Beam, the iconic bourbon brand, might not be quite what you expect. While a rough-around-the-edges cowboy or country rock star might seem to fit the bill Jim Beam has used Kid Rock at times in the past its newest spokesperson is the petite and beautiful Mila Kunis.The 30-year-old actress, who says she is a big fan of bourbon in general, is featured in two new 30-second Beam ads, as well as five other videos ranging in length from 15 seconds to more than three minutes.   Ad WeekSome Twitter users are peacefully protesting in return by letting the makers of Jim Beam know they will be choosing the brand s competitors instead:Hey @JimBeam I didn't realize your spokesperson was so political & supported killing babies #AbortionHurts #BoycottJimBeam https://t.co/JwHkusu3xr  Rockentowsky (@grendel_the) November 4, 2017Tell @JimBeam to stop having @MilaKunis as their spokes idiot  #BoycottJimBeam pic.twitter.com/YFlqKFJ9X5  tom_simpson (@builditnow) November 3, 2017Just don't be surprised on that day you reap what you sow  Kurt Watson (@crapshoot55) November 3, 2017 ",0
17699,DID MILITARY JUDGE Give Army Deserter Bowe Bergdahl A Slap On The Wrist Because of President Trump?,"Is this just one more case of an activist judge too blinded by his hate for Trump to deliver the justice he took an oath to uphold? It was announced yesterday that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who walked away from his post in Afghanistan and triggered a search that left some of his comrades severely wounded, was spared a prison sentence by a military judge Friday in what President Donald Trump blasted as a  complete and total disgrace. The judge gave no explanation of how he arrived at his decision, but he reviewed evidence that included the five years Bergdahl was held captive by the Taliban and the wounds suffered by troops who searched for him, including one who now uses a wheelchair and cannot speak.  Chicago TribuneWhen candidate Donald Trump told a crowd that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should have been executed for leaving his post in Afghanistan, the crowd cheered We re tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who s a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,  Trump said to cheers at a rowdy rally inside a packed Las Vegas theater at the casino-hotel Treasure Island. Thirty years ago,  Trump added,  he would have been shot. Before everyone starts calling Trump  heartless  or an  idiot,  perhaps they should first familiarize themselves with our laws about Americans who commit treason:Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.(June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 807; Pub. L. 103 322, title XXXIII,  330016(2)(J), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2148.)Immediately after the news broke about the slap on the wrist given to Bowe Bergdahl in his desertion case, President Trump tweeted about his disgust with the judge s decision:https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/926492915626663939President Trump s harsh criticism of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who walked off his Army post in Afghanistan in 2009 and was captured by the Taliban, will weigh in favor of a lighter sentence for the sergeant, a military judge said on Monday. I will consider the president s comments as mitigation evidence as I arrive at an appropriate sentence,  the judge, Col. Jeffery R. Nance of the Army, said during a hearing at Fort Bragg. The judge is expected to sentence Sergeant Bergdahl in the next few weeks.The judge rejected a request that he dismiss the case or cap the length of the sentence on the grounds that the president s comments had precluded a fair hearing. The judge said he had not been influenced by the remarks and that the public s confidence in the military justice system had not been undermined.Sergeant Bergdahl faces up to life imprisonment. He pleaded guilty on Oct. 16 to desertion and endangering the troops who were sent to search for him.He testified on Monday that he deeply regretted that people  suffered because of my bad choices. Colonel Nance will also consider aggravating factors presented by the prosecution, including injuries suffered by several service members during the search for Sergeant Bergdahl, as well as the negative impact they say the search had on the military s overall war effort in Afghanistan.Anger over the injuries has driven much of the testimony in the case so far, as service members vividly described a rescue operation that exposed them to enemy fire. Shannon Allen, the wife of Sgt. First Class Mark Allen, who was shot in the head took the stand on Monday.Sergeant Allen, a national guardsman from Georgia, had part of his brain removed during surgery, and is now unable to speak, walk, or take care of himself. His wife has said little publicly, but in a Facebook post after Sergeant Bergdahl was freed, she blamed him for causing her husband s incapacitation. Instead of being his wife, I have become his caregiver,  Ms. Allen testified on Monday.Last week, Staff Sgt. Jason Walters testified that his six-man team had only just arrived in Afghanistan when they were sent to search for Sergeant Bergdahl. They had little time to prepare for the rugged terrain of Paktika Province, and little intelligence to go on.On the second morning of the search,  an insane amount of fire came out of nowhere,  Sergeant Walters said. Militants had them surrounded. In minutes, half the team had been wounded. Sergeant Walters turned to see  a cloud of blood  spraying from the head of Sergeant Allen. I started treating his wounds, talking to him, telling him to hang on,  Sergeant Walters said.The battle subsided only after F-15 fighter jets and Apache helicopters arrived overhead.Only later would the troops learn that the battalion responsible for the area believed that 150 Taliban fighters were near the village where the soldiers were resting when they came under fire. My words can t take away what people have been through,  Sergeant Bergdahl told the court on Monday.  Offering condolences is not enough. People went through things they shouldn t have had to go through. I grieve for those who have suffered and their families. For entire story: NYT s ",0
17700,JUST IN: RAND PAUL ASSAULTED By Democrat Doctor…Here’s What We Know About The Attacker,"Another unhinged Democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn Kentucky State Police have arrested a person accused of assaulting Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) at his home in Kentucky, the senator s office confirmed on Saturday. Senator Paul was blindsided and the victim of an assault,  Kelsey Cooper, a spokeswoman for Paul, said in a statement.  The assailant was arrested and it is now a matter for the police. Senator Paul is fine. The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Rene Boucher of Bowling Green, Kent., according to a statement from Kentucky State Police reported by the Bowling Green Daily News.  True PunditBoucher is an anesthesiologist and pain specialist. He got his medical degree from Des Moines University College of Osteopathic Medicine after being pre-med at Providence College in Rhode Island, according to Doximity. Boucher has practiced medicine in since 1982 and attended high school in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Between 1985 and 1993, Boucher was pain management specialist at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco where he also did his residency.In 2005, Boucher appeared on QVC marketing a rice-filled vest that was designed to alleviate back pain, reported the Bowling Green Daily News. The vest retailed at $30 and had to be microwaved before use. The website for Therm-a-Vest is no longer active. WAVE reports that Boucher retired in 2015.In May 2017, Boucher shared a story on Facebook about Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte assaulting The Guardian s Ben Jacobs in Bozeman, Montana. The assault was described as a  body slam  at the time. Boucher writes in his Facebook bio that he is in a relationship. The Bowling Green Daily News article about Boucher s pain relieving vest saw him city his wife, Lisa, as a reason for its success.Boucher is a registered Democrat. Since Trump s ascendency to the president, Boucher has been severely critical the GOP on Facebook. Boucher is shown to be an advocate for gun control and healthcare reform. There does not seem to be any posts that target Senator Paul.   Heavy ",0
17701,OBAMA HID BIN LADEN PAPERS To Bury This Damning Evidence That Could Have Cost Him 2012 Election,"The Obama administration s well guarded Osama bin Laden documents were released on Wednesday by CIA director Mike Pompeo. The documents were seized in a raid after U.S. SEAL Rob O Neill killed Osama bin Laden. The Obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470,000 documents to release. They hid damning evidence that could have hurt Obama s chance at reelection in 2012 .OBAMA RAN THE CLOCK OUT AL QAEDA WAS NOT  ON THE RUN :Steve Hayes of the Weekly Standard:  In a manner of speaking, Barack Obama wanted what al Qaeda already had: a mutually beneficial partnership with Tehran. Revealing to the American people the truth about Osama bin Laden s cozy working relationship with the Iranian government might have fatally undermined that diplomatic quest, just as the ongoing vitality of al Qaeda, amply testified to in the bin Laden documents, would have contradicted Obama s proud claims in 2012 that al Qaeda was  on the run.  So Obama, with the eager cooperation of some in the intelligence community, bottled up the bin Laden documents and ran out the clock.IRAN S CLOSE TIES TO AL QAEDA COULD HURT THE IRAN DEAL:Within the documents is an assessment by a senior jihadist with al Qaeda   Tehran ties: how Iran supplied  everything needed,  including  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon,  including safe haven for other jihadis, the New York Post reported.The assessment is raising questions as to how much then-President Obama knew about Iran s ties to al Qaeda before making his controversial deal. And it points to the reason why the former administration might have kept the documents under lock and key.The Obama White House had this information for five years before making the nuclear deal that critics argued would ultimately make it easier for the terror state to build nuclear weapons. Bin Laden had called Iran a  main artery for funds, personnel and communication  for al Qaeda, the Post reported.That wasn t the only suspicious dealing Obama had with Iran. In August 2016, Republicans were furious over a reported deal Obama had made to release American hostages in Iran.The former administration denied paying $400 million in  ransom  for the hostages, arguing that it was part of a legal settlement in a long-standing case. However, it was only the first of three payments to the Iranians totaling $1.3 billion that took place after the hostage release, as the Wall Street Journal disclosed. And strikingly, much of the case came by way of plane-loads of cash in international currencies.But the revelations about bin Laden and the former administration don t end there.MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO BIN LADEN:In one of the 10,000 videos files contained within the newly released documents, bin Laden is asked to name is his influences. The terrorist leader didn t hesitate, The National reported. From a religious aspect, I was committed within the Muslim Brotherhood. Bin Laden also suggested the Muslim Brotherhood sponsored his first trip as a young jihadi. It was the first time I travelled to a country where I did not know the language,  he writes.  I carried a pistol and went. The Brotherhood, they had poor knowledge about things. If they knew, I would not have had to travel through Syria to Antakya 12 hours by bus to reach Istanbul. It was easier from Jeddah to Istanbul by plane. Three hours by plane. MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO CLINTONS:Critics of the Muslim Brotherhood have long warned of its terror affiliation and infiltration into the West. One Brotherhood official Gehad el-Haddad was arrested two years ago in Cairo for inciting violence. El-Haddad (pictured below) previously worked as an executive for the Clinton Foundation. Via: BPR",0
17702,LOL! IVANKA TRUMP Has All-Female Security Detail In Japan…Leftist Rag The Washington Post Calls It “Kind Of Sexist”,"When the daughter of President Trump visited Japan, she had an all-female security detail. When the wife of the man the left has attempted to label a  sexist  (with no factual basis) arrives in Japan with the President in a couple of days, she too will have an all-female security detail. But that s still not good enough for the liberal media. Today, a female writer for the liberal rag, The Washington Post wrote an article about the all-female security detail for the First Lady and the President s daughter. The article suggests that the decision to employ an all-female security detail,   is actually kind of sexist LOL!Amanda Erickson goes on to demean an belittle the female police officers in Japan, suggesting that they aren t really properly trained to do the type of work their male counterparts are capable of doing. Near the end of the article, she throws in a jab about Michelle Obama also having an all-female detail in Japan.It s funny, but we just can t remember The Washington Post criticizing her or the female police force when Mooch made her awkward appearance in Japan, where Mooch talked about, what else? Inequality yawn!When the first daughter arrived in Japan on Thursday, she was greeted by dozens of black suit-wearing female bodyguards from Tokyo s Metropolitan Police Department.The all-female security team was deployed to protect Trump from the thousands of adoring fans she has in the Asian nation, but it seemed their usual body armor and riot gear was not fitting attire to guard Ivanka.Melania Trump and other female dignitaries will be protected by an all-woman police team during the Japan trip https://t.co/TEDsbtHC07 pic.twitter.com/Z4N7AAfN0M  CNN (@CNN) November 3, 2017 We opted for a more cultivated look to suit the occasion,  an officer in charge of the security plan told Japan s Asahi Shimbun.Wrapping up a productive day of meetings with Foreign Minister Kono, Minister Kato and Minister Noda on workforce development and women s economic empowerment.  A post shared by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Nov 3, 2017 at 12:57am PDTThe all-female security team was deployed to protect Trump from the thousands of adoring fans she has in the Asian nation, but it seemed their usual body armor and riot gear was not fitting attire to guard Ivanka. We opted for a more cultivated look to suit the occasion,  an officer in charge of the security plan told Japan s Asahi Shimbun.Enjoying my first visit to Japan with a traditional Kaiseki meal in Tokyo. Thank you to our hosts for their warm hospitality    A post shared by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Nov 2, 2017 at 5:50am PDTIvanka has become something of a fashion and feminist icon in Japan since her father s election to the presidency last November. In Japan, the eldest Trump daughter is seen as an aspirational figure for women whose careers get sidelined after having children. Fox News",0
17703,WATCH: NAVY VET Declines Award At New Orleans Saints Game Because Of Disrespectful Players Who Continue To Kneel During Anthem,"One courageous Navy vet has had enough of the disrespectful NFL players who kneel during the national anthem. Although it would be a great honor for the vet to receive an award, he put standing up for and defending our flag before being recognized for his service. Good for him A disabled Navy veteran said he declined to accept an award at a New Orleans Saints game due to the controversy over players protesting during the national anthem.The Saints organization was going to honor retired Cmdr. John Wells, the executive director of Military Veterans Advocacy, with the Peoples Health Champion award during last week s game in New Orleans, according to The Advocate.On Wednesday he told the organization he was unable to accept the award at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome because of the anthem protests. Saints players have been seen kneeling before the anthem and some continue to do so during the national anthem. Although I am touched and honored to be selected for such an award, the ongoing controversy with NFL players  disrespect for the national flag forces me to decline to participate in the presentation,  Wells said.  I am unable, in good conscience, to enter an NFL stadium while this discourtesy prevails. Since this award is tainted with the dishonorable actions of the NFL and its players, I cannot accept it. Wells served in the Navy from 1972 to 1994 and afterward became an attorney concentrating in military and veterans law, according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune. He was set to receive the award given by Medicare to senior citizens who have made significant accomplishments.The Saints said in a statement Thursday that they were disappointed by Wells  decision.   FOX News ",0
17704,THE STUNNING LIST Of Barack Obama’s “Firsts”,"Our first black President of the United States has quite an impressive list of accomplishments. Sadly, not one of his accomplishments has anything to do with helping the black community who believed him when he said he would help them find jobs. Many Americans in fact, believe that the former president actually set race relations back 50 years.While every  first  is probably not on the list below, most of them are. Please feel free to let us know what we missed in the comment section below.The list of Barack Obama s  firsts :First President to pardon 78 pardon prisoners and commute 153 people in one day.First President to apply for college aid as a foreign student, then deny he was a foreigner.First President to have a social security number from a state he has never lived in.First President to preside over a cut to the credit-rating of the United States.First President to require all Americans to purchase a product from a third party.First President to spend a trillion dollars on  shovel-ready  jobs when there was no such thing as  shovel-ready  jobs.First President to abrogate bankruptcy law to turn over control of companies to his union supporters.First President to by-pass Congress and implement the Dream Act through executive fiat.First President to order a secret amnesty program that stopped the deportation of illegal immigrants across the U.S., including those with criminal convictions.First President to demand a company hand-over $20 billion to one of his political appointees.First President to tell a CEO of a major corporation (Chrysler) to resign.First President to terminate America s ability to put a man in space.First President to cancel the National Day of Prayer and to say that America is no longer a Christian nation.First President to have a law signed by an auto-pen without being present.First President to arbitrarily declare an existing law unconstitutional and refuse to enforce it.First President to threaten insurance companies if they publicly spoke out on the reasons for their rate increases.First President to tell a major manufacturing company in which state it is allowed to locate a factory.First President to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect (AZ, WI, OH, IN).First President to withdraw an existing coal permit that had been properly issued years ago.First President to actively try to bankrupt an American industry (coal).First President to fire an inspector general of AmeriCorps for catching one of his friends in a corruption case.First President to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.First President to surround himself with radical left wing anarchists.First President to golf more than 150 separate times in his five years in office.First President to hide his birth, medical, educational and travel records.First President to win a Nobel Peace Prize for doing NOTHING to earn it.First President to go on multiple  global apology tours  and concurrent  insult our friends  tours.First President to go on over 17 lavish vacations, in addition to date nights and Wednesday evening White House parties for his friends paid for by the taxpayers.First President to have personal servants (taxpayer funded) for his wife.First President to keep a dog trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense.First President to fly in a personal trainer from Chicago at least once a week at taxpayer expense.First President to repeat the Holy Quran and tell us the early morning call of the Azan (Islamic call to worship) is the most beautiful sound on earthFirst President to side with a foreign nation over one of the American 50 states (Mexico vs Arizona).First President to tell the military men and women that they should pay for their own private insurance because they  volunteered to go to war and knew the consequences. First President to allow Iran to inspect their own facilities.First President to trade 5 terrorists for a traitorIn addition to Obama s  firsts , here is a list of 10 records that were set while Barack Obama was President of the United States:",0
17705,APOLOGY ISSUED After LA TIMES and NY TIMES Columnists Go After #SarahSanders: Mock Her Weight And Southern Accent,"Wow! What a couple of hypocrites and haters! We ve included contact info for the two male liberal columnists below so you can let them know how tacky and disgraceful they are for mocking Sarah Sanders.UPDATE: HORSEY ISSUED AN APOLOGY AFTER BACKLASH BUT HIS CARTOON IS STILL IN THE ARTICLE! I want to apologize to Times readers   and to Sarah Huckabee Sanders   for a description that was insensitive and failed to meet the standards of our newspaper. It also failed to meet the expectations I have for myself. It surely won t be my last mistake, but this particular error will be scrupulously avoided in my future commentaries. I ve removed the offending description.   David HorseySHE MUST BE GETTING UNDER THEIR SKIN:Two male, liberal columnists this week launched personal attacks against White House press secretary Sarah Sanders.DAVID HORSEY OF LA TIMES:Los Angeles Times columnist David Horsey mocked Sanders  appearance (he later deleted this part), saying she  looks more like a slightly chunky soccer mom who organizes snacks for the kids  games. Rather than the fake eyelashes and formal dresses she puts on for news briefings, Sanders seems as if she d be more comfortable in sweats and running shoes,  Horsey wrote on Wednesday.  Yet, even if Trump privately wishes he had a supermodel for a press secretary, he is lucky to have Sanders. He s also a cartoonist. This horrible cartoon of Sanders is with the article:  BIG MOTHER ???Please contact Horsey on twitter to let him know what a total jerk he is to mock a woman like this: David Horsey TwitterNY TIMES BASHES SANDERS TOO:Another columnist, the New York Times  Frank Bruni, similarly went out of his way on Friday to bash Sanders for her personal characteristics, in this case her way of speaking.Bruni wrote that Sanders is serving a function other than communication, which turns out not to be her forte. To listen to her pronounce  priorities  is akin to hearing the air seep out of a flat tire, and she leaves half of the consonants on the curb,  Bruni added parenthetically, mocking Sanders for her Southern accent.Bruni calls Sanders a phony:  She s a bogus message to Middle America that Trump s White House is really a homespun, family-values kind of places. Please contact Bruni on twitter: Frank Bruni TwitterNice try, but Sanders is as real as they come. THAT S what bothers these two so-called journalists who just did a hit piece on a woman for her looks and her Southern accent NOT for the job she s doing as press secretary. Is this all they ve got? Nice try boys, we re even bigger fans now of this imperfect (who is perfect?) but incredible woman who stepped in and is hitting a home run for the Trump team Go Sarah! You got this!VIA: DAILY CALLER ",0
17706,LEFTY COMMUNIST Calls Trump-Supporting High School Students ‘White Supremacists’. Hilarity Ensues! [VIDEO],"If you haven t discovered Austen Fletcher yet, please check him out on twitter and YouTube He goes in and opens up lefty brains with shocking facts He s awesome!Communist calls Trump supporting high school students 'white supremacists'. Hilarity ensues! #FleccasTalkshttps://t.co/M7VCVpmEUV pic.twitter.com/JHpygavsZw  Austen Fletcher (@fleccas) November 2, 2017The entire video is below:Students at Cal State Fullerton attempted to shut down Milo Yiannopoulis  right to free speech. They end up looking like idiots!Townhall covered the idiocy:Halloween Night at Cal State Fullerton, I got to engage the crowd of students who would be protesting free speech absolutist and conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. I didn t want to hear him. I wanted to meet the students, see the force of outrage against his presence on the campus, and start changing some minds.In the beginning, I noticed that some protesters were wearing masks. Law enforcement surrounded and arrested one of them. Later that night, another Antifa thug got taken down after pepper-spraying others. Perhaps it s time for local law enforcement to deputize the law-abiding citizens to arrest those who wear masks and menace peace-loving protesters.Like many others in the student quad, I came in my own custom: Arthur, i.e. Arthur Reed the cartoon anteater (or Aardvark). It works, don t you think? Other costumes included Hugh Hefner, a pirate wrapped in rainbow feather boas, and a snowflake liberal. The last one was a young man wearing bubble wrap all over his body. Funny stuff!As soon as I arrived at the square, reporters and student journalists rushed towards me. One guy asked me which was worse, feminism or cancer. I said  both . Other students wanted to know why I was there, including the mainstream media reporters. I want free speech restored and respected on college campuses, and I want to debunk the lies and mythologies about President Trump.Within minutes, a crazed black woman later identified as Keyanna Celina roared at me:  White Supremacist! Get out of here!  My friend Genevieve Peters tried to calm the situation. Instead, Celina swiped at her, then beat her around the head multiple times before someone in the crowd fired pepper spray to stop Celina.Right on cue, the anti-Milo, anti-free speech fascists started chanting  Fascists go home! Fascists go home!  Instead of running away, I stood right in front of their protest, turned the cameras on them and shouted with them:  Fascists go home!  Trick or treat!Full disclosure: I am no Milo fan. But so what? He has every right to speak at a college, and no one should prevent him! Besides, I was more interested in listening to students, to find out why they were protesting, to get their views on key issues, and to stump for President Trump. Some students accused me of starting fights. I soon realized they were merely trying to silence me. After deftly casting accusations aside, I began to realize why abject liberalism had taken hold on many of these young people. Obviously, they don t hear other points of view, and thus anyone with a difference of opinion is wrong. As I feared, most students are told what to think, not how to think. Another problem was the sloppy misuse of terms. One man claimed that 75% of the businesses in socialist dystopia Venezuela are privately owned. Uh   Nope! Why would he believe this? Because he didn t see the clear synonym between nationalization and socialization.",0
17707,MARK LEVIN: AL QAEDA and ISIS “Actively” Using Schumer’s Diversity Visa Program To “Put Sleepers In Our Country” [VIDEO],"Two nights ago, Mark Levin dropped a bombshell on his show about the Muslim terrorist who killed 9 people in Manhattan and injured dozens. The Diversity VISA immigration program that allowed the Muslim terrorist, and 23 people who were tied to his lottery draw from Uzbekistan to live in the United States, was given the brainchild of none other than New York s own Democrat senator, Chuck Schumer.Mark Levin; NYC muslim terrorist came to US under  Diversity VISA Program    a bizarre lottery to shove more foreigners down our throats  Deplorable MD   (@MDDeplorable) October 31, 2017Numbers USA breaks down Senator Chuck Schumer s Diversity Visa immigration program: The Irish Immigration Reform Movement (IIRM) began working directly with Rep. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) and his staff to draft a diversity program that differed significantly from those considered up to that point. The Schumer proposal would have set aside 75,000 visas each year for a new category of  diversity immigrants. 112 Under this proposal, the world would be separated into  high-admission regions  and  low-admission regions,  within which would be  high-admission states  and  low-admission states.  High-admission states would be those from which at least 25,000 immigrants had come to the United States within the most recent five-year period. While no state would be allocated more than seven percent of available visas, the bulk of visas would go to low-admission states in low-admission regions, with a much smaller number allotted to low-admission states in high-admission regions. Any visas not used by the state to which they were allocated would go to the remaining eligible states.Last night, nationally syndicated radio talk show host Mark Levin slammed the Diversity Immigrant Visa (green card lottery) program in an interview with Sean Hannity on FOX News Tuesday night. He said a lottery is no way to run an immigration system. Levin said a caller, a counter-intelligence veteran, told him al Qaeda and ISIS are  actively  using the program to install sleeper cells in the U.S It took effect in 1995,  Levin said of the bill.  People go online and they apply. They apply online. It s a lottery system. That is no way to run immigration system. I had a caller on my radio program tonight and he said, he used to work counterintelligence. Al Qaeda and ISIS have actively been working to use this program to put sleepers in our country. Levin said we have forgotten what the purpose of immigration is. Immigration is supposed to benefit the United States, not to ensure diversity from the foreigners coming into this country. Immigration is supposed to improve the United States it has nothing to do with improving other countries and so forth,  he said. This mass killer has claimed an association with ISIS, hasn t he? This diversity visa program should be gutted. We don t need a diversity visa program with 50,000 people a year come into this country through a lottery system, because we want diversity from different countries,  Levin declared.Levin said after 9/11, you would have thought people would take the issue of immigration more seriously. Immigration is about national security,  the broadcaster said.  Once people get into the country it becomes far more complicated. So you want to stop them at the border. And when the President of the United States said, as he did when he first came into office, we can t vet these people. Some of these governments are effective war with us and some of them don t exist. Some of them are involved in civil war. You know, we can t call Yemen and say, hey, can you check this guy out on your computer system? There is no computer system. There is no effective government. What the President is saying is  you can t bring people in from these countries until we figure out what s going on.   Real Clear Politics",0
17708,VIOLENT ENVIRONMENTAL LUNATICS Cost Taxpayers MILLIONS To Protect Trump’s EPA Director After Receiving “Unprecedented” Number of Credible Death Threats,"Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt has received an unprecedented amount of death threats, requiring a 24-hour security detail, according to an editorial published in the Wall Street Journal.The paper revealed the EPA has received more than 70  credible threats against EPA staffers, with a disproportionate number menacing Administrator Scott Pruitt and his family,  since President Donald Trump took office.Credible threats from liberal opponents have resulted in the EPA s inspector general s office recommending 24/7 security detail for Pruitt, which is costing taxpayers $2 million per year. Mr. Pruitt has received more than five times as many threats as his predecessor, Gina McCarthy,  the editorial explained.  These include explicit death threats. Some have referenced Mr. Pruitt s home address. Federal law enforcement has determined that some of those threatening Mr. Pruitt are likely capable of carrying out acts of violence. Democratic lawmakers have complained that the security detail is a waste of money, claiming  there is no apparent security threat against the administrator to justify such a security detail or expenditures. EPA security has already caught suspects prowling around the Administrator s neighborhood,  the Journal reported.Liberals have justified the death threats. Last week, a San Francisco columnist argued death threats against Pruitt were justified because he is a  banally evil, milquetoast, science-denying government administrator.  The death threats  make a warped sort of sense,  wrote liberal columnist Mark Morford. Mr. Pruitt didn t invent these threats, and Cabinet members shouldn t have to fear violence as a price of public service,  the WSJ editorial board said.For entire story: WFB",0
17709,NAMES REVEALED Of TOP DONOR And Popular ACTRESS Behind Disgusting Leftist Latino TV Ad Depicting White Man Running Down Minority Kids With Truck,"When a disgusting ad appeared on TV showing a white man in a pick-up truck with a confederate flag in the back, and an Ed Gillespie for Governor bumper sticker on the gate, that was chasing down a group of minority kids in their neighborhood, Americans from every political party were disgusted. Many were asking who in the world was behind the Latino Victory Fund that sponsored the disgusting ad? Well, Washington Free Beacon did some digging, and as it turns out, the same person who funds violent riots, Antifa anti-free speech uprisings, or violent anti-Trump protests is also behind the funding of this horrible and divisive group whose co-founder is a well-known leftist actress. Liberal billionaire George Soros is a major funder of a Latino activist group that produced an ad in Virginia depicting a supporter of Republican gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie running down minority children in a truck, which was pulled following the New York City terror attack that left eight people dead.The group was part of Soros-backed efforts against Trump and Republicans during the 2016 election cycle, and its leadership includes individuals who previously worked directly with Soros at his foundation.The Latino Victory Fund, a group that carries a mission of  growing Latino political power by increasing Latino representation at every level of government,  released the advertisement showing a man driving a pickup truck with a Gillespie campaign bumper sticker chasing minority children down streets and alleyways.  Is this what Donald Trump and Ed Gillespie mean by  the American dream?'  the voiceover says in the ad.Crist bal J. Alex, the president of the Latino Victory, said the ad was produced to show how Gillespie has  eagerly embraced racism and xenophobia  during the campaign. The group pulled the ad following the terror attack in New York City on Tuesday and issued a non-apology when announcing the move. We knew our ad would ruffle feathers,  Alex said in a statement late Tuesday night.  We held a mirror up to the Republican Party, and they don t like what they see. We have decided to pull our ad at this time. Given recent events, we will be placing other powerful ads into rotation that highlight the reasons we need to elect progressive leaders in Virginia. Here s the disgusting ad:Latino Victory was co-founded by actress Eva Longoria and San Antonio-based businessman Henry R. Mu oz III, who has chaired the DNC s finance committee since 2013. Longoria and Mu oz previously operated the Futuro Fund, which raised $32 million for Barack Obama s reelection efforts.Soros is the top individual donor to the Latino Victory Fund this year and has given $150,000 to the group, Federal Election Commission filings show. The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) BOLD PAC, the fundraising arm of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, also gave $150,000 to the Latino Victory Fund.Soros produced funding for a campaign last year that involved the group.Numerous immigration activist groups, including Latino Victory, the Center for Community Change, and America s Voice, launched  Families Fight Back  during the 2016 election cycle.The Washington Free Beacon recently obtained unredacted tax documents revealing donors for the Center for Community Change, which does not disclose their contributors. Soros gave millions in funding to the group. It also received funding from the likes of the Ford Foundation, which was first created by members of the Ford Motor Company, but is no longer connected to the company.Three others who work at Latino Victory came from the failed presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton.  WFB ",0
17710,"JUST IN: Former DNC Chair Donna Brazile Accuses Hillary of CHEATING To Win Election, Laundering Money Through DNC…Drops Major BOMBSHELL About “CANCER” Barack Obama","After months of lying about passing debate questions to Hillary before the presidential debate that was hosted by her employer, CNN, the former DNC Chair Donna Brazile, finally came clean. During an interview with Trevor Noah of the Daily Show, Brazile arrogantly excused her dishonest behavior by telling Noah: Well, first of all, I didn t have my hands in the cookie jar. I m an operative, I m a strategist, and part of what my role was, in addition to being a  political pundit,  was to help advance the cause of justice and equality Today s a new day, however, and Donna Brazile has decided to emerge from the shadows to promote her new bombshell, tell-all book that is sure to ruffle a few feathers in the Democrat Party Her book is about the chaos at the DNC during the 2016 campaign. On Thursday, she revealed a section of it at Politico. What emerges from the excerpt is a picture of Brazile as a heroine (of course), Hillary Clinton as the villainess, Debbie Wasserman Schultz as incompetent and lazy, and Barack Obama as the unnamed cancer that ate away at the center of the party.Ouch.In Brazile s book, she claims that Obama cleaned out the Party. Brazile writes that by the time she took over, the Democratic Party was  broke and $2 million in debt.  According to Brazile, Obama  left the party $24 million in debt    hey, sort of like the country!   and his campaign wouldn t pay off that debt until election year. Furthermore, Wasserman Schultz had grown staff and allowed the DNC to pick up the check for Obama consultants.Brazile also claims that Hillary ran the Party. Hillary used that debt to pick up power   they pledged to fill in the funding gap for the DNC so long as they got to run operations. Gary Gensler, CFO of the Hillary campaign, apparently  described the party as fully under the control of Hillary s campaign, which seemed to confirm the suspicions of the Bernie camp. The campaign had the DNC on life support, giving it money every month to meet its basic expenses, while the campaign was using the party as a fund-raising clearinghouse. Hillary Essentially Laundered Campaign Money Through The DNC. Hillary raised an enormous amount of money for the DNC, but virtually all that money went to Hillary s campaign. Less than half of 1 percent of all money Hillary raised from her fundraisers went to the states. Brazile explains:When the Politico story described this arrangement as  essentially   money laundering  for the Clinton campaign, Hillary s people were outraged at being accused of doing something shady. Bernie s people were angry for their own reasons, saying this was part of a calculated strategy to throw the nomination to Hillary.The party ran as an adjunct to the Hillary campaign long before the primaries, meaning that Bernie was at a severe disadvantage. Brazile admits as much:The funding arrangement with HFA and the victory fund agreement was not illegal, but it sure looked unethical. If the fight had been fair, one campaign would not have control of the party before the voters had decided which one they wanted to lead.For entire story: Daily Wire ",0
17711,JUST IN: 23 People Came To U.S. With NY Terrorist After He Won Schumer’s Lottery…Trump Claims Family Members “Certainly Could Represent A Threat”[VIDEO],"President Trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make America safer. During his brief press conference, Trump confirmed that he is already working to eliminate the State Department s Diversity Visa program that brought the NYC terrorist to America and ironically, was the brainchild of Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY).President Trump answered  yes  to reporters when they asked if he d consider sending the NYC terror suspect to Gitmo. He also announced that he will be demanding  merit-based immigration  and we don t want a lottery . Trump also let everyone know that  chain migration  is on the chopping block as well. Trump told reporters,  We don t want  chain migration  where somebody like him ultimately is allowed to bring in many, many members of his family. One of the reporters shot back at Trump, asking him,  Do you believe any members of his family represent a threat?  President Trump responded,  They could, they could They certainly could. They certainly could represent a threat. Watch:",0
17712,TRUMP TAKES ACTION: Send “Animal” To GITMO…Already Starting Process To “Get Rid of Senator Chuck Schumer’s “Diversity Lottery” That Gave Us NYC Terrorist [VIDEO],"President Trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make America safer. During his brief press conference, Trump confirmed that he is already working to eliminate the State Department s Diversity Visa program that brought the NYC terrorist to America and ironically, was the brainchild of Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY). He s also not shy about saying he d be willing to send the NYC terrorist to GITMO. President Donald Trump said Wednesday that he would consider sending Sayfullo Saipov, the Uzbek national who plowed a rented truck through a bike lane full of cyclists and pedestrians on Tuesday, to the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.  I would certainly consider that, yes. I would certainly consider that. Send him to Gitmo,  Trump said.Separately, Senate Armed Services Committee chairman John McCain, a Republican who has tangled with the president on taxes and Obamacare, said Saipov should be considered an  enemy combatant  and denied Miranda rights by police.The president also declared that he is already moving to terminate the State Department s diversity-oriented visa lottery program, which granted Saipov entry into the United States in 2010. I am today starting the process of terminating the diversity lottery program. I m going to ask Congress to immediately initiate or get rid of this program,  he said.Watch:Trump called Saipov  an animal  during remarks before a cabinet meeting at the White House. He came in through the diversity program as you know, and we re going to stop it,  the president vowed.On Capitol Hill, McCain said in a statement that Americans should recognize terror attacks as  acts of war. As such, the New York terror suspect should be held and interrogated   thoroughly, responsibly, and humanely  as an enemy combatant consistent with the Law of Armed Conflict,  McCain added. He should not be read Miranda Rights, as enemy combatants are not entitled to them. As soon as possible, the administration should notify Congress how it plans to proceed with the interrogation and trial of this suspect.   Daily Mail ",0
17713,IMAM SLAMS CBS News For Trying To “Make Terrorist White”…”I’m Glad They Didn’t Make His Eyes Blue As Well”,"Yesterday, the Imam who calls himself the  Imam of peace  called out NYC s Democrat mayor, Bill DeBlasio, for ignoring the Imam s warnings about Islamic terror in NYC.About #NYC terrorist attack, I personally sent letters to Mayor De Blasio online & in person about terrorist breeding in NYC.He did nothing.  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017In 2016, I told Mayor De Blasio that I was in NYC and noticed some hot radical centres. I was willing to point out serious cases. Ignored!  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017When critics came after him, Imam Tawhidi announced that he would release his letter to DeBlasio warning him of Islamic extremists in NY.I ll be releasing my 2016 letter to Mayor De Blasio warning him of Islamic extremists in NY upon my landing  . His office is a proven FAIL! https://t.co/QQCLN1OiNf  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) November 1, 2017The popular Imam is not shy about his thoughts on radical Islam.The Islamic world is infested with extremists. Whoever denies this is either unaware of what s going on or simply a benefiting politician.  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) November 1, 2017He s not shy about calling out the hypocrisy in Islamic politics eitherIslamic politics is amazing. We behead each other with our own knives, stone with our own stones, then our leaders blame the USA. Spot on  .  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) August 11, 2017Today, Imam Tawhidi called out CBS for making the NYC terrorist appear to be  white  in their New York attack suspect: Who is Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov? article.Here s the image CBS used in their story:Here s the Imam s tweet:CBS tried to make terrorist Saipov white, I m glad they didn t make his eyes blue as well. pic.twitter.com/EQH3v57itk  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) November 1, 2017This isn t the first time that a liberal media outlet has been accused of  white-washing  an image of a high-profile killer to fit a certain liberal narrative.Conservative Treehouse accused CNN of whitewashing the selfie image of Oregon Umpqua College killer, Christopher Mercer, that he uploaded to his Facebook page. On the right is how CNN presented the same selfie in broadcast stories about him. Why did CNN need to change the complexion (color) of their broadcast?What are your thoughts? Do you believe CBS intentionally white-washed the image of the New York City terrorist? We d like to hear what you have to say. Please tell us what you think in the comment section below.",0
17714,MUSLIM ATHLETE Given “Hero’s Welcome” INDICTED For Sexual Abuse Of 12-Yr Old Girl After Senator Schumer Helped Him Get Around U.S. Visa Denial,"The media CHEERED when Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) helped a 24-yr old Muslim man enter the U.S. after he was denied entry The media was strangely SILENT, however, after he molested a 12-yr-old upstate NY girl while she was with her family at an event celebrating the Muslim athlete. Yesterday, it was discovered that the Islamic extremist who killed 9 people and injured dozens of others, when he rammed his truck into them on a busy bike path in New York City, entered our country on a  Diversity visa  that was the brainchild of none other than the Democrat Senator from NY, Chuck (I always put diversity before our nation s security) Schumer An Indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of U.S. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the World Snowshoe Championship in New York has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.It was a long journey for Indian snowshoe champion Hussain and his coach to the World Snowshoe Championships in Saranac Lake, New York last weekend.The pair were initially denied visas to travel to the U.S. in the chaotic days following the Trump administration s travel ban, but with the help of Saranac s mayor and   according to Mir   the office of Democratic Sen. Chuck Schemer, the American Embassy in New Delhi reversed their decision Feb. 17 and allowed them to travel to the competition.Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer, an outspoken opponent of President Trump s attempts to more carefully vet refugees and visa holder s coming into the United States, bragged about getting around Trump s temporary travel restrictions on his Facebook page:Hussain hails from the Indian side of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which is predominantly Muslim. Although India is not one of the seven countries that were part of the initial travel ban, Hussain and Khan had alleged they were victims of it when their first attempt at procuring visas to travel to the United States was turned down in late January, the first business day after Trump s travel ban was put in place.Khan told the BBC that an employee at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi told them they were being rejected because of  current policy. U.S. officials said at the time that the denial was not connected to the travel ban. An embassy spokesman said they were preparing a statement for release later in the day.  National PostThe reckless and irresponsible acts of Democrat legislators like Senator Chuck Schumer, perfectly illustrates why Trump was right about demanding that we put additional vetting measures in place for immigrants. Hussain and team manager Abid Khan arrived Feb. 23 in the bucolic Adirondacks town, which had been following their visa ordeal and extended them a hero s welcome. Locals offered congratulations and free lodgings at an inn that in the snow looked like a  fairy tale scene from a movie,  Khan said in a Facebook post.The  fairy tale  was shattered Wednesday, when Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with felony sexual abuse and child welfare endangerment, police said.The parents of the 12-year-old girl allegedly involved said the incident happened Monday, after the end of the three-day snowshoe competition, and reported it to local authorities.Chief Charles A. Potthast Jr. of the Saranac Lake Village police force said the girl was playing pool Monday afternoon with other young people at the inn where Hussain was staying. There was a moment when the two were alone, and that s when the incident occurred,  Potthast said. The girl told police there was a  passionate kiss  and that Hussain touched her in an intimate area on top of her clothing.Hussain remains jailed on $10,000 bond. Khan said the athlete told him he had done nothing wrong.A spokesman for Schumer said the senator helped with the visa process at the request of Saranac Lake and described the charges against Hussain as  extremely troubling. A spokesman for Gillibrand said the senator thinks the charges are  extremely serious. During their time in Saranac Lake, Hussein and his coach were honored with a special reception by the mayor and gave a talk about Kashmir at Saranac Lake Middle School, where students had waged a letter-writing campaign on their behalf.  Pack your bags. Next year you are coming to Kashmir,  Hussain told them, according to one of Khan s Facebook posts. Washington PostThe athlete s coach said he is innocent. Mir had said that the visa would not have been issued without the  personal efforts  of Schumer and New York s other Democratic senator, Kirsten Gillibrand. On Saturday, Schumer celebrated Hussain s  rock star  welcome in a Facebook post, saying that the United States is  still a country that welcome athletes from across the globe to compete in our stadiums, our snow-covered fields and everywhere in between.   National Post ",0
17715,WATCH: How The Crooked Clinton Foundation HID Over $145 Million In Donations From URANIUM ONE Shareholders,"While the mainstream media was salivating over the indictment of Paul Manafort by dirty cop Robert Mueller, for crimes he allegedly committed years before he worked on Trump s campaign, a bombshell was being dropped by the author of  Clinton Cash , Peter Schweitzer about Hillary Clinton and how her dirty dealings while acting as Obama s Secretary of State have compromised our national security.Watch:Hillary's Clinton Foundation took in 145 MILLION frm 9 different Share holders frm Russian Uranium Co. and did NOT report it. Podesta  pic.twitter.com/rsp09SPylt   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 19, 2017The National Review recently published a great article explaining how the Clinton crime family laundered money through their crooked foundation while putting our national security at risk: The FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion, and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin s atomic energy business inside the United States,  The Hill s John Solomon and Alison Spann report. They add that an eyewitness, with corroborating documents, indicates that, starting in 2009,  Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton s charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow. Even after this skullduggery was discovered, the federal Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States   on which Hillary sat   decided that Rosatom, the Russian government s atomic-energy company, could capture 20 percent of America s uranium supply, by purchasing a mining company called Uranium One. Rosatom announced its acquisition plans on June 8, 2010. While Hillary weighed this deal, Bill scored $500,000 for his address that June 29 to Renaissance Capital, a Kremlin-tied bank that endorsed Rosatom s move. Before, during, and after CFIUS s deliberations, nine Uranium One investors gave the Clinton Foundation some $145 million. Ultimately, CFIUS approved the Kremlin s transaction, on October 23, 2010.Even worse, despite lacking an export license, Uranium One reportedly shipped uranium out of America. Destination: Unknown. Remember: Uranium is a main ingredient in atomic bombs. Why would the Obama-Clinton administration let Russia have even a firecracker s worth of American uranium? This is the $145 million question.  I was unaware of this criminal probe concerning bribery,  says Peter Schweizer, who first uncovered Uranium One in Clinton Cash, his best-seller on America s most powerful crime family.For entire story: National Review ",0
17716,LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT Knows of Russian Bribery and Info ‘That Involves the Clintons’ [Video],"DC lawyer Victoria Toensing is one smart cookie. She s representing a former FBI informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the US. She recently told Sean Hannity her client will brief Congress about Russian involvement in the U.S. uranium market. This includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the Clintons I m not going into detail,  attorney Victoria Toensing said on the Oct. 24 Hannity.  You know that, Sean. But the informant will give an overview and specific conversations that he had with Russians in what they were thinking about the money that they were spending. I mean, let me just be that general and it involves the Clintons. The director of the FBI at that time was Robert Mueller, and he is now the special counsel investigating alleged Russian collusion with the 2016 Trump campaign. The undercover investigation involving Toensing s client occurred between 2009 and 2014, and the senior attorney on the case was Rod Rosenstein, who is now the deputy attorney general of the United States and the official who appointed Mueller as special counsel.Further, all this information indicates that many senior Obama administration officials knew about instances of bribery and money laundering involving at least one Russian official, at a time when Russia wanted to expand its uranium market in the United States, and when the administration through a special committee had to approve or deny the sale of a company, Vancouver-based Uranium One, to Rosatom. (Rosatom is the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation.)Some of the people on that Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States included then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Attorney General Eric Holder, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napalitano, and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.The committee approved the sale of Uranium One to Rosatom in October 2010. That sale gave Russia, and President Vladimir Putin, control over 20% of U.S. uranium production. (At least nine investors in Uranium One   prior to, during, and after that sale   donated $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.) So, Mueller, [Rod] Rosenstein, maybe even [James] Comey at the time, and the president of the United States   certainly Eric Holder was the head of the DOJ   they all knew that they had all this evidence that the Russians had infiltrated with the purpose of a criminal enterprise to corner the market on uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons?  asked Hannity.Toensing said,  That is correct. Via: cns news",0
17717,WOW! POPULAR IMAM WARNED NYC Mayor DeBlasio Of Terror Threats: “De Blasio spent all his energy and resources in trying to bring down President Trump and not Islamic Extremists”,"Imam Tawhidi is an outspoken voice in the Muslim community, who is unafraid to openly condemn Islamic extremists. After the terror attack today on the streets of New York City by a radical Muslim who was allegedly here on a  diversity visa , Imam Tawidi took off the gloves on Twitter and told the world that he warned Mayor DeBlasio, but was  Ignored! Tawhidi regularly tweets about the evils of extreme Islam:Extremists cannot force us into their paradise. In fact, I don t want to be in paradise if they re going to be there as well.  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017The Australian Imam is young, well presented and articulate. He is charming, has successfully utilized social media and has a strong following amongst the Australian public. Perhaps most importantly to a government that yearns for unity amongst its electorate, Tawhidi is an immigrant who champions the integration of fellow expats into the Australian community. The complete package, as it were.He isn t shy about calling out Islamic extremists and the people who suffer under Islamic extremist rule. Yesterday, Imam Tawhidi tweeted about his friend who was beaten to death by the Basij Militia of Iran over his anti-terrorist views:My friend Ali Yazdanshenas has passed away yesterday after being beaten to death by the Basij militia of Iran for his anti-terrorist views. pic.twitter.com/E04FJFcPyX  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 30, 2017However, there is a barrier preventing Australian elites from supporting this maverick cleric, and that is that he does not follow the liberal narrative. Instead of simply condemning obscene teachings associated with his religion, Tawhidi demands modification. Rather than apologize for shortcomings within the immigrant community, the Imam has called for immediate action, encouraging a ban on Islamic schools and Islamist organizations like Hizb ut Tahrir. Through this, Tawhidi has even received the endorsement of none other than Ayaan Hirsi Ali   perhaps the most famous anti-Islamist (and Islamic) activist in the world   who has suggested that Tawhidi should be  elevated  to sit amongst and give counsel to politicians and leaders.Tawhidi is, therefore, one of those rare public figures: a reformer who not only denounces elements of Islam but actually seeks to restructure its teachings and interpretations. However, in the current global environment, the courage to promote such ideas inevitably leads to danger; the threat of violence is so present that Tawhidi has been forced to implement constant security measures in both his professional and private life.  The Spectator One might believe that a courageous person like Imam Tawhidi would be a valuable ally to America in their efforts to defeat radical Islam in the United States.  Based on the Imam s tweets, following the terror attack by a  diversity visa  holder in NYC, it appears that Mayor DeBlasio didn t find his warnings to be useful.Imam Tawhidi claims he personally sent letters to Mayor DeBlasio, and that he  did nothing. About #NYC terrorist attack, I personally sent letters to Mayor De Blasio online & in person about terrorist breeding in NYC.He did nothing.  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017Tawidi then tweeted that after warning DeBlasio about  hot radical centers  in NYC, he was  Ignored! In 2016, I told Mayor De Blasio that I was in NYC and noticed some hot radical centres. I was willing to point out serious cases. Ignored!  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017Imam Tawhidi explained that he s not some crackpot Imam trying to get attention, he actually holds a certificate in counter-terrorism.Not only am I a Muslim Imam who understands the threat of Islamic Extremism, I also hold a certificate in counter-terrorism. Now what!?  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017Tawhidi really blasted DeBlasio and all of the wasted energy he expends on trying to bring down President Trump and not Islamic Extremists.Fact: In the last two years, De Blasio spent all his energy and resources in trying to bring down President Trump and not Islamic Extremists  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017Imam Tawhidi went on to slam the Mayor DeBlasio of NYC and Mayor Sadiq Kahn of London who offered NYC his condolences after the terror attack:London stands in grief and solidarity with the great city of New York tonight. pic.twitter.com/ojrxSDnZos  Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) October 31, 2017Here is Tawhidi s reply:De Blasio griefs about London and you grief about NYC. How about you both swap positions since you don t really care about your own people!? https://t.co/0yqTprAbdw  Imam Tawhidi (@Imamofpeace) October 31, 2017Spectator   It was during this overseas study, in 2014, that Tawhidi saw it as his duty to speak out against the questionable elements enshrined in his religion. On a sunny day in the Iraqi city of Karbala, Tawhidi was standing outside a mosque when, within earshot, a bomb exploded. As crowds ran from the scene and emergency crews rushed to help the survivors, the speakers of the mosque announced to the street below that Islamic State forces had invaded Mosul. If ever there was a time to speak out against Islamist terrorism, it was then.However, Tawhidi s campaigning has attracted many critics within the Islamic community itself. Calling for the closure of Islamic schools is bound to court controversy, but it is his contention that Islamic teachings are the causal link to Islamist terrorist acts that seems to really rile community leaders. Following the Manchester bombing, Tawhidi appeared in a fiery TV exchange with Dr. Jamal Rifi, imploring his fellow guest to acknowledge that the Islamic holy scripture  teach(es) the beheading of people .Perhaps Tawhidi is just the kind of person America, and the know-it-all liberals in European nations, who are being overrun by Islamic extremists posing as immigrants, need to be listening to, and perhaps next time, they might want to consider taking his warnings seriously ",0
17718,CNN’s Jake Tapper Calls Allahu Akbar ‘Beautiful’ A Few Minutes After NYC Terror Attack [Video],"This is how the left thinks. Just a few minutes after a terrorist murdered people in NYC, Jake Tapper chose the worst timing ever to weigh in on his thoughts about  Allahu Akbar  CNN anchor Jake Tapper called the Islamic phrase Allahu Akbar  beautiful  minutes after reports of a terrorist attack in New York City, Tuesday on  The Lead. Tapper was interviewing CNN s crime and justice reporter Shimon Prokupecz when he chimed in to give his opinion on the nature of the terrorist chant. The Arabic chant Allahu Akbar, God is great   sometimes said under the most beautiful of circumstances and too often we hear of it being said in moments like this,  Tapper said.Jake Tapper: ""Allahu Akbar is sometimes said under the most beautiful of circumstances"". Our media has failed us. pic.twitter.com/mkblSjis0R  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) November 1, 2017We ve watched the news media tiptoe around Islam for so long. It s really sickening to watch. Fox News is guilty of it too Martha MacCallum tweeted shortly after the attack that the terrorist said  God is great Um, no! He did not say that! The pc crowd is determined to smooth this over If you are on twitter, please respond to Martha to tell her he did not say  God is great C mon Martha! We know better!BREAKING: LIKELY VEHICULAR TERRORIST ATTACK NYC. DRIVER YELLS ""GOD IS GREAT"" Video of man w/mask & gun. him on scene. He is alive.  Martha MacCallum (@marthamaccallum) October 31, 2017Then we have NBC and CNN calling the Islamic terror attack a  truck incident . They even continued after the  incident  was determined to be a terror attack!UPDATE: At least 8 killed in lower Manhattan truck incident  NBC News (@NBCNews) October 31, 2017We have to call the press and our politicians out on this effort to sanitize this horrible attack. This man is an animal OUR REPORT ON THE ATTACK SAYS IT ALL:THIS IS A DEVELOPING A STORY THAT WILL BE UPDATED: Terrorism has hit Lower Manhattan again Eight dead and 15 injured after a terrorist ran over pedestrians in Lower Manhattan today. Horrible!A man in a rented Home Depot truck ( rented in NJ) ran over people on the bike path in Lower Manhattan but was stopped by a bus full of disabled children.  The terrorist then got out of the truck and started running around with a paintball gun and a pellet gun in each hand pointing at bystanders (see video below).One witness wrote on Twitter,  Jesus! A car just ran over two people and then crashed into a school bus. I see two dead bodies and Citibikes on the floor destroyed. The terrorist ran around with fake guns:The New York Police Department reported: The suspect had an imitation firearm and was shot by the police, although it appears the suspect survived that shooting.  The vehicle struck multiple people on the path. There are several fatalities and numerous people injured,  the NYPD wrote.  The vehicle continued south striking another vehicle. The suspect exited the vehicle displaying imitation firearms & was shot by NYPD. The suspect is in custody.BREAKING: Eyewitness Video Appears To Show Suspect In Deadly Manhattan Attack pic.twitter.com/hkHJidG40s  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) October 31, 2017America has fallen asleep again we are victims of our pc culture. Being honest and telling the truth about radical Islamic extremism will only help us prevent something like this. We MUST begin to address it and NOT tiptoe around it.PLEASE PRAY FOR THESE INNOCENT AMERICANS:WATCH: Witness describes incident in Manhattan: ""I saw a truck   a white pick-up truck   going down the bicycle lane & running people over"" pic.twitter.com/ZRVoOiariH  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) October 31, 2017A YELLOW BUS FILLED WITH DISABLED CHILDREN WAS HIT BY THE TRUCK:UPDATE: According to eyewitness the yellow bus intentionally blocked the pickup truck in order to avoid more havoc. pic.twitter.com/9tnZE2hBmj  News_Executive (@News_Executive) October 31, 2017SNAP MAPS:Incredible how quickly footage of something like the reported shooting in lower Manhattan surfaces on Snap Maps pic.twitter.com/yZSQS66DW2  Damon Beres   (@dlberes) October 31, 2017",0
17719,JUST IN: NYC TERRORIST Allegedly Entered U.S. On NY Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer’s ‘DIVERSITY VISA” Program,"Mark Levin dropped a bombshell on his show tonight about the Muslim terrorist who killed 9 people in Manhattan and injured dozens.  The Diversity VISA program was given the green light by none other than New York Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer... Mark Levin; NYC muslim terrorist came to US under  Diversity VISA Program    a bizarre lottery to shove more foreigners down our throats  Deplorable MD   (@MDDeplorable) October 31, 2017According to ABC 7:Authorities say he came to the United States seven years ago from Uzbekistan under what is called the Diversity Visa Program, which offers a lottery for people from countries with few immigrants in America.DIVERSITY LOTTERYOn May 1, 2017, the Washington Post wrote an article designed to criticize President Trump, as millions were concerned that this could be the last year of the  Diversity Lottery .According to the Washington Post, the lottery s premise is simple. Each year, the Diversity Visa Lottery, as it is officially known, provides up to 50,000 randomly selected foreigners   fewer than 1 percent of those who enter the drawing   with permanent residency in the United States.It s not connected to employment or family members in the United States. The only requirement is that entrants be adults with a high school diploma or two years of work experience. Winners can bring spouses and children. Citizens of countries that have sent 50,000 people to the United States in the past five years   such as Canada, China, India, Nigeria and Mexico   are ineligible to participate.The current lottery coincides with an intense debate over immigration and comes amid policy changes that have made the country less welcoming to new arrivals. President Trump has cracked down on illegal immigration and pressed forward with plans to build a wall along the border with Mexico. He has issued executive orders targeting foreign workers, refugees and travelers from certain majority-Muslim countries.But he hasn t said a word about the green-card lottery.Its days may be numbered, nonetheless. The lottery appears to conflict with the president s call for a  merit-based  immigration system. And at least two bills in the Republican-controlled Congress seek to eliminate the program. The Diversity Lottery is plagued with fraud, advances no economic or humanitarian interest, and does not even deliver the diversity of its namesake,  according to a news release from Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), a co-sponsor of one of the bills.The program   operated from a consular center in Williamsburg, Ky.   has been on the chopping block before. It came under attack in 2002 after an Egyptian terrorist who killed two people in Los Angeles was found to be in the United States through his wife s diversity visa. Mohamed Atta, another Egyptian and one of the 9/11 suicide pilots, had entered the lottery twice before entering the United States on a different visa to study aviation. If you re a terrorist organization and you can get a few hundred people to apply to this from several countries . . . odds are you d get one or two of them picked,  Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) told The Washington Post in 2011 after introducing an ill-fated bill to kill the program.State Department officials insist that lottery winners are vetted just as thoroughly as other potential immigrants to the United States.Here s how the  Diversity  Immigrant VISA program works:Twitter responded to the idiocy of the  diversity  visa program:Muslim terrorist slaughters 8 in NYC today. Wait for it, wait for it here on a diversity visa. Thank you, libtards  Wayne's World (@WayneSense) November 1, 2017",0
17720,WOW! LATINO GROUP Aired TERROR-LIKE TV Ad Only Days Ago Showing White Man Threatening To Plow Down Muslim and Minority Kids With Truck [VIDEO],"When supporters of the Democrat Party start using ads that appear to be inspired by Islamic acts of terror, you know they are not the party your parents and grandparents supported, and they re certainly not the party that most Americans want to be affiliated with. When the Latino Victory group released a disgusting video (see below) a couple of days ago, many thought that it was made to resemble terror attacks that have become all too common in European nations. Sadly, today, that concept of using a truck as a weapon to kill innocent people became a reality in New York City, as an Islamic terrorist driver used a rented Home Depot truck as a weapon to kill 9 innocent people and to injure dozens more.Note to Democrats: Creating a terror-inspired ad with a man chasing down innocent kids in a truck through their neighborhood is not funny, and it s definitely not a clever way to get people to vote for your candidate. According to FOX News   Democratic candidate for Virginia governor Ralph Northam is not distancing himself from the controversial ad suggesting supporters of Republican candidate Ed Gillespie are seen as Confederates who attack minority children.The new opposition ad titled  American Nightmare  was released Monday by Democratic group Latino Victory Fund (LVF) and is scheduled to run through Election Day. The opposition ad shows minority children seemingly being chased by a driver in a pickup truck, decked out with a Confederate flag, a  Gillespie for governor  bumper sticker and a  Don t tread on me  license plate.The driver makes his way toward the scared children who shout,  Run! Run! Run!  when they see the truck. The ad concludes with a scene of a Charlottesville-like rally, with a narrator asking:  Is this what Donald Trump and Ed Gillespie mean by the  American Dream? The Latino Victory group tweeted the video that was so violent, that Twitter has now suspended their account. Here is what their tweet said:Ed Gillespie and Donald Trump promise the American dream, but can only deliver an American nightmare. No more. Vote @RalphNortham. #GameOnVA pic.twitter.com/mwpWXM47HZ  Latino Victory (@latinovictoryus) October 30, 2017Northam s campaign told Fox News Tuesday that the ad was  not shocking  based on Gillespie s campaign. Independent groups are denouncing Ed Gillespie because he has run the most divisive, fear-mongering campaign in modern history,  Northam campaign spokeswoman Ofirah Yheskel said in a statement to Fox News.  It is not shocking that communities of color are scared of what his Trump-like policy positions mean for them. But Gillespie said the ad was  an attack on  his  supporters,  whom he calls  good decent hardworking Virginians who love their neighbors. - FOX NewsMaking an ad that depicts a white man with a confederate flag flying from his pick-up truck, sporting an Ed Gillespie (Republican candidate for Governor) bumper sticker on the back, chasing minority kids around their neighborhood is not only sick, it is hateful and divisive. It s ironic that the end of the ad, the words  REJECT HATE  are flashed across the screen with a message asking,  Is this what Donald Trump and Ed Gillespie mean by  The American dream ? ",0
17721,HARVEY WEINSTEIN RAPE ACCUSER Has Warrant Issued For Her Arrest…Coincidence?,"Was the first actress who outed accused rapist and serial sexual abuser Harvey Weinstein targeted for ratting out the Hollywood kingpin producer or is this simply a case of another Hollywood liberal who believes she s above the law and can t believe she is actually going to be charged with felony drug possession? Aren t felony drug possessions supposed to be for the little people who pay to watch Hollywood actors perform? While her past history with Weinstein is horrific, the anti-Trump feminist is not above-the-law. This image of liberal activist and actress Rose McGowan was tweeted by the pro-abortion group Emily s List on Twitter:An arrest warrant for felony possession of a controlled substance has been issued for actress Rose McGowan, who is one of dozens of women who accused Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct.The felony charge stems from a police investigation of personal belongings left behind on a United flight arriving at Washington Dulles International Airport on January 20.Police say the items tested positive for narcotics, but they did not reveal what type of drugs they were. The Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority Police Department obtained the warrant on February 1.Police say they ve attempted to contact McGowan so she can appear in a Loudoun County, Virginia, court.The warrant has been entered into a national law enforcement database.McGowan had not released a statement regarding the warrant as of Monday night.But she simply tweeted  FACT  early Tuesday morning in a retweet suggesting that if she had  taken the million dollars in hush money  from Weinstein, the warrant would not have been issued and not been a news story.McGowan retweeted Ashlee Marie Preston  who wrote:  If @rosemcgowan would have taken that million dollars in hush money I m quite sure this wouldn t even be a headline The 44-year-old actress also tweeted earlier on Monday claiming that there was a warrant for her arrest, but police would not confirm the details at the time. Are they trying to silence me? There is a warrant out for my arrest in Virginia. What a load of HORSES**T.,  she tweeted.Read more: Daily Mail ",0
17722,WATCH: ACTOR Who Was DRAGGED OFF Jimmy Kimmel Show By Security For Groping Ivanka Trump Is FIRED From Movie For Sexual Harassment Claims,"When  comedian  Andy Dick repeatedly slid his hands up and down Ivanka Trump s legs during her interview with Jimmy Kimmel, his liberal audience laughed. To Kimmel s credit, (and believe me, we don t give Kimmel credit for much of anything) after seeing Ivanka becoming flustered by his inappropriate behavior, Kimmel got fed up with the actions of his guest host and actually asked to have him removed from the stage by security. It s hard to say if the whole security guard entrance was a set-up for comedic purposes, but in any event, Kimmel did make the point that he was standing up for Ivanka, and refused to sit back and watch Andy Dick make uncomfortable and unwanted advances on her.Watch:Kimmel was, of course, quick to defend Trump s daughter on his show. But that was during the pre-Obama era of 2007 when Jimmy Kimmel and all of Hollywood loved Donald Trump. Who could ve possibly imagined that only 9 years later, Trump would betray the liberal Democrat cesspool of Hollywood, and put his passion for defending the forgotten man, or the everyday American before the false idols of liberal Hollywood?As Hollywood continues its implosion  it looks like Andy Dick s chickens are finally coming home to roost.Hollywood Reporter   Though the 51-year-old actor denies he groped anyone, he does admit to other inappropriate behavior:  I might have kissed somebody on the cheek to say goodbye and then licked them. That s my thing.  Andy Dick has been dropped from the independent feature film Raising Buchanan following accusations of sexual harassment and misconduct on set.The Hollywood Reporter was not able to reach any of the alleged victims, however, two sources detailed Dick s inappropriate behavior, which included groping people s genitals, unwanted kissing/licking and sexual propositions of at least four members of the production. It s unclear if those involved were actors or crew.Late Monday, THR spoke to Dick, who confirmed he was let go from his small role in the film. Though he vehemently denied groping claims, he said it s possible that he licked people and he confirmed that he did make advances on others.To anyone who has followed Dick s legal troubles, his well-documented history of outlandish comedy and often intentionally offensive behavior, his dismissal may not come as a surprise. But the claims can be seen as more unsettling in today s cultural climate in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal. (Or ousted figures like Bill O Reilly, Amazon Studios  Roy Price, political journalist Mark Halperin, The Loud House creator Chris Savino, and the list goes on.)Dick said he s aware of his reputation. At first, he made light of the situation, joking that  my middle name is  misconduct.  They know what they signed up for.  However, he followed up with a denial that he ever groped anyone on set. I don t grope people anymore. I don t expose myself anymore,  he said by telephone. (Also well-documented is his history of exposing his genitals in public and on stage.)  I do understand that the temperature in the world right now is delicate. Kimmel recently claimed that he would  go easy  on the accused rapist and serial sexual predator Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein while hosting the Academy Awards show in 2018. FOX News   Jimmy Kimmel intends to deliver some sly wisecracks about disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein when he hosts next year s Oscars   but he ll tread warily given that victims of the accused sexual predator may be vying for the gold-plated awards. It s not really a laughing matter,  the  Jimmy Kimmel Live!  host says about the rape and sexual assault allegations pouring out against Weinstein in New York magazine out Monday.Hollywood.com caught up with Kimmel after Dick was dragged off the stage by security with Kimmel s assistance. Here s what Kimmel had to say:Talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel has spoken out about his decision to carry unruly guest Andy Dick off his show on Friday night, confessing the wacky funnyman always makes him  uncomfortable. Kimmel called security and helped them physically remove Dick from his show sofa after the comic started making unwanted advances toward fellow guest Ivanka Trump.The host says,  Andy did a segment, he was a little out of it. (When) she (Ivanka) came out, he wanted a big, wet kiss. It was time for Andy to go, so I escorted him out by his feet. But Kimmel has spoken to Dick since the Jimmy Kimmel Live incident, and he insists the comic is far from upset about his rude exit.Kimmel adds,  He s Andy. He s not upset. He s not apologetic. He s just nutty. ",0
17723,WHY PAUL MANAFORT Indictment Is Bad News For Dirty Cop Robert Mueller,"This summarization by Peter Flaherty, President of the National Legal and Policy Center, of why the indictment of Paul Manafort actually exposes the truth about the dirty dealings of special prosecutor Robert Mueller, is brilliant and is a must-read for anyone who cares to see what s really going on behind the curtain.Daily Caller   More than anything else, the indictments of Paul Manafort and his partner Rick Gates demonstrate the fraudulent nature of Special Counsel Robert Mueller s investigation. The probe has little to do with Russian interference in last year s election. Instead, it is calculated to protect Mueller and a cabal within the FBI and Justice Department who covered up crimes by Hillary Clinton because they believed it was likely that she would be elected president.And once Mueller and then his friend and successor James Comey covered for Hillary, they had to keep covering. There was a reason that Mueller was so available when he was so swiftly appointed Special Counsel in May by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. The Comey firing threatened to expose all that these same officials had swept under the rug. Yes, Rosenstein bit the bullet and drafted the memo that was the legal basis for firing Comey, but it would be followed by appointing Mueller.In July, Comey preemptively exonerated Hillary despite her maintenance of a private email server and mishandling of classified material. By accusing her of being  extremely careless,  he purposely distracted attention from the context of the emails. Hillary and Bill Clinton operated an aggressive shakedown operation of domestic and foreign interests, many of which are unsavory and criminal. Concealing the true nature of the operation was at least part of the Clintons  motivation for the private server.The outlines of the Uranium One deal were not a secret. Media outlets like the New York Times reported on the U.S. government approval of a partial sale of the Canadian mining company to Rosatom, a Russian firm, while those who benefitted donated to the Clinton Foundation and paid Bill Clinton $500,000 for a single speech in Moscow.Then came more detailed reports about how the FBI cracked the case of a major Russian effort to penetrate the North American uranium industry through a host of illegal activities, but somehow the whole matter was slow-walked and kept from U.S. government officials who had to approve the Uranium One deal. Mueller and Comey ultimately supervised the probe.Meanwhile, the FBI s email investigation was supervised by now-FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, who has significant connections to the Clintons through his wife Jill McCabe. Hillary headlined a fundraiser for a group supporting Jill McCabe s campaign for the Virginia state senate, as first reported in the Wall Street Journal. The National Legal and Policy Center subsequently exposed more Clintonista support, including from then-Clinton Foundation operative Doug Band who wrote a personal check for $50,000.The plot thickened last week when the bombshell hit that it was Hillary s campaign and the Democratic National Committee that paid for the Fusion GPS dossier. Reporters were chagrined to realize that they had been lied to repeatedly for months and months. Hillary now claims that the first she heard of it was when the dossier memo was printed by BuzzFeed in January, a likely lie. As long as this  what did Hillary know and when did Hillary know it  question is of no interest to Mueller, his investigation has no credibility whatsoever. But therein lies the dilemma for Mueller. A real probe of Hillary would mean a review of his own actions and those of his colleagues. He s cornered.Mueller s strategy is clear. He has to rescue himself, Comey, McCabe, Rosenstein and others from their complicity in Hillary s dealings with the Russians. Mueller is creating a diversion by going after Manafort, the lowest of low-hanging fruit. Just about any inquiry into Manafort s dealings over the years was sure to yield results.The left and the leftist media are apoplectic over the possibility that they finally have Trump in their crosshairs. The problem is after the media smoke has cleared, the truth is revealed about the Manafort indictment, and the facts point to President Trump having nothing to do with it. Democrats would love nothing more than to see President Trump fire special prosecutor Robert Mueller, as it would prove that he was guilty of the Trump-Russian narrative the Democrats and their allies in the media have been pushing since the night he soundly defeated Hillary Clinton in the election upset of the century. Watch Jay Sekulow explain to rabid CNN host Wolf Blitzer that Trump has nothing to do with either the announcement of the  indictments of Paul Manafort or campaign volunteer George Papadopoulos: ",0
17724,"SEAN HANNITY BLASTS FAKE TRUMP-RUSSIA Collusion Narrative: “Is this all Mueller has? Because if it is, it’s PATHETIC” [VIDEO]","During his Fox News show tonight, Sean Hannity went off on the unequal justice in the Mueller indictment of Paul Manafort and phony Trump-Russia collusion narrative. Hannity reminded his audience that none of the charges that have been levied against Manafort have anything whatsoever to do with Trump-Russian collusion. He reminded his viewers that the financial issues Mueller s team was looking at were between the years of 2008-2014.So in other words, nothing of the Paul Manfort indictment had anything to do with the Trump campaign or Donald Trump. Is this all Mueller has? Because, if it is, it s pathetic. Another day, another example, after a year of speculation. No evidence of any collusion between President Trump and Russia.Sean goes on to remind his viewers that the Grand Jury was empaneled in Washington DC, one of the most liberal cities in America, where over 90% of the people there voted for Hillary Clinton.Watch:.@seanhannity on Manafort indictment: ""Is this all Mueller has? Because if it is, it's pathetic."" #Hannity https://t.co/RW3GsNSXP3 pic.twitter.com/pXNOGVlsd9  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 31, 2017Newt Gingrich was a guest on the Sean Hannity show tonight, where he shared his thoughts on the Mueller investigation of Paul Manafort. Gingrich pointed out the same thing that Sean said, there is an  out of control prosecutor, who was supposed to be looking into Russian collusion . Gingrich went on to explain how the most  grotesque abuse of power  was used by Mueller to threaten and intimidated Paul Manafort.Watch:.@newtgingrich on Mueller investigation: ""You have an out-of-control prosecutor."" #Hannity https://t.co/RW3GsOazdD pic.twitter.com/qs8hRFGPjR  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 31, 2017",0
17725,JUST IN: Benghazi Attack Organizer On Way To U.S. After Being Captured In Libya In President Trump Approved Special Ops Mission,"Remember when Hillary stood in front of the families and the 4 dead bodies of brave Americans and lied about  an awful internet video  being the cause of their deaths:Hillary was caught red-handed lying about the  video  by Rep. Jim Jordon (R-OH) in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi during her testimony:Will today s capture of a top militant who was instrumental in the Benghazi attack finally solve the puzzle about what happened in Benghazi? Will the lies of Hillary and Barack Obama finally be exposed? American Military News   U.S. Special Operations Forces have captured a top militant who was  instrumental  in the Benghazi attack in Libya in 2012 that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, an information management officer, and two former Navy SEALs, according to a report by the Associated Press.The Associated Press reported Monday that Special Operations Forces have captured the unidentified militant and are transporting the militant back to the U.S. The officials say U.S. commandos captured the unidentified man in Libya and are transporting him back to the U.S. The officials say the mission was approved by President Donald Trump and done in coordination with Libya s internationally recognized government,  the AP reported, adding that the officials  weren t authorized to speak  and  demanded anonymity. The U.S. Ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens; U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith; and CIA contractors Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty, both former Navy SEALs, were killed in the attacks against the diplomatic compound five years ago.",0
17726,VIDEO SURFACES OF DISGRACED Alleged Pedophile Kevin Spacey Laughing About Killing Trump,"Earlier today, it was reported by TMZ that an adult actor has revealed that Academy award-winning actor and House of Cards star, Kevin Spacey attempted to sexually assault him when he was 14-years-old and Spacey was 26-years-old.From Spacey s tweet: I honestly do not remember the encounter, it would have been over 30 years ago. But if I did behave then as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years. Spacey s remarks were not well received in either the gay or straight community.The smug anti-Trump actor once told CNN s Dana Bash that his role as President of the United States on the House of Cards T show would have killed Donald Trump before the election. Spacey then went on to mock the President calling him a  reality President.  Based on the recent allegations against Spacey, we re thinking he wishes he could trade past s with Donald Trump today.Watch:Netflix has just announced that they are canceling the 6th season of House of Cards. Media Rights Capital and Netflix are deeply troubled by last night s news concerning Kevin Spacey,  the companies said in a joint statement today.  In response to last night s revelations, executives from both of our companies arrived in Baltimore this afternoon to meet with our cast and crew to ensure that they continue to feel safe and supported. As previously scheduled, Kevin Spacey is not working on set at this time. ",0
17727,BOOM! SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS Sets Media Straight On Difference Between Trump Volunteer’s Meeting and Clinton-DNC Paying Millions For Fake Russian Dossier,"Daily Caller   The revelation on Monday that former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos has plead guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russian operatives thrust the little-known energy consultant into the national spotlight.Few details have been reported about the 30-year-old Papadopoulos, including how he ended up on the Trump campaign.Gateway Pundit reports that Papadopoulos was a volunteer whose repeated attempts to set up meetings between Trump s camp and Russians were outright rejected.The Washington Post reported back in August that Papadopoulos attempted to set up several meetings with Russia and all were rejected by Trump s camp.Watch Sarah Huckabee Sanders break down the difference between a Trump volunteer and Hillary and the DNC, who all of a sudden seems to have a renewed interest in Russian collusion again, after ignoring the bombshell revelation that Hillary and the DNC paid millions of dollars to create a phony Trump-Russia dossier. Sanders tells CBS News  Major Garrett,  The big difference here is you have a meeting that took place versus millions of dollars being sent to create fake information to actually influence the election. You compare those two, those are apples and oranges.What the Clinton campaign did, what the DNC did, was actually exchange money. They took a meeting. Those are far different. And one is pretty common practice in any campaign   to take a meeting. The other one is actually paying money for false information. That s a big deal and a big difference. Sarah Sanders doing what she does best  making a mockery of Obama's stenographers aka the imbeciles in the WH press corps.#MuellerMonday pic.twitter.com/yaEDNwHgcW  HailToTheCovfefe  (@MichelleRMed) October 30, 2017Sanders went on to say there is nothing in the indictment today changes nothing, and that The real collusion has everything to do with the Clinton campaign. Sarah Sanders: ""The real collusion has everything to do with the Clinton campaign."" pic.twitter.com/Og4ibRAeHC  Axios (@axios) October 30, 2017Sanders best line of the day was when she told rabid, anti-Trump, nut-job Jim Acosta of CNN to  finish your monologue. Love the bit where Sarah Sanders sez to @Acosta, ""Oh, finish your monologue "" on VOLUNTEER George Papadopoulos!  https://t.co/3e4ggYXhfA  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) October 30, 2017The adviser, George Papadopoulos, offered to set up  a meeting between us and the Russian leadership to discuss US-Russia ties under President Trump,  telling them his Russian contacts welcomed the opportunity, according to internal campaign emails read to The Washington Post.The proposal sent a ripple of concern through campaign headquarters in Trump Tower. Campaign co-chairman Sam Clovis wrote that he thought NATO allies should be consulted before any plans were made. Another Trump adviser, retired Navy Rear Adm. Charles Kubic, cited legal concerns, including a possible violation of U.S. sanctions against Russia and of the Logan Act, which prohibits U.S. citizens from unauthorized negotiation with foreign governments.The NY Daily News even reported that Manafort put the kibosh on the Russia meetings as well. We need someone to communicate that DT is not doing these trips,  Manafort told his business partner Rick Gates, an account his spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed to the Daily News Monday evening.The Gateway Pundit also reported that Papadopoulos was looking for a book deal just a few weeks ago.According to a screen shot of Papadopoulos s Facebook page tweeted by Guardian UK reporter Jon Swaine, the former aide sought book publisher recommendations three weeks ago. Interested in meeting with a prominent publisher. Recommendations welcome,   wrote Papadopoulos.Meanwhile Hillary s camp paid MILLIONS of dollars for a Russian dossier, a fraudulent document that most likely prompted a FISA warrant and ultimately led to the unmasking of Trump and his associates. ",0
17728,"PRO-TRUMP GOP Senate Candidate Turns Tables On Liberal Rag, The Boston Globe…Calls Them “The White Supremacist” For Omitting His Name From GOP Candidates Running against FAKE Indian Elizabeth Warren","On October 25, 2017, the liberal Boston Globe ran an article that featured 3 GOP candidates who plan to challenge fake Indian Elizabeth Warren for her Senate seat in 2018. There s only one major problem with the article  Many people have no clue who these 3 candidates are, but they do know who the pro-Trump, conservative candidate Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai is.Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai made a name for himself long before he announced his run against the liberal, lying, darling of the left Senator Elizabeth Warren.On February 25, 2017, Dr. Ayyadurai announced his candidacy for the GOP Senate nomination in Massachusetts:Today, ShivaRatri, when Light overcame Darkness, we launched my campaign for US SENATE against @SenWarren. Defend the American Dream!  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017Time to take fight right into the belly of the beast in MA, the epi-center of Fake News, Fake History & Fake Science! @nntaleb @Cernovich  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai is a conservative, a successful businessman, an ardent supporter of President Trump, and is best known for his invention of the email when he was only 14-years-old. Recently, Elizabeth Warren came under fire, after she was caught by the Boston Herald for making up allegations of sexual misconduct by a Harvard professor, where Warren worked after lying on her application, claiming Native American heritage, to place herself in line in front of other applicants for the job.Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai made national news when mocked Warren by sending her a DNA kit for her birthday, saying it was a gift from a  real Indian  to a  fake Indian .I'm deeply saddened @SenWarren refused my thoughtful (gift-wrapped) Birthday Gift: the 23&me DNA Test Kit. Most unfortunate! #FakeIndian pic.twitter.com/BI7F20wDW8  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) July 2, 2017Curiously, even after all of the news Ayyadurai made with his  gift  to Warren, and considering his impressive accomplishments as a private citizen thus far, the same Boston Globe writer, Jim O Sullivan who wrote a hit piece on Dr. Ayyadurai in August of 2017, seems to have forgotten to include Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai, in his piece written only two months later, on October 25, 2017, about 3 of Elizabeth Warren s GOP challengers in the upcoming senate race.Now look at this in ""liberal"" @BostonGlobe. The ""darkie"" candidate Shiva doesn't exist. THEY are THE White Supremacist. @DineshDSouza pic.twitter.com/clX3vGyoRb  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) October 30, 2017He s the inventor of email and polymath, holds four degrees from MIT, is a world-renowned systems scientist, inventor, and entrepreneur. Yet, somehow, the same Boston Globe writer, Jim O Sullivan, who clearly knew Ayyadurai was running against Warren way back on August 14, 2017, when he wrote a hit piece on him for daring to speak in defense of  free speech  rally in Boston, neglected to mention that Ayyadurai is one of the GOP candidates running against Warren.The Boston Globe got slammed on Twitter for their obvious omission of the brilliant and badass GOP Senate hopeful:Why doesn't @BostonGlobe like brown people? Maybe they only like faux Indians.  Robin McWilliams (@Queen0fcups) October 30, 2017I am appalled! VA Shiva announced his candidacy long ago! The Globe is well aware of it!  marie (@singsandsews) October 30, 2017Here s Dr. Ayyadurai addressing the graduates that leftist Harvard University educates, that go on to become the  Swamp  of Washington D.C.:Cambridge Team Shiva 4 Senate   Live in Harvard Square https://t.co/MASgHbNkeq  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) October 29, 2017From Ayyadurai s website about who he is and why he s running for Senate:I am running for United States Senate from Massachusetts to be a 21st century Senator. We stand at the crossroads where we can either head into a Golden Age or into the Darkness. Incredible innovation and solutions, which have been created by everyday Americans, already exist for energy, education, health, affordable housing and much more. What stands in the way are the old guard of career politicians, political hacks, lawyer-lobbyists and academics who pervade Washington and local government with corruption and crony capitalism that chokes and suffocates these innovations and solutions from reaching us. America becomes great when innovators, entrepreneurs, working people with skills and those committed to using common sense and reason run this country. The Founders of America were blacksmiths, engineers, soldiers, architects, entrepreneurs, scientists   they actually worked for a living and produced through their labor, products, and services to help other citizens.I stand before you as someone who is a personification of the American Dream. My parents and I left the caste system of India in 1970 where we were considered low caste  Untouchables  and  Deplorables . We first settled in Paterson, NJ and I went through the public school system where I was fortunate to have come across incredibly dedicated teachers, coaches and mentors.Feel free to DONATE to Dr. Shiva Ayyardurai s campaign HERE.",0
17729,HOUSE OF LIES: Pedophilia Allegations Levied Against Anti-Trump Actor Kevin Spacey Who Has Secret History With Bill Clinton,"How should the gay community feel about the Trump-hating actor, and Bill Clinton pal, Kevin Spacey, coming out as a  gay  man, as an excuse or distraction for attempting to molest a 14-year-old boy when he was 26-years -old? Star Trek: Discovery  actor Anthony Rapp claims Kevin Spacey got sexually aggressive toward him when he was only 14 years old, and Spacey has responded by apologizing and coming out as gay.Rapp told BuzzFeed News the incident occurred in 1986   the 2 were both on Broadway at the time. Rapp says Spacey told him he was having a party and invited him.Rapp says he got bored and retreated to the bedroom to watch TV. He said Spacey came in the room and appeared drunk, then  picked me up like a groom picks up the bride over the threshold. But I don t, like, squirm away initially, because I m like,  What s going on?  And then he lays down on top of me. Rapp says Spacey was holding him down as he struggled to get away, adding,  He was trying to seduce me.  He eventually got away and left.Spacey, now 58, responded on social media, saying,  I have a lot of respect and admiration for Anthony Rapp as an actor. I am beyond horrified to hear his story. I honestly do not remember the encounter, it would have been over 30 years ago. But if I did behave as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior  In response to the allegations, Spacey tweeted that he was  beyond horrified to hear [Rapp s] story.   TMZ I honestly do not remember the encounter, it would have been over 30 years ago. But if I did behave then as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years. Here is Kevin Spacey s  Sorry, but I was drunk and I don t remember, but am truly sorry if I acted as a child predator and oh, by the way, I m gay, so can we just make that the news story? [Our summary of the tweet]:pic.twitter.com/X6ybi5atr5  Kevin Spacey (@KevinSpacey) October 30, 2017Here are some of the reactions to Spacey s  Apology/Coming out  tweet:You don't remember the incident but remember being drunk?  Elizaeverafter (@Elizaeverafter) October 30, 2017Dude, you did this to a kid. Screw you.  The Columbia Bugle (@ColumbiaBugle) October 30, 2017These comments praising Kevin Spacey are just disgusting. What is wrong with you people excusing this behavior. WTF  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) October 30, 2017Is everyone on this thread making note of who this person is? CEO of Allied Artists excusing sexual assault of a minor  Lydia Snider (@LydiaSnider) October 30, 2017 In 2008, financier Jeffrey Epstein, whose friends included some of the most powerful people on the planet, was convicted of soliciting an under-age girl for prostitution.Spacey was on board Epstein s private jet with Bill Clinton when it flew from JFK Airport into the Azores before the former President and the actor enjoyed a tour of Africa.According to Fox News, Epstein,  Allegedly had a team of traffickers who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on  Orgy Island,  an estate on Epstein s 72-acre island, called Little St. James, in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Bill Clinton took at least 26 trips on the Lolita Express, a luxury jet fitted out with beds where prominent elitists allegedly had sex with young girls, ditching his Secret Service detail for 5 of those trips.Clinton chose to continue his association with Epstein even after, according to the Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking,  everyone within his inner circles knew was a pedophile. Epstein also reportedly had 21 different phone numbers for Bill Clinton.While there is no evidence to suggest Spacey engaged in criminal activity while on board Epstein s jet, his admission that he sexually assaulted a 14-year-old boy is sure to provoke further questions.ABC Action News   Spacey, who has been famously private about his personal life, said that he now lives as a gay man   which marked the first time the actor has made a public statement about his sexual orientation. This story has encouraged me to address other things about my life,  Spacey said in his tweet. He continued that he has had  relationships with both men and women,  and added,  I have loved and had romantic encounters with men throughout my life, and I choose now to live as a gay man. Is Spacey suggesting that s it s  normal  behavior for all gay men to molest young boys?  Or is the Trump-hating actor attempting to convince people that it s okay for a 26-year-old man to molest a 14-year-old boy if he was drunk, or that if he  already forgotten about it, we should too?So many questions remain, like for instance, will Prince Charles  Un-Knight  the alleged pedophile actor?https://twitter.com/KevinSpacey/status/743590498456088576Spacey took the opportunity to bash Trump while in France at an awards ceremony: Watch Spacey and unhinged Late Show s  Stephen Colbert, who been allowing Donald Trump to live rent-free in his head for well over a year, bash Donald Trump: ",0
17730,"ONE OF The WORST TEAMS In The NFL Will Donate $500,000 To Push For Gun-Control","The San Francisco 49ers weighed in on the national firearms debate Thursday, announcing their $500,000 donation to push for more gun control and a ban on bump stocks.The team is partnering with local and national law enforcement in an effort to create a  safer America,  by banning silencers and and armor piercing rounds, according to ESPN writer Nick Wagoner.A portion of the donation will also fund public service announcements geared towards police brutality and violence.Team owner Jed York was asked about his political views during an interview with reporters and said he was being painted as left-wing for pushing  commonsense  issues. I m not the most left-wing person in the world. I realize people are trying to sort of paint me as that. That s not my background politically and how I grew up,  he said.  A lot of these are commonsense issues. When you actually sit down and talk to people and know where they re coming from, it s hard not to be sympathetic and empathetic. The Niners have started the season 0-7 and are considered one of the worst teams in the league.   Daily Caller",0
17731,DONALD TRUMP JR. Had The Best Reply Ever When He Discovered A Certain Republican Was Planning To Run Again In 2020,"Earlier today, the disgraced former host of MSNBC, Keith Olbermann, tweeted a picture of conservative Tomi Lahren, and admonished her for using the U.S. flag as  apparel . Donald Trump used a screen shot of his tweet and placed it next to a photo of Olbermann wrapped up in an American flag with the flag resting on the ground around him. Trump Jr. s tweet said:  Life is hard; it s even harder when you re stupid.  Trump Jr. s tweet went viral.Life is hard; it s even harder when you re stupid. pic.twitter.com/rpS7svtfvf  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 29, 2017Only a little more than 4 hours later, the New York Post reported that Ohio Gov. John Kasich is plotting his third run for president.The New York Post tweeted:John Kasich is reportedly plotting another run for president https://t.co/4bQnEN3esS pic.twitter.com/FCn1HqF5A6  New York Post (@nypost) October 29, 2017Kasich, who s term in Ohio ends in 2018, has kept a skeletal campaign staff from last year s race and they re helping him decide whether he should pursue a primary run as a Republican or as an Independent in the general election in 2020, the magazine said.He denied he s  plotting  a run, saying  that s just not where my head is right now  during an interview Sunday on  Fox News Sunday. But he told the magazine the Republican Party needs to update its platform. I think we need to be pro-environment,  he told New York for this week s edition.  I think we need to completely redo education.   Look, I loved Ronald Reagan. I met Ronald Reagan. But Reagan was then. Now we gotta move on. A persistent critic of the president s coarse tone, Kasich told the publication that Trump s election and the failure of Republican leaders to publicly condemn his actions is a  momentary lapse of reason. He said he would represent a different viewpoint, insisting he wants to restore  basic principles of caring, of love, of compassion, of connectedness. There has to be a fundamental change, in my opinion, with all of us. I m willing to be part of that. I want my voice to be out there. I want it very, very much,  he said.But criticizing the commander in chief is one thing, launching a Republican challenge to a sitting president is another.Donald Trump Jr., had a simple, but perfect reply that pretty much sums up how most Republicans feel when they think of Governor John Kasich running for President again LOL!LOL   https://t.co/li2EMoreBd  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 29, 2017Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Republican, lashed out at Kasich, saying  His behavior if not that of a regular Republican. He s also been criticized in his home state for being a RINO   Republican in Name Only   after he supported expanding Medicaid, a move that put him at odds with GOP hardliners. ",0
17732,LOL! ANTI-TRUMP ACTORS George Clooney and Matt Damon’s “Suburbicon” Movie TANKS: “One of Paramount Pictures’ worst performing wide-releases ever”,"In fly-over country, and pretty much anywhere in between the east and west coasts of America, people are sick and tired supporting the arrogant, condescending, anti-American, Trump hating,  liberal actors  and Hollywood is finally starting to feel the pain in their pocketbooks. George Clooney s  Suburbicon  notched one of the most dismal wide-release debuts in recent years on a sluggish pre-Halloween weekend where the horror sequel  Jigsaw  topped all releases despite an underperforming debut.Despite debuting on more than 2,000 screens,  Suburbicon  managed just $2.8 million, making it one of Paramount Pictures  worst performing wide-releases ever and marking a new box-office low for Clooney as a director and star Matt Damon. Obviously we are disappointed in these results which we don t feel are indicative of the quality and message of his original movie,  said Kyle Davies, president of distribution for Paramount. liberal activist actors Matt Damon, George Clooney and Julianne MooreAre liberal activist actors Matt Damon, George Clooney and Julianne Moore so blinded by their hate for middle America, that they can t see the audience they re trying to appeal to, has lost their desire to support them and their sub-par movies?Before the election last year, Matt Damon expressed his anxiety over a possible Trump win:  It makes me nervous,  Damon said of the possibility that Trump would win the presidency (which he did via the Electoral College).  It s a binary choice . There s no way we can let this guy be the [president]. To let that dude have the nuclear football, are you kidding me? That s dangerous. He s impulsive and rash, and doesn t seem to think deeply about too many things. Who can forget George Clooney s interview, where he laughed at the idea that Trump would win the election, saying  There s not gonna be a President Donald Trump. That s not gonna happen. Co-star Julianne Moore is no stranger to the Hollywood anti-Trump movement.  The outspoken gun-control advocate shared her thoughts with the Huffington Post on Trump s  nationalistic  rhetoric more specifically. It s a very interesting time,  she said.  I don t know that any society has moved forward by being exclusive and nationalistic and that s what I m seeing Donald Trump doing. I think it s very negative and incredibly detrimental to us as a society. ",0
17733,JUST IN: DALLAS COWBOYS OWNER Jerry Jones Is Leading Effort To Oust NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell,"Make no mistake about it, the NFL needs to show their fans that their players are serious about playing football, or the owners are going to continue to face catastrophic financial losses. The owners didn t hire Goodell to be their social justice director Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones led a conference call with 17 NFL owners on Thursday to discuss the possibility of halting commissioner Roger Goodell s pending contract extension.The owners on Thursday s conference call are unhappy with Goodell and the NFL s front office for a variety of reasons, including the player protests staged during the national anthem, issues regarding the relocation of teams to Los Angeles and the league s handling of the Ray Rice domestic violence case, sources told ESPN. You don t get to have this many messes over the years like Roger has had and survive it,  one owner said during the call.Sources have previously said that Jones has tried to stand in the way of any extension for Goodell.Last month, ESPN reported that Jones was impeding the progress of contract negotiations aimed at an extension for Goodell.  If not for Jerry,  one owner said last month in regard to the contract negotiations,  this deal would be done. The tension between Jones and Goodell is in part credited to the commissioner giving Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott a six-game suspension, which is currently being disputed in court.Another factor in the frustration with Goodell is the controversy surrounding players kneeling during the national anthem.Goodell won t mandate the players stand while Jones is threatening Cowboys onto their feet.Earlier this month, Jones said that any of his players who  disrespect  the flag won t be allowed to play. I know this, we cannot in the NFL in any way give the implication that we tolerate disrespecting the flag,  Jones, also the team s general manager, said after a 35-31 loss to the Green Bay Packers on October 8.The previous week, Jones knelt along with head coach Jason Garrett and all their players in the middle of the field on September 26 in a show of unity before they all stood for the anthem before their 28-17 win over the Arizona Cardinals. Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!  President Trump tweeted.On the other side of the debate, Goodell strongly backed the players and criticized Trump for  an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL. For entire story- Daily Mail ",0
17734,DIRTY COP WHO LEAKED Charges Against Former Trump Campaign Manager To CNN From SEALED Grand Jury Information Is Revealed,"On June 15, 2016, President Trump warned Americans that we were  witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history-led by some very bad and conflicted people! You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history   led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017Boy, was Trump ever correct!GP   Robert Mueller continued with his now widely reported corrupt and criminal activities last night by leaking information sealed by the courts to CNN. This is just another corrupt and criminal act in Mueller s corrupt and criminal career.Last night we found out from information leaked to CNN that the Mueller investigation has filed charges in the ongoing superfluous investigation into President Trump and the far out possibility that he colluded with Russia in the 2016 election. CNN reported that:A federal grand jury in Washington, DC, on Friday approved the first charges in the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller, according to sources briefed on the matter. The charges are still sealed under orders from a federal judge.In typical bad cop form, former FBI Head and current Special Counsel Mueller proved again that he is as dirty as it gets.Trump came out today after the crooked deep-state with these series of tweets:Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?), .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017 the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia, .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017 ""collusion,"" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017 are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017Finally, President Trump insinuates that this phony Russian collusion talk is coming out as a distraction,  when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts and Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT! All of this ""Russia"" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017Mueller s career is littered with numerous investigations of major scandals and likely crimes that he did not meaningfully investigate as FBI Director resulting in no arrests and no consequences. All of these resulted in the Clintons and/or Obama Administration getting away with criminal activities:IRS Targeting (2010-2013): the IRS intentionally selected and then delayed or denied tax-exempt 501(c)(3) applications from conservative groups to prevent them from participating in the 2012 election, followed by IRS agent Lois Lerner invoking her Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. (No charges have been filed of any wrong doing by any government officials in this case.)Fast and Furious (2010): this ATF program, which seems to have served no rational purpose, allowed over 2,000 guns to be purchased illegally inside the United States and then  walked  into Mexico for use by criminals, one of which was later used in the 2010 murder of Border Agent Brian Terry by the member of a Mexican cartelAssociated Press Spying (2012): the Department of Justice illegally seized the communications of AP reporters made during April and May 2012, allowing the DOJ to unmask journalists  confidential sourcesClinton Foundation Pay-for-Play (2009-2013): during the period in which Hillary Clinton held the office of Secretary of State, the Clinton Foundation and Bill Clinton received millions of dollars in paid speaking fees and a million dollar  gift from countries involved in matters with the State Department, many of which had ties to terrorism and human rights abuses; some of these funds were apparently diverted from charitable causes to personal expenses, such as Chelsea Clinton s 2010 wedding.Russian Uranium Deal (2009-2013): Hillary Clinton s State Department approved a deal allowing a Russian company to control 20% of the uranium mining production capacity inside the United States, which was followed by millions of dollars in donations to the Clinton Foundation from people associated with the transaction. This past week information was reported that prior to the Obama administration approving the very controversial deal in 2010 giving Russia 20% of America s Uranium through the approved sale of Uranium One, the FBI had evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were involved in bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering in order to benefit Vladimir Putin, says a report by The Hill. Mueller was the head of the FBI at this time! He was even hand picked by Hillary Clinton to hand over uranium to Russia on an airport tarmac at this time.Clinton Private Email Server (2009-2013): during her entire tenure as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton dodged Freedom of Information Act requirements by using a private email server to conduct official government business, as well as sent and received classified information that was Top Secret over an unsecured system an  extremely reckless  (and obviously illegal) act. Mueller s acceptance of the lead role in the investigation into Russia is another obvious example of his corrupt and criminal tendencies. Based on numerous accounts he has obvious conflicts of interest and even liberal publications like the USA Today have called for Mueller to step down as special prosecutor because of his conflicts of interest with the investigation he is carrying on. Now we know he took over the investigation in spite of his criminal activities in covering up the FBI investigation into Uranium One. A person of integrity would easily have seen his conflicts of interest and would recuse himself.Independent UK   Donald Trump s former campaign Paul Manafort has said he has not been informed of any possible criminal charges against him, after it was reported the first indictments had been filed by the team investigating Russia s alleged meddling in the 2016 election.Reports said a grand jury working with Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller, had approved the first charges to result from the ongoing probe that is looking at possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. The reports, which have not specified what the charges are or who they were filed against, said a suspect could be taken into custody as soon as Monday.CNN, which broke the news, said the charges were filed on Friday and placed under a seal by a federal judge. Yet, that has not stopped a flurry of speculation as to who may be the focus of Mr Mueller s charges and the nature of them. ",0
17735,WATCH: JUDGE JEANINE Is FURIOUS After It’s Revealed That Session Says He Won’t Prosecute Hillary and Cronies: “What Does The President Have To Do To Get Sessions To Do His Job?”,"Former House of Representatives member and Chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Jason Chaffetz (UT-R)  was a guest on the Judge Jeanine show last night. Judge Jeanine started out her segment with Chaffetz talking about how Hillary Clinton and friends keep lying and obfuscating the law. She asked Chaffetz what he could tell her about what s being done, and asked Chaffetz,  What can you do? Chaffetz replied to Judge Jeanine:   Yeah, it s been more than a year now, and the State Department is holding tens of thousands of documents on a case that they claim is closed! And when I met with Attorney General Sessions much like Ron DeSantis did, I basically got a stiff arm. I got an Attorney General that said he would not comply, he wasn t going to do any sort of prosecutions and it s, it s  such a huge difference. When he was a Senator he would have never put up with that. But the deep state is very real. They re pushing back, and we need to do an investigation on this. Judge Jeanine asked if Attorney General Jeff Sessions was  afraid of them? She then went on to ask Chaffetz,  What does a president have to do to get Sessions to do his job? Judge Jeanine also asked Chaffetz,  Should Jeff Sessions should be out?  Chaffetz replied,  Well, I don t know what the case is to keep him in this place, if he s not going to look at the obvious conflicts of interest. Watch: ",0
17736,TREY GOWDY SLAMS Mueller Teams Over Leaks About Charges in Trump-Russia Investigation [Video],"Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy, the leader of the House s top investigative committee, slammed special counsel Robert Mueller on Sunday for allowing the news media to learn that he and his legal team now have charges in their Russia investigation. In the only conversation I ve had with Robert Mueller, I stressed to him the importance of cutting out the leaks,  Gowdy, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, told  Fox News Sunday.   It s kind of ironic that the people charged with investigating the law and the violations of the law would violate the law. Mueller and his team have for roughly the past five months been leading a Justice Department investigation into whether anybody associated with the President Trump s 2016 White House campaign colluded with Russia to influence the election outcome. On Friday night, CNN reported that Mueller s team has filed the first charges in the case with a federal grand jury.IN THE MEAN TIME, TRUMP S LAWYER SAYS THERE S NO WORRY: Donald Trump s lawyer says President Trump is not worried about what his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort or former national security adviser Mike Flynn told special counsel Robert Mueller in his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.Ty Cobb told the New York Times Trump is confident neither Manafort nor Flynn has incriminating information about the president. The president has no concerns in terms of any impact, as to what happens to them, on his campaign or on the White House,  Cobb said.Prosecutors on Mueller s team reportedly warned Manafort to expect an indictment when they raided his Virginia home in July.CNN reported late Friday the first charges have been filed in the Russia investigation and anyone charged could be taken into custody as soon as Monday. It is not known who is being charged in the case. Trump likes and respects Mr. Manafort and appreciates the work he did for him during the three months he was with the campaign. He likes General Flynn personally, but understands that they have their own path with the special counsel,  Cobb said.  I think he would be sad for them, as a friend and a former colleague, if the process results in punishment or indictments. But to the extent that that happens, that s beyond his control. ",0
17737,BREAKING: ONLY MLB Player To Kneel During National Anthem ARRESTED For Pulling Gun On Delivery Woman,"When Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell took a knee during the national anthem before their game against the Texas Rangers, the Oakland Athletics immediately tweeeted out their support for him. To date, Maxwell is the only MLB player who has chosen to disrespect our flag as a way to help BLM push an anti-cop movement.Here is the Oakland A s response to Bruce Maxwell kneeling during our nation s national anthem:pic.twitter.com/EHXwg8Zpax  A's, But Spooky   (@Athletics) September 24, 2017Last week, Maxwell was caught lying about being denied service at a local restaurant after kneeling for the anthem.FOX News   Oakland A s catcher Bruce Maxwell, 26, claimed this week that a waiter in his Alabama hometown of Huntsville refused him service after identifying him as the MLB player who took the knee during  The Star Spangled Banner  last month   only the waiter has a very different version of events and he told Fox News that was far from what went down. He is outright lying. This is really upsetting as he was given full service, I didn t even know who Bruce Maxwell was,  Matt Henry, a 42-year-old waiter at Keegan s Public House, told Fox News.  This all started because I carded his friend who wanted to order a beer. According to Henry, an Alabama native, Maxwell was dining with local Democratic councilman Devyn Keith and another friend who produced an expired ID, and the server refused to serve him a drink   which upset the friend, who followed him into the kitchen. He asked me,  Don t you know who Bruce Maxwell is? , and told me I was making everyone feel uncomfortable. Nobody was even paying attention to them,  Henry claimed. I didn t know anything about him or the kneeling. All I know is a friend of mine 15 years ago lost his job for serving someone a drink who happened to be underage, so if anyone looks under 30, I m going to card them. The waiter said that the councilman then complained to the restaurant s manager about Maxwell being uncomfortable, and the manager simply swapped me to another table, and that it was  no big deal. The restaurant manager on duty that day, Anne Whalen   who requested the restaurant name not be used without permission from the owner   also told Fox News that Maxwell s story being portrayed in the media could not be further from the truth. Matt came to me and told me that a guy wanted a beer but his ID was not valid and I told him he absolutely could not give it to him, we can go to jail for that in the state of Alabama,  the manager said. It was his friend causing all the fuss, none of us even knew who this baseball player was. I told him I had no idea who he was going on about,  she said.  Eventually Matt just asked if we could put another server on the table so I did.   I can t believe the story. Today, it was announced that Maxwell was arrested in Arizona after a food delivery person told authorities that he pointed a gun at her.TMZ  Scottsdale PD tells us Maxwell, 26, was arrested Saturday at 6:08 PM at his Scottsdale, AZ home. Cops say the alleged victim was a female food delivery driver who told them Maxwell pointed a gun at her.It s unclear what led up to the incident.SPD says Maxwell was booked on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and disorderly conduct.Cops say he is in custody and awaiting his initial appearance in front of a judge. ",0
17738,REFS WALK OFF IN PROTEST After High School Players Kneel During Anthem,"TWO PATRIOTS WALK:The officials, Ernie Lunardelli, 54, and his son, Anthony Lunardelli, 27, stood for the anthem and then abruptly left the field after seeing the players kneeling. Their spots on the five-person crew were filled by junior cadet officials at the game, Ernie Lunardelli said. DISRESPECTING OUR COUNTRY I m not in favor of anyone disrespecting our country, our flag, the armed forces,  Ernie Lunardelli told NJ Advance Media Saturday afternoon.  What they re protesting has nothing to do with the national anthem and I m against it, so I decided to protest for them kneeling and that s what I did. Ernie Lunardelli said weeks ago he informed the officials assigner for the Greater Middlesex Conference, Thomas Paulikas, that he would walk off the field if any players knelt for the anthem before his games.BEST COMMENT OF THE WEEK: Whoever is disrespecting that flag and the national anthem, that s who I have a problem with,  Lunardelli said.  That s my protest. I don t care if it s a baby, if it s an 80-year-old man, anybody. I don t care. Any race, color, I don t care who it is. It s not the way I was brought up and it pisses me off that people are doing that. PUNISHED FOR RESPECTING OUR COUNTRY:Lunardelli, meanwhile, said he and his son were unassigned from working Saturday s game between Spotswood and Raritan.After Lunardelli and his son left, they were replaced by two cadets who were already assigned to work on the chain crew for the game. Lunardelli alleged Saturday the game is not official because the cadets did not have proper certification or training. That game should not count now because they did not have the right personnel on the field,  Lunardelli said.  These kids weren t officially carded and trained, so they re putting the kids in jeopardy, I m not. Monroe athletic director Greg Beyer declined comment when reached by phone Saturday. State officials assigner Carmine Picardo also declined to discuss the situation, saying he  did not know what could happen  based on the protest by the Lunardellis.Colts Neck went on to defeat Monroe, 18-13.Read more: NJ.comALL IS NOT LOST:THIS NEW JERSEY HIGH SCHOOL HAS THE RIGHT IDEA:While some players choose to disrespect our national anthem, several New Jersey high school football programs are honoring those who protect and serve.St. Joseph High School held its second annual Military, Police and Fireman Appreciation Day in September:The event, which former St. Joseph head coach Casey Ransone initiated with tremendous success last season, includes a pregame ceremony and complementary tailgate for the honorees.What a great idea!Read more: MyCentralNJ.com",0
17739,MICHIGAN MAN Charged with Threatening to Assassinate President Trump,"Can you imagine being POTUS and having this threat every day while you re in the WhiteHouse? The threats are there but this type of threat is frightening because this man is apparently mentally ill. We were unable to find any pictures of this man. He made vile and graphic threats to President Trump and was charged:A truck driver has been charged in federal court with threatening to assassinate President Donald Trump in several phone calls to Secret Service field offices.Special Agent Matthew Lariviere wrote in a criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday that James Anthony Jackson repeatedly called the Secret Service field office in Chicago on Oct. 12-13 and made more phone calls to the field office in Detroit on Oct. 18 threatening to  blow Trump s brains out. Better watch Donald Trump ass, ya bitch,  Jackson said, according to court records.  Ya ll think someone playing with yo dumbasses, I am going to blow white brains out   his (expletive) head. It appeared Jackson was masking his real number, according to the agent.Jackson called from a phone with a 616 area code number.The number was registered to James Jackson Profit Group LLC in Grand Rapids, according to the agent. The company, which does not appear in state business records, is linked to an outreach center in Grand Rapids.Phone records also showed Jackson frequently called a woman in the 517 area code. The woman told investigators she had met a man online named  Jamie  who had harassed and threatened her from the same Grand Rapids-area phone number used by Jackson.Jamie threatened to  cut off her head and parade it in front of the White House for Trump,  according to the court filing.On Friday, investigators interviewed Jackson s uncle.Jackson had cursed and threatened relatives, the uncle said.Agents played a recording of one of the Trump threats for Jackson s sister and she confirmed the voice belonged to Jackson, according to the complaint.The News reports Jackson was born in 1984 but a hometown wasn t available and the U.S. Attorney s Office refused to discuss the case.Via Detroit NewsVia: WNEM",0
17740,LOL! “THE VIEW’S” CLASSY Co-Host JOY BEHAR Tells Van Jones: “You Don’t Deal With White Supremacists”…“When They Go Low…We Need To Go Lower”…”F**K Your Kumbaya” [VIDEO],"The View s unhinged co-host Joy Behar, who is one step away from being committed to an institution, after suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome for well over a year, made an appearance on the fellow Trump-hater, Bill Maher s  comedy  show. CNN political commentator Van Jones was also a guest on the Bill Maher show. Jones recently wrote a book about how if Democrats ever want to win another race, they need to find ways to reach common ground with Trump supporters.Bill Maher started out his interview with Joy Behar by complimenting her because she s one of the only Democrats to agree with him that Democrats are  too nice .  When he asked Behar how she felt about Michelle Obama s famous (and ridiculous) quotes at the DNC convention where she claimed that,  When they (Republicans) go low, we (Democrats) go high.  Behar then said,  No! When they go low we should go lower.  She then looked out at Van Jones and called him out,  Van, listen, you re the first perpetrator of this. He wants the kumbaya. F**k the kumbaya!   These people on this side are crazy. Dont  you understand? They re crazy! And then, quite hilariously, Behar told Jones  You don t deal with white supremacists!  And Behard does?Watch:When Joy Behar told Jones to  F**k your kumbaya , she was referring the CNN political commentator Van Jones  recent appearance on ABC s The View to discuss his new book. Joy Behar was barely able to contain herself when Jones talked about how leftist Democrats need to work to find common ground. Jones criticized fellow liberals for being  mad at every single person  who voted for President Donald Trump.Watch:",0
17741,BREAKING: JFK FILES Reveal Another Democrat President Was Member Of The KKK,"Brilliant conservative and American Thinker contributor, Patricia Dickson tweeted a portion of a file that was released today in the JFK files. Her tweet showed a document that appears to prove that former Democrat President Lyndon B. Johnson was a member of the Klan in Texas during the early days of his political career. The JFK Files reveal that Democrat President LBJ was a member of the Klan. pic.twitter.com/NoOJLWAlDp  Patricia Dickson (@Patrici15767099) October 27, 2017Dinesh D Souza was quick to respond to Dickson s tweet, saying:  If this is true, LBJ becomes the third Democratic President to be either a member or avid supporter of the Ku Klux Klan. If this is true, LBJ becomes the third Democratic President to be either a member or avid supporter of the Ku Klux Klan https://t.co/2gX4i6fDc0  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) October 28, 2017In Dinesh D Souza s movie,  Hillary s America , the ugly truth was revealed about the Democrat Party, and how throughout the history of the United States Democrats have been responsible for slavery and for much of the racism blacks have experienced in America.In his movie, D Souza interviewed Vanderbilt professor Carol Swain. Swain made her own video about the  Inconvenient Truth about The Democratic Party  that s been viewed 1.8 million times. When you think about racial equality and civil rights, which political party comes to mind, the Republican s or the Democrat s? Most people would probably say the Democrats. But that answer isn t correct.Since its founding in 1829, the Democratic Party has fought against every major civil rights initiative, and has a long history of discrimination. The Democratic Party defended slavery, started the Civil War, opposed reconstruction, founded the Ku Klux Klan, imposed segregation, perpetrated lynching and fought against the Civil Rights Acts of the 1950 s and 1960 s. In contrast, the Republican Party was founded in 1854 as an anti-slavery party. Its mission was to stop the spread of slavery into the new western territory with the aim of abolishing it entirely. Dickson reminded Twitter users that the Republican Party was formed for the sole purpose of ending slavery.No Republican owned slaves because the Republican Party was formed for the sole purpose of ending slavery. https://t.co/vv3jaQ62QJ  Patricia Dickson (@Patrici15767099) October 28, 2017",0
17742,NEW STUDY Shows Why Atheists and People Who Agree With Immigrants That Bash Their Country Use LESS BRAIN POWER,"It s not at all surprising that at least 28% of Democrats consider themselves to be atheists. Fascinating This has to be embarrassing . . . if you re an atheist. A new study performed at the University of York used targeted magnetism to shut down part of the brain. The result: belief in God disappeared among more than 30 percent of participants.That in itself may not seem so embarrassing, but consider that the specific part of the brain they frazzled was the posterior medial frontal cortex the part associated with detecting and solving problems, i.e., reasoning and logic.In other words, when you shut down the part of the brain most associated with logic and reasoning, greater levels of atheism result.You ve heard the phrase,  I don t have enough faith to be an atheist ? Apparently, we can now also say,  I have too many brains to be an atheist.   The American VisionDaily Mail  The study was carried out by Dr Keise Izuma from the University of York and Colin Holbrook from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).They recruited 38 participants with an average age of 21, to take part in the study.Each of these participants said they held significant religious beliefs, and the majority held moderate to extremely conservative political beliefs.Political views were important because it suggested they were more likely to have stronger viewpoints on immigration.Half of these participants formed part of a control group and received a low-level  sham  procedure that did not affect their brains.The other half received enough energy through transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to lower activity in the posterior medial frontal cortex (pMFC).This part of the brain, located near the surface and roughly a few inches up from the forehead, is associated with detecting problems and triggering responses that address them.Following the treatment, all the participants were first asked to think about death before being asked questions about their religious beliefs and their feelings about immigrants.The death task including writing brief responses on the subject of their own death.To address their levels of prejudice, participants were asked to read two essays   one critical and one positive   written by an immigrant from Latin America about the US.After reading each essay, participants rated how much they liked the person who wrote the essay and how much they agreed with their views.Religious belief was measured using a version of the Supernatural Belief Scale.Items were presented in random order and rated according to the same scale used in the immigrant ratings.Questions included:  There exists an all-powerful, all-knowing, loving God ,  There exist good personal spiritual beings, whom we might call angels  and  There exists an evil personal spiritual being, whom we might call the Devil. Circa   So how do Democrats and Republicans stack up when it comes to having faith vs. athesists?According to the Pew Research Center,  nones    people who don t identify with any religion   make up 23 percent of American adults.In the Democratic Party, that number is even bigger. 28 percent of Democrats are non-religious, Pew s research shows.Conversely, people who identify as non-religious are much more likely to vote Democratic. 70 percent of self-identifying atheists, for example, voted for President Obama in 2012, according to Pew.One of those atheists is James White, a Texas delegate for Hillary Clinton at this year s DNC. At the convention on Monday, White was wearing a shirt that read,  I m actually an atheist. White said he still feels it s necessary to publicly broadcast his beliefs to promote acceptance of atheism within the party. When we make it safe for people to realize that a nearly 60-year-old Texas middle-aged white guy is an atheist and a Democrat, those things make it easier for others to come forward too,  he said. There has been some progress, White said. Earlier this year, the Texas Democratic Party adopted three secular resolutions into its official policy platform.The investigators additionally found that the magnetic stimulation had the greatest effect on reactions to the critical author in the essay test. We think that hearing criticisms of your group s values, perhaps especially from a person you perceive as an outsider, is processed as an ideological sort of threat,  said Dr Izuma. One way to respond to such threats is to  double down  on your group values, increasing your investment in them, and reacting more negatively to the critic,  he continued. When we disrupted the brain region that usually helps detect and respond to threats, we saw a less negative, less ideologically motivated reaction to the critical author and his opinions.   Daily Mail ",0
17743,‘Is There REALLY No Place In The World For Us?’: Down Syndrome Man Gives Powerful Testimony Against Abortion Of Down Syndrome Babies [Video],"Thanks to Frank Stephens for this moving testimony on living with Down syndrome. Stephens is a man with Down syndrome and an advocate for those with the genetic disorder. He told a congressional committee on Wednesday that his life is  worth living  as he criticized those who believe fetuses with Down syndrome should be aborted.Down syndrome babies are being aborted in huge numbers since we now have genetic testing to detect if a baby will be born with Down Syndrome. Recently, this topic was in the spotlight because Iceland announced they are close to eliminating Down syndrome births through abortion:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON ICELAND S ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THEY HAVE ELIMINATED DOWN SYNDROME:Mainstream news channels rarely draw attention to the negative side of abortion, but CBS News did so this week with a report about Iceland s near 100-percent abortion rate for babies with Down syndrome.  few countries have come as close to eradicating Down syndrome births as Iceland,  the report begins.  Since prenatal screening tests were introduced in Iceland in the early 2000s, the vast majority of women   close to 100 percent   who received a positive test for Down syndrome terminated their pregnancy. Just a handful of children with Down syndrome have been born in Iceland in the past decade. Two are born each year, on average, but the rest are killed in the womb. For most of the children who were born, their mothers decided not to have prenatal screening tests.This deadly discrimination against babies with disabilities is a problem in countries across the world, not just Iceland. In 2014, the Danish government reported 98 percent of unborn babies who tested positive for Down syndrome were aborted. CBS reports the rate in France was 77 percent in 2015, 90 percent in the United Kingdom and 67 percent in the U.S. between 1995 and 2011. Some put the rate even higher in the United States, but it is difficult to determine the exact number because the U.S. government does not keep detailed statistics about abortion.In many of these countries, late-term abortions are legal in cases of fetal anomalies, such as Down syndrome. The UK, for example, prohibits abortions after 24 weeks but allows wide exceptions for late-term abortions involving fetal anomalies.Iceland hospital counselor Helga Sol Olafsdottir does not see any problem with the fact that so many women are having their unborn babies aborted because of Down syndrome. This systematic discrimination is simply a  woman s choice  in her mind.The issue is not gray. It s very clearly wrong, says Penny Nace, president and CEO of Concerned Women for America. This is eugenics and barbarianism at best,  Nace said.  These individuals have no less worth than anyone else. Iceland and many other countries are killing human beings in abortions simply because they have a disability. Down syndrome varies in severity, but most people with the genetic disorder live into their 60s. Some even live on their own, hold down jobs, go to college and get married. For entire story   Life NewsPOWERFUL TESTIMONY:Stephens testified before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies to discuss the state of medical research on Down syndrome. He directly addressed those who believe fetuses diagnosed with Down syndrome should be aborted, a practice common in some countries such as Iceland and Denmark.Iceland is close to eliminating Down syndrome births through abortion. Since the introduction of prenatal screening tests to the country in the early 2000s, close to 100 percent of women whose pregnancies test positive for Down syndrome have chosen to have an abortion. Whatever you learn today, please remember this: I am a man with Down syndrome and my life is worth living,  Stephens told lawmakers on the committee. I completely understand that the people pushing this particular  final solution  are saying that people like me should not exist,  Stephens said.  That view is deeply prejudiced by an outdated idea of life with Down syndrome. Stephens mentioned some of his accomplishments, including his award-winning film and television career and speaking tours, before joking about visiting the White House. I have been to the White House twice and I didn t have to jump the fence either time,  Stephens said. Seriously, I don t feel I should have to justify my existence,  he added.  Is there really no place for us in the world? Stephens then spoke about how Down syndrome may help with dementia and cancer research, as well as how families with someone with Down syndrome are happier than most others in society.Read more: WFB",0
17744,THE U.S. IMPORTS MORE AFRICAN REFUGEES AS PLAGUE SPREADS THERE: Caused By Tradition Of Dancing With Corpses [Video],"One of the fastest growing groups of refugees coming to the U.S. are coming from Africa According to the Center for immigration studies:The sending countries with the largest percentage increases in the number of immigrants living in the United States since 2010 were Saudi Arabia (up 122 percent), Nepal (86 percent), Afghanistan (up 74 percent), Burma (up 73 percent), Syria (up 62 percent), Venezuela (up 58 percent), Bangladesh (up 53 percent), Kenya (up 46 percent), Ethiopia (up 41 percent), Nigeria (up 40 percent), Iraq (up 39 percent), Ghana (up 37 percent), India (up 37 percent), Egypt (up 32 percent), Pakistan (up 28 percent), and China (up 25 percent). The states with the largest numerical increases in the number of immigrants from 2010 to 2016 were Texas (up 587,889), Florida (up 578,468), California (up 527,234), New York (up 238,503), New Jersey (up 171,504), Massachusetts (up 140,318), Washington (up 134,132), Pennsylvania (up 131,845), Virginia (up 120,050), Maryland (up 118,175), Georgia (up 95,353), Nevada (up 78,341), Arizona (up 78,220), Michigan (up 74,532), Minnesota (up 73,953), and North Carolina (up 70,501).ACCORDING TO PEW RESEARCH: There were 2.1 million African immigrants living in the United States in 2015, up from 881,000 in 2000 and a substantial increase from 1970 when the U.S. was home to only 80,000 foreign-born Africans.The fact is that whether Africans come to the U.S. legally or illegally, they brig with them risks like the one below:DANCING WITH THE DEADIn Madagascar, ceremonies in which families exhume the remains of dead relatives, rewrap them in fresh cloth and dance with the corpses are a sacred ritual.A local name for these ceremonies is  famadihana. It s one of Madagascar s most widespread rituals,  historian Mahery Andrianahag told AFP. It s necessary to assure cosmic harmony  it satisfies our desire to respect and honour the ancestors so that they can be blessed and one day return. The dead are believed to reciprocate the blessings. Says one participant, I am extremely proud to go to rewrap the bones of my grandmother and all of our ancestors. I will ask them for blessings and success in my school leavers  exams. Famadihana is also an opportunity to party:The customary ritual, rather than a religious rite, can be shocking for some, but for those taking part, it is an intense celebration accompanied by music, dancing and singing, fuelled by alcoholic drinks.When the party is over, participants store the mats that the bodies are laid on under their own mattresses. This is said to bring good luck.But some doctors warn that they can also transmit germs and infections.And, at a time when Madagascar is enduring its most lethal outbreak of the plague in years, the practice of body turning has raised fears among health officials.Since August, the disease has infected more than 1,100 people, with 124 deaths.  Health ministry epidemiologists have long observed that plague season coincides with the period when famadihana ceremonies are held from July to October.But who cares about the plague? Scoffs one participant, I will always practise the turning of the bones of my ancestors   plague or no plague. The plague is a lie. Meanwhile, immigrants from every corner of the Third World pour into our country, often illegally, bringing along their exotic customs and diseases.",0
17745,HILARIOUS! Paul Joseph Watson DESTROYS Media For Bullsh*t Russian Collusion Propaganda [VIDEO],"Paul Joseph Watson nails it again. In the video below, Watson does a brilliant job of exposing the hypocrisy of the media and why they are not to be believed or trusted when it comes to offering actual news without a nauseating leftist bias.From Ned Ryan of Fox News  You may have heard of the scandal brewing in Washington. Presidential advisers cutting sweetheart deals with a foreign power, signing million dollar lobbying contracts with that foreign power, bribes being proffered, and the foreign government gained unprecedented access to government agencies and crucial U.S. natural resources? And what if I told you that foreign power was Russia?Collusion you say? Perhaps. Collusion with Trump? Nope.I m talking about a news story that fittingly is coming back from the dead just before Halloween to scare a lot of Democrats, Bill and Hillary Clinton and Obama administration officials. If you want to take a deeper dive on this issue, read the book  Clinton Cash,  by Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute. But here are the basics.A decade ago, a long-time Clinton Foundation donor, Frank Giustra, sold his uranium company to another firm, Uranium One. With that deal, Uranium One now owned uranium mines in the western U.S., including Wyoming, with about 20 percent of U.S. uranium production capacity, and about ten percent of the actual uranium mined in the U.S.In 2009, Rosatom, Russia s nuclear agency, took a 17-percent position in Uranium One. A year later, in the summer of 2010, Rosatom bought majority control of the Uranium One, effectively giving the Russian government-controlled entity proprietary access to one-fifth of the U.S. uranium supply.And then there s that whole phony Trump-Russian dossier story Watch, as Paul Joseph Watson DESTROYS the liberal media for force-feeding their viewers with  24/7 phony Trump-Russian coverage, without having so much as ONE actual identifiable or legitimate source to back up their assertions. But when ACTUAL evidence is put forth about REAL collusion with the Russians by Hillary Clinton and the DNC for the purposes of affecting the outcome of the election,  the media goes silent.Enjoy:",0
17746,BREAKING NEWS: First Charges Filed In Special Counsel Mueller’s Russia Probe…As Pressure Mounts For Mueller To Resign,"After months of finding no evidence of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign, is this sudden development a distraction from the real news about Crooked Hillary Clinton s Russian and friends actual Russian collusion?A federal grand jury in Washington, D.C., has reportedly approved the first charges in special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into Russia s meddling in the 2016 election.CNN reported Friday that the charges are sealed under a federal judge s order, with sources telling the network that those charged could be taken into custody as soon as Monday.It is unclear what the charges are, the network reported. A spokesman for the special counsel s office declined to comment to CNN.   The HillMany Twitter users think Mueller s Friday night charges only serve as a distraction from the REAL scandals, like Uranium One and the Clinton and DNC involvement in the phony Trump Russia dossier:fake Mueller charges are designed to distract the American people from the REAL scandals: Uranium One, Fusion GPS & the Clinton Foundation pic.twitter.com/W2ui9mQYV8  Raven (@KazeSkyz) October 28, 2017Reactions when you heard Mueller filed the first charges in his investigation? pic.twitter.com/gxFmzX6Zbl  Donald J. Trump (@AKADonaldTrump) October 28, 2017FOX News   Special Counsel Robert Mueller is facing a fresh round of calls from conservative critics for his resignation from the Russia collusion probe, amid revelations that have called into question the FBI s own actions and potentially Mueller s independence.This week s bombshell that a controversial anti-Trump dossier was funded by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign has Republicans asking to what extent the FBI   which received some of the findings and briefly agreed to pay the same researcher to gather intelligence on Trump and Russia   used the politically connected material.Hill investigators also are looking into a Russian firm s uranium deal that was approved by the Obama administration in 2010 despite reports that the FBI   then led by Mueller   had evidence of bribery involving a subsidiary of that firm. Critics question whether Mueller s own ties to the bureau as well as fired FBI director James Comey now render him compromised as he investigates allegations of Russian meddling and collusion with Trump officials in the 2016 race. The federal code could not be clearer   Mueller is compromised by his apparent conflict of interest in being close with James Comey,  Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., who first called for Mueller to step down over the summer, said in a statement to Fox News on Friday.  The appearance of a conflict is enough to put Mueller in violation of the code.   All of the revelations in recent weeks make the case stronger. Outgoing New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie, a former federal prosecutor and Trump ally, also suggested Friday that Mueller consider stepping aside. If the facts that you just laid out are true, then somebody with Bob Mueller s integrity will step aside and should   if in fact those facts, as you laid them out, are true,  Christie said on  Fox & Friends,  in response to various conflict-of-interest allegations.",0
17747,WATCH: NANCY PELOSI COMES UNGLUED! Calls A Pie Chart “A Pie Crust”…Doesn’t Know Difference Between 1.4 Billion Dollars “1.4 Trillion Dollars”,"Is Representative Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) the member of Congress who s receiving Alzheimer s drugs from the D.C. pharmacist who revealed a dirty little Washington secret about the drugs he delivers to Congress members only 2 weeks ago? Nancy s even more bizarre than usual behavior has led a lot of Americans to question her mental capacity and wonder if she s one of the members who s receiving the medications to treat  serious health problems ?Something is clearly wrong with Nancy Pelosi. Why is everyone in Washington DC and in the media ignoring her bizarre and incoherent interviews that leave viewers wondering how in the world she is fit to serve. American Mirror   During her recent weekly press conference, the House Minority Leader was seen stumbling over words, uttering gibberish, staring blankly at reporters, and on at least two occasions, suffering from face spasms. What an event-filled morning has been,  Pelosi began, botching her opening line.It went downhill from there. Really one that, uh, marks a transf  for  she said, before staring at reporters barely 10 seconds into the appearance, and finally saying,  transformative moment Moments later, she confused  trillions  and  billions. When President Bush left office the deficit was 1.4 trillion,  she said as she suffered an apparent facial spasm,  uh, trillion dollars. So you re talking about an enormous amount of money. The national debt increased by an enormous amount   the debt was 1.4 billion in terms of the deficit. Watch her incoherent interview here:A Washington D.C. pharmacy revealed on Wednesday that they deliver medications that treat  serious health problems  to members of Congress, including medications to treat Alzheimer s disease.Pharmacy owner, Dr. Mike Kim, said that he has  gotten used to  knowing highly sensitive information about some of the most powerful people in Washington, STAT reported. At first it s cool, and then you realize, I m filling some drugs that are for some pretty serious health problems as well. And these are the people that are running the country,  Kim said, listing treatments for conditions like diabetes and Alzheimer s.Kim expressed concern over some of the serious health problems that members of Congress have because the diseases could severely limit their ability to serve in their elected positions. It makes you kind of sit back and say,  Wow, they re making the highest laws of the land and they might not even remember what happened yesterday.   Daily Wire ",0
17748,HOUSTON TEXAN PLAYERS THREATEN Owner For Telling NFL Team Owners “We can’t have the inmates running the prison” During Private Meeting,"The NYP reported that the players whom Bob McNair employs were not happy about his comments at a recent NFL owners meeting.McNair sparked the outrage by saying,  We can t have the inmates running the prison,  during an NFL owners meeting one day after he and 10 other NFL representatives met with current and former players to discuss the issues behind the national anthem protests. McNair has apologized for the racially insensitive analogy, but count outspoken Seahawks star Richard Sherman   who will play against the Texans this weekend   among those who don t believe the apology was sincere.The Texans nearly staged a team-wide walkout Friday, a few hours after McNair apologized for comparing NFL players to  inmates  in a prison, ESPN reported.Texans players wanted to walkout today in response to owner Bob McNair s comments, per @sarahbarshop. Had to be persuaded to stay.  Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) October 27, 2017Houston s best offensive player, wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins, skipped practice for  personal reasons,  but ESPN later confirmed it was in response to McNair s comments. Head coach Bill O Brien said he is  100 percent  with his players.Texans offensive lineman Duane Brown said McNair s comments  sickened  him and were  horrible,  according to the Houston Chronicle. Brown also said he wasn t surprised by the comments, and that Houston players are not done dealing with the issue.Brown s wife also spoke out on the issue. My husband has put his BODY & MIND on the line for your team for 10 YRS & to you he is an  inmate,  Devi Brown wrote.  You owe these players RESPECT & support. ESPN reported the Texans will  do something  before the game Sunday but have not decided what yet.Texans rookie Treston Decoud tweeted,  I don t believe he is the only owner that feel that way   smh. NFL players may not be happy with the Houston Texan team owner s choice of words when he told other team owners in a private meeting that,  We can t have the inmates running the prison , but how far off base was Texan s owner Bob McNair when he used the commonly used phrase?While the Houston Texans may only have 13 players who ve been arrested for crimes, they re not exactly a group of choir boys either. Here are just a few examples of  NFL teams and the number of players who ve been arrested on those teams since 2000. Keep in mind that each NFL team has 53 players.Minnesota Vikings Number of arrests: 49 Perhaps the most notable of the Vikings  arrests was the  Love Boat  scandal, during which Fred Smoot, Daunte Culpepper, Bryant McKinnie and Moe Williams were all arrested. Adrian Peterson s child abuse case along with 18 DUI cases were also among the Vikings  arrests over the years.Denver Broncos Number of arrests: 47 Brandon Marshall accounted for four of these arrests while he was with the team, including two instances of domestic violence and one domestic dispute. The Broncos have had 12 instances of domestic violence since 2000, as well as 12 DUIsCincinnati Bengals Number of arrests: 44 The Bengals currently employ Adam Jones, who has the most arrests of any NFL player since 2000 (10) and was even arrested earlier this year for poking a security guard in the eye. They also employed the player with the third most arrests since 2000, Chris Henry (6), who passed away in 2009. Overall, the Bengals have had nine assaults, nine DUIs and six domestic violence cases over the past 17 years.Tennessee Titans Number of arrests: 36 Kenny Britt, who has the second-most individual arrests since 2000 (seven times), was arrested six times within a span of two years with Tennessee. In total, the Titans have had 10 DUIs, four assaults and four domestic violence cases over that span.Tampa Bay Buccaneers Number of arrests: 36 The Buccaneers have had 11 DUIs since 2000, as well as four drug charges and four instances of domestic violence. Former Patriots cornerback Aqib Talib was arrested on gun and assault charges while with Tampa Bay.Jacksonville Jaguars Number of arrests: 35 The Jaguars have had four gun charges and five drug charges to go with their seven DUIs. Among those drug charges was wide receiver Matt Jones, who was spotted cutting up cocaine in his car by police in 2008.Cleveland Browns Number of arrests: 33 Johnny Manziel recently made the list after he was accused of domestic violence in early 2016. Meanwhile, Dont  Stallworth was charged with a DUI manslaughter in 2009, while Ausar Walcott was charged with attempted murder in 2013. The Browns also have six drug charges and five gun charges.Chicago Bears Number of arrests: 32 The Bears have had seven assaults and 10 DUIs since 2000. Among those arrests was Lance Briggs, who crashed his Lamborghini into a pole and left the scene of the accident   a crime that he pled guilty to.Kansas City Chiefs Number of arrests: 32 The Chiefs employed Jovan Belcher, who fatally shot his girlfriend 10 times before going to the team s facility and shooting himself in the head with a gun. They also employed Larry Johnson, who was arrested four times   including twice for domestic disputes. Kansas City has 10 DUI cases and four cases of theft/burglary since 2000.Miami Dolphins Number of arrests: 31 The Dolphins have seven domestic violence cases and seven assault and battery cases to go with their eight DUI arrests. They also had Ricky Williams, who was charged with reckless driving after going 126 mph on the highway once.Baltimore Ravens Number of arrests: 27 The Ravens have several high-profile arrests since 2000, including Ray Rice s domestic violence case and Ray Lewis  murder charge. They also had Terrence Cody, who was indicted on charges of animal cruelty after one of his dogs died. Cody also illegally owned an alligator. Seattle Seahawks Number of arrests: 27 Lofa Tatupu, who was arrested for a DUI during which he had a .155 blood alcohol content, was one of 11 Seahawks players to be charged with a DUI. Seattle has also had six domestic violence instances over that span.Carolina Panthers Number of arrests: 22 Panthers players have had six DUIs, four assaults, three gun charges, three domestic violence cases and three drug cases since 2000. One of the more prominent cases involved defensive end Greg Hardy, who threw his victim onto a couch covered in guns among other instances of domestic violence.Black Lives Matter posterchild for disrespecting our flag, former 49 ers QB Colin Kaepernick s team is in the middle of the pack for team members with most criminal arrests and convictions:San Francisco 49ers Number of arrests: 25 The 49ers have 13 DUI charges since 2000 along with three domestic violence cases. One of those cases involved former fullback Bruce Miller, who later was charged with assault after allegedly assaulting his 70-year-old father in a hotel in San FranciscoWhile the Houston Texans team doesn t land in the top of the list for players with most criminal convictions on their team, they certainly have their fair share. Sadly, only having 13 arrests on their team makes them look good compared to the other teams with more arrests for criminal activity. Houston Texans Number of arrests: 13 The Texans were founded in 2002, and have overall been pretty good about staying out of trouble compared to the rest of the league. Houston has four DUI charges, including one to Jacoby Jones that he pleaded guilty to.Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman sounded off on McNair s comments, as he attempted to throw gasoline on the fire:I can appreciate ppl being candid. Don t apologize! You meant what you said. Showing true colors allows ppl to see you for who you are.  Richard Sherman (@RSherman_25) October 27, 2017Sherman isn t shy about his hate for cops. His big mouth and unnecessary disrespect for a law-enforcement officer didn t end up well for him, as he was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct towards a police officer in 2014.Empire Sports   Sherman is known for his cockiness on the field and a vocabulary that can only be described as  trash-talk.  His passion on the field often carries over to the after-game interviews, and he is the type of player Seahawks fans either love or love to hate.Despite his reputation for attitude within the NFL, witnesses to Sherman s altercation with a Seattle police officer were shocked by his behavior. It was like he just picked off Peyton in the Super Bowl, and ran it back for a touchdown or something. His cockiness was at an all-time high!  Said Curt Johnson, a bystander to the incident.Sherman s problems arose when a police officer witnessed him jaywalking, and gave him a warning not to do it again. The officer later admitted that he wasn t so much worried about the jaywalking law in Seattle, but the fact that it was a busy street and Sherman could have been hurt, as several pedestrians have been hit by cars in the same area over the last few months. He asked me if I knew who he was, and I said, of course, I m a huge fan.  Said Patrolman Mike Stephens.  [Sherman] then continued to say,  Then you know that I own [expletive] Seattle, and any [expletive] street I want to cross I can, no matter where I decide to [expletive] cross it. Stephens apparently tried to apologize, and explain to Sherman that he was just doing his job and that Sherman s celebrity status in the city did not give him the right to curse anyone. He told me that I was a terrible police officer, and said I should just go eat some [expletive] donuts.  Said Officer Stephens.  He went off on me about how he was doing better in life than I was, and said that I shouldn t even watch a Seattle game again because I didn t deserve to witness the  greatness  that was him on a football field. Sherman was arrested and charged with jaywalking and disorderly conduct towards a police officer in the course of his duty.",0
17749,FBI INFORMANT Blows The Whistle on Obama DOJ’s Intimidation Tactics [VIDEO],"A former FBI informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a Russian energy company was intimidated by Obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year, his attorney says.WATCH: @BillHemmer's full interview w/ Victoria Toensing, the attorney for @FBI informant allegedly threatened by the Obama Administration. pic.twitter.com/MkBlH7Ilq0  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 27, 2017Victoria Toensing spoke to Bill Hemmer This Morning regarding threats to the FBI informant from Obama s DOJ: President Obama  thought it was just okay to threaten a witness who wanted to give information about corruption. Fox News Updated: LIBERTY AND REPUTATION IN JEOPARDY  Victoria Toensing, the lawyer for the informant, told The Daily Caller s Vince Coglianese that Obama Justice Department lawyers told her client that  his reputation and liberty [was] in jeopardy  if he did not drop a lawsuit against the government.On Wednesday, the Trump Justice Department released the informant from a confidentiality agreement, clearing the way for him to testify before several congressional committees about his undercover work at Uranium One, a Canada-based energy company that has ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton and their family foundation.In 2010, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an inter-agency governmental committee that reviews applications for foreign purchases of companies, granted the Russia-owned energy company Rosatom the right to purchase Uranium One. Via: Daily Caller",0
17750,NYPD: Man Makes Anti-White Remark…Throws Liquid In 13-Year-Old Girl’s Face [Video],"You can thank Obama and all of the Democrat race baiters out there for a rise in hate and division. Obama was constantly trying everything he could to stir up racial disunity from day one of his presidency. From the  Beer Summit  to Ferguson, Obama too the opportunity to stir up racial tension. Now, we have a rise in disturbing crimes like the one below:The NYPD s Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating after police said a man made an anti-white remark and splashed a liquid in a 13-year-old girl s face, causing her eyes to burn during an attack in Queens.The victim was allegedly attacked after getting off a Q10 bus at Lefferts Boulevard and 101st Avenue in Richmond Hill around 3:30 p.m. Tuesday.Police said the suspect came up behind the girl and when she turned around, he yelled racial remarks and threw the unknown substance on her.It is believed the liquid was some kind of beverage, 1010 WINS  Juliet Papa reported.As the teen s eyes burned, sources said her aunt followed the suspect managing to snap a photo him as he ran off northbound on Lefferts Boulevard toward 97th Avenue, CBS2 s Reena Roy reported.The victim was treated at Jamaica Hospital.Her father, Vincent Evangelista, said his daughter is feisty and strong, telling 1010 WINS  Juliet Papa,  She s going to move on from this incident and not let this in any way affect her in the future. Surveillance video shows the man casually walking on the sidewalk and looking over his shoulder. In his hand is a water bottle, which may have contained the burning substance, Roy reported. Normally she travels after school with her buddies, but she was part of an after school program and came back a little later,  he said.She was treated at Jamaica Hospital and expected to be okay. Evangelista said they ve lived in the neighborhood her whole life and won t be changing their lifestyle. As long as she feels safe taking the bus she can continue taking the bus,  he said.Police have been scanning the area since the attack and commuters are hoping for a quick arrest. The police came yesterday here and they went to the liquor store and they checked all the camera,  said Francisco Disla, who works nearby. I hope they catch him,  said Kamle Dokhie of Richmond Hill.  I m scared for myself because I travel on the bus all the time so I hope they do something about it fast. I think that s really scary that he s still on the loose because honestly I don t want him doing anything like that to me or my friends,  said resident Nandanie Shamnarine.The suspect is described by police as a black man, about 30 years old, with a bald head. He was last seen wearing a dark colored hooded sweatshirt with a red shirt underneath, royal blue pants, and tan and brown boots.Anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the NYPD s Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.Via: CBS Local",0
17751,SICK OF HOLLYWOOD LIBERALS and PERVERTS? Here’s Your Chance To Support Hollywood CONSERVATIVES In NEW Movie “Let There Be Light” That President Trump Just Tweeted About [VIDEO],"Actor Kevin Sorbo and his wife, actress Sam Sorbo, are an anomaly in Hollywood. Both of them are committed conservatives who are dedicated to raising their children with values and morals, and most importantly, they put their faith first in all aspects of their lives. Kevin and Sam Sorbo are the real deal. If you re sick and tired of reading about the rampant sexual abuse that appears to be the norm in Hollywood, and watching leftist actors and comedians using severed heads of President Trump to get a laugh, perhaps their new movie  Let Their Be Light , that opens in theaters tomorrow, is the movie you ve been waiting for. At a time when Harvey Weinstein and other Hollywood elites face growing accusations of sexual impropriety, Sean Hannity has emerged as a film producer eager to see more family-friendly films that don t shy from upholding Judeo-Christian values. In fact, for Mr. Hannity, the timing couldn t be better. I think the old paradigm of Hollywood is crumbling right in front of our eyes,  Mr. Hannity said during a phone interview with The Washington Times.  We re on the cutting edge of getting ahead of this because the demand has been there, and [producers] have had no desire to fulfill it. That is, except for most independent filmmakers like Mr. Hannity, who agreed to become an executive producer and fund most of the $3 million budget for  Let There Be Light,  a faith-based drama opening in theaters Thursday that stars Kevin Sorbo, known for  Hercules: The Legendary Journeys. He s the best executive producer anybody could ever ask for,  Mr. Sorbo said of Mr. Hannity.  He said,  Here s the money. Go make the movie and show me when you re done.In the film, which Mr. Sorbo also directed, he plays Dr. Sol Harkens, a famous book-writing atheist who, while living for the crowd s roars of approval while skewering Christians in packed debates, also struggles with loneliness, the death of his young son and the leery attitudes of his two remaining sons, who are being raised by his Christian ex-wife, Katy, who is portrayed by Mr. Sorbo s own wife, Sam Sorbo.The executive producer of the  Let Their Be Light  movie, Sean Hannity tweeted about the Sorbo s movie: Let There Be Light  opens THIS FRIDAY! Locations listed at https://t.co/9hkyEX1UVi https://t.co/NxlxjswYJG  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 26, 2017President Trump retweeted Sean Hannity s tweet about the  Let Their Be Light  movie, and said that Hannity s movie will be  another Sean success! Will be another Sean success! https://t.co/SlNTENvJLA  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 26, 2017The couple s two sons also feature in  Let There Be Light. Sean Hannity interviewed the very talented Sorbo family recently, and asked them what it was like for their family to work together to make the movie:After Miss Sorbo first came up with the idea for the film, she approached veteran screenwriter Dan Gordon ( The Hurricane,   Wyatt Earp ), who agreed to co-write the script with her. A random contact from Mr. Hannity led to his immediately bankrolling the film. Sean Hannity, kind of out of the blue, called my husband and said,  I want to do a faith-based movie, and I want to work with you,  Miss Sorbo recalled.Not long after, Mr. Hannity, who juggles two full-time jobs in radio and TV, found himself in a pitch meeting in New York with the Sorbos and Mr. Gordon. Twenty minutes later, he cut them a check.Here s a sneak peek at the movie  Let There Be Light : It s better than I ever dreamed it could be in terms of the quality, the acting and the cinematic value,  Mr. Hannity said.  I think with all that s happening out in Hollywood, there might be an opportunity here to make more of these independent films that people will go see, and that s why I wanted to lend my name to it.   For entire story: Washington Times Sam Sorbo is an awesome actress, a loving wife, an amazing mom who homeschools her children and we re proud to call her our friend. If you d like to know more about homeschooling your kids, Sam has written one of the best books on the market on the subject of how to be a successful homeschooling mom or dad. The book is available for purchase at this Christian bookstore link or at Amazon here. ",0
17752,HILARIOUS! Everyone’s Laughing When They See Why “CREEPY JOE” BIDEN Teamed Up With Lady Gaga To Make A PSA Video,"Could there be two creepier people than  creepy Joe  Biden and the sex-obsessed pop-star Lady Gaga, (who is famous for bloody orgies, and violent sex scenes used in her music videos) to come together to make a PSA against sexual assault?  Here s a disturbing compilation of  Creepy Joe  Biden  creeping  on women:Nevermind their reputations of creeping on women and having gang sex with large groups of men,  Creepy Joe  Biden and pop singer Lady Gaga have teamed up to produce a PSA against sexual assault. We want to make it real clear, it s on us   it s on everyone   to intervene, to stop abuse when they see it and when they hear about it, and to intervene,  Biden says in a short video shared by Lady Gaga on Twitter. No man has a right to raise a hand to a woman for any reason other than self-defense, ever. Period,  he says.A message from me & my buddy Vice President @JoeBiden @ItsOnUs to stop sexual assault. Go to https://t.co/aMd5silSst #ItsOnUs to help.   pic.twitter.com/w5JGRCd2z8  xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) October 25, 2017 I am a sexual assault survivor, and I know the effects, the aftermath, the trauma   psychological, physical, mental,  Gaga says.  It can be terrifying waking up every day feeling unsafe in your own body. But we re here to remind you that it s important to reach out to someone in your life that you can trust, and to know that they will be there to help you; there will be someone to listen. Because you know what? It s on us.    Information Liberation",0
17753,LOL! SOCIAL MEDIA Users Respond To Hillary’s Birthday Tweet To HERSELF…And They’re HILARIOUS!,"Exactly one year ago today on arrogant Hillary Clinton s birthday, she was so sure she d win the presidency, that Hillary actually tweeted a birthday message calling herself the  future president. LOL! What a difference one year makes. Not only is Hillary nowhere near the Oval Office, but she s traveling around the world, on an embarrassing blame everyone but me book tour .  Ironically, the name of the book that Hillary s pushing is  What Happened . Well, unfortunately for Hillary, when it comes to Russian collusion, the world is about to find out  what happened  and Hillary s gonna wish she still some friends in government who could protect her.  Hopefully, this time next year, Hillary will be celebrating her birthday in a federal penitentiary, while wearing an orange jumpsuit.Twitter users destroyed the arrogant Hillary and her  future president  birthday message to herself.  Here are some of the hilarious responses to her tweet from exactly one year ago:Here s a hilarious video featuring a surprise guest to help Hillary celebrate her birthday:One year anniversary of Hillary ""Happy Birthday To This Future President"" tweet; #HappyBirthdayToThisFutureInmate #ThursdayThoughts pic.twitter.com/Rrk0BCWYCK    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) October 26, 2017Donald Trump Jr. (whose tweets are usually hilarious) had this to say about Hillary s birthday message:  A year later the arrogance and entitlement in this tweet is exactly why it was never going to happen. #maga A year later the arrogance and entitlement in this tweet is exactly why it was never going to happen. #maga pic.twitter.com/zQ68AQpPE0  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 26, 2017Former presidential deputy assistant Sebastian Gorka nailed it with this  uranium  cake birthday message to Hillary. LOL!It's Hillary's Birthday.  Here's a cake.  #ClintonUraniumGate pic.twitter.com/vk1jBJ1Vsl  Sebastian Gorka DrG (@SebGorka) October 26, 2017Since she was old enough to dream of the day she d hold the ultimate office of President of the United States, Hillary s been involved in some sort of shady dealing or criminal activity. That s what makes this tweet so hilarious. If there s a crime that s been committed in Washington DC, Hillary s fingerprints are probably on it somewhere.Today is the release of the #JFKFiles. Coincidentally, it s also crooked Hillary s birthday. pic.twitter.com/VyjFbxdQiO  GRANT J. KIDNEY   (@GrantJKidney) October 26, 2017Stacey Stiles, like most of America, is just waiting patiently for the day when Hillary is permanently behind iron bars:Happy Birthday, Hillary. May your next be celebrated behind bars. #UraniumOne #RussiaDossier #ClintonFoundation pic.twitter.com/Bis5tgOOPV  StacyLStiles  (@StacyLStiles) October 26, 2017",0
17754,AMERICAN SERVICEMEN ‘Sing God Bless America’ At World Series Game…The Left Goes Ballistic,"Twitter exploded when  God Bless America  was beautifully sung by American servicemen at the World Series on Tuesday night. The left was  triggered  by the beautiful and patriotic song that they ve been trying to censor from MLB for some time. Several recent articles by Slate and other publications call for  God Bless America  to be omitted from being played at games:NYDN reported: Major League Baseball must permanently retire  God Bless America,  a song that offends everyone The Yankees still play it at every game, but most teams, like my beloved Mets, play  God Bless America  only on Sundays or holidays. But even that s too much. This is why what happened during the seventh inning stretch for game one of the World Series is a beautiful thing:Major League Baseball hit it out of the park by playing a song that s even more despised by the left than the national anthem. It was performed with a little help from American servicemen during the seventh inning stretch:God Bless America!  Thank you God and America! Look NFL no whinny NFL   babies #GoStros @nflcommish #NFLBoycott #BoycottNFLSponsors @MLB pic.twitter.com/FgfeFeoMaX  IBC Medias (@ByChauvin) October 25, 2017Liberals went ballistic on twitter:  The American jingoism is unbearable The left detests patriotism and anything to do with national pride. A very sick mindset.Mike Dalager, a petty officer at the United States Coast Guard second class performs this rendition of God Bless America during the 7th inning stretch at Game 1 of the 2017 World Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Houston Astros. Great performance:",0
17755,DISNEY HAS A DISTURBING SURPRISE For Kids Who Watch Their Top-Rated Show Targeted At Kids 6-14 Yrs Old,"The Walt Disney Company   the same group that s so woke, they once apologized for drawing a fat cartoon that made race-baiters mad   has taken it upon themselves to teach your kids about LGBT rights by featuring their first on-screen gay character.According to this, Disney plans to have one of the main characters on their popular tween show Andi Mack come out as  gay  in this week s episode. Oh   and it s a 13-year-old boy who s got feelings for the main character s crush.Of course, the character s coming out as gay doesn t to do with moving the plotline forward so much as it pushes the pro-LBGT agenda the media are determined to cram down your throat   or, if that fails, your kid s. Andi Mack is a story about  tweens  figuring out who they are,  said Disney Channel in a statement.  (Creator) Terri Minsky, the cast and everyone involved in the show takes great care in ensuring that it s appropriate for all audiences and sends a powerful message about inclusion and respect for humanity. Producers say the  coming out  scene will have the barely-a-teenager telling a friend about his feelings for a boy at school. His friend will tell him it s A-O.K. and perfectly natural for guys to like guys, because Disney s all about creating a brainwashing  supportive  atmosphere. The company added they consulted with several outside advocacy groups to make sure the scene was  age-appropriate  and sufficiently inclusive, including gay activist groups GLAAD and PFLAG, along with the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy and Common Sense Media.Groups that would ve likely had a different opinion about teaching pre-pubescent elementary school kids the importance of being gay didn t make the list.According to ratings data, the median age of Andi Mack s viewers is 10. In fact, the show is the Disney channel s No. 1-rated program among kids six-14. Because nothing says  inclusivity  like teaching six-year-olds about being gay, whether their parents like it or not.  MRCTV ",0
17756,WHY WAS Mandalay Bay Security Guard Caught By Border Agents Crossing Into US From Mexico Only Days After Massacre?,"Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos mysteriously left the country just days after the Las Vegas massacre, a report says.Customs and Border Patrol documents obtained by Fox News show that the 25-year-old entered the United States from Mexico at the San Ysidro border crossing in California   one week after the mass shooting.It s unclear how long Campos was out of the country. The documents only show that he re-entered the US.The young man reportedly crossed the border at the same location in January.While Campos was driving his own vehicle with Nevada plates during that trip, sources told Fox he took a rental car this time around   which was registered in California.The new information raises even more questions about Stephen Paddock s Oct. 1 massacre   such as why authorities would allow Campos to leave the country in the middle of their investigation or how the security guard managed to make it down to Mexico with a gunshot wound to his leg.But was Campos really a security guard? According to Nevada law, every security guard in the state of Nevada has to register as an armed or unarmed guard with the state s Private Investigator s Licensing Board (PILB). This entity s records are publicly searchable at: nevadapilb.glsuite.us.There s no Jesus Campos licensed with the PILB. Here s a close up look at the NV PI Licensing Board:The document above was released by pol News Infinity who has done some amazing investigative work on a number of cases. These documents were posted on Reddit:THE ACCOUNT HAS SINCE BEEN SUSPENDEDWatch Tucker Carlson discuss the mystery surrounding  security guard  Jesus Campos last night on the Tucker Carslon show:Jesus Campos, Las Vegas Security guard & only eye witness, left the country shortly after the shooting took place. @TuckerCarlson pic.twitter.com/EDJmzDG1yG  No One   (@tweettruth2me) October 26, 2017Independent investigative journalist Laura Loomer paid a visit to the home of the  hero  Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort  security guard  who was allegedly shot by the Las Vegas shooter Steven Paddock. Loomer can be seen having a conversation with a paid security guard who refused to say who was paying him to stand in front of Campos  home. Who is this guy and why is he there? The video was taken around the time that Jesus Campos  was supposed to be home, it appears now, that he was actually in (his homeland?) of Mexico.Watch:Investigative Journalist Laura Loomer visits Mandalay Bay ""Hero"" Security Guard Jesus Campos @ His House @miketokes https://t.co/6L0T6ADzPa  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 12, 2017Campos reportedly took a bullet from gunman Stephen Paddock at the start of his killing spree.The union that represents him told Fox they were aware of his trip to Mexico and claimed it was a pre-planned visit. What s unclear, though, is why the group didn t report his whereabouts in the days following the massacre.   NYP ",0
17757,WOW! LOCAL OFFICIAL STUNNED When He Sees Name Written By A Parent On Halloween Tombstone For School Fundraiser,"Liberalism is truly a mental disorder. Sadly, the children of these parents who are so consumed by hate, that they behave like schoolyard bullies, are going to be the ones who pay the price in the end Kids tossing bean bags at a mock tombstone for President Trump at a public school was a  despicable  display of dirty politics the adults forced on the unwitting children, a Gloucester Republican official said, as the furor continued to grow.School officials have apologized for a parent-teacher organization fundraiser last week at West Parish Elementary School   but one GOP official fears the damage is already done. I don t think it s appropriate to put the sitting president s name on a tombstone. It s disrespectful to the office of the president, no matter who he is,  said Amanda Kesterson, who heads the Gloucester Republican City Committee. Unfortunately,  she told the Herald,  in Massachusetts in particular, where Republicans are the minority party and the president is unpopular, I think there is a belief that joking about the president is acceptable   and it s not.   Boston Herald",0
17758,BREAKING NEWS ON CLINTON INFORMANT’S Gag Order Will Have Hillary Shaking In Her Pantsuit,"THIS IS HUGE! The DOJ has authorized the FBI Informant to speak with Congress concerning alleged corruption involving Clintons & Uranium One:BREAKING: DOJ authorizes FBI Informant to speak with Congress concerning alleged corruption involving Clintons & Uranium One. #MAGA #DTS  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 25, 2017FOX NEWS REPORTED: In a statement, the department said it had authorized the informant to discuss the 2013 agreement   known as Uranium One   and related matters with the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the House Oversight committee, and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.Finally- @RepDeSantis:  It s about time  DOJ authorized FBI Informant to speak w/ congress about Clinton Uranium Corruption. #TrumpTrain pic.twitter.com/tBnUjZGzzF  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 26, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE INFORMANT: The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.Senator Grassley called on Sessions to release the info on the gag order by November 1st This should be interesting.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one ",0
17759,BREAKING: BROTHER Of Las Vegas Massacre Suspect Has Been ARRESTED In California,"By now, most of America has seen the crazy video of the Las Vegas mass shooter s brother Eric Paddock. Stephen Paddock s brother Eric, defended his brother, by arguing that he was wealthy and that somehow because he was generous to him and his mother, (which he bragged about ad nauseam) that people should consider looking at his brother in a different light.Watch this compilation of Stephen Paddock s brother Eric Paddock s strangest moments during the interview:The family of the alleged mass murderer Stephen Paddock is very interesting, to say the least. Stephen s father was listed on the FBI s  Most Wanted  list, and now, it appears, there s another alleged criminal in the Paddock family.A brother of Las Vegas mass shooter Stephen Paddock was arrested in Los Angeles on Wednesday on suspicion of possessing hundreds of images of child pornography, according to authorities.Bruce Douglas Paddock, 58, was taken into custody at a nursing facility in the 5300 block of Laurel Canyon Boulevard, in the Valley Village neighborhood, and booked at 8 a.m. Television news footage showed Paddock in a wheelchair being loaded into the back of a van by Los Angeles Police Department officers.Documents filed Tuesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court outlined 20 criminal charges against Paddock, all related to possession of child pornography or the sexual exploitation of children. The felony complaint for the arrest warrant accused Paddock of having more than 600 pornographic images of children or youths, including 10 or more images showing a child younger than 12.The investigation of Paddock began after evidence was found in a Sun Valley business where he had been squatting, the LAPD said in a statement. The evidence was found after Paddock was evicted, police said.Paddock was homeless at the time and couldn t be found, the LAPD said, adding that investigations  recently  tracked him to the North Hollywood facility where he was arrested Wednesday.The LAPD released a photo of Paddock  in case there may be victims of unreported incidents,  who might see it and contact authorities, the department said.Josh Rubenstein, an LAPD spokesman, said Paddock s arrest was the result of an independent investigation by the LAPD and not related to the deadly shooting rampage in Las Vegas. The LAPD s case began before the shooting, he added. There s no connection,  he said.On the night of Oct. 1, 64-year-old Stephen Paddock fired on the crowd at a country music festival from his hotel room in Las Vegas. Paddock killed 58 people in the meticulously planned attack and wounded hundreds more before he shot and killed himself. His motivation remains a mystery, authorities say.On Wednesday, Sandra Breault, a spokeswoman for the FBI in Las Vegas, declined to comment on Bruce Paddock s arrest.Bruce Paddock was apprehended at a nursing home that offers patients long- and short-term medical care. A spokeswoman for the facility confirmed the police activity occurred there, but declined to comment on Paddock, citing patient privacy laws.The suspect is one of four brothers. Their father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, was a convicted bank robber who was once placed on the FBI s Most Wanted list.Bruce Paddock has had numerous run-ins with local law enforcement over the last 25 years, according to Los Angeles County criminal records.  LA Times",0
17760,ABC NEWS REPORTS: Las Vegas Massacre Suspect’s Hard Drive Is MISSING From His Laptop,"The investigation into the Las Vegas massacre Stephen Paddock just keeps getting more and more strange. Since the shooting massacre that took the lives of 59, and injured hundreds of others in Las Vegas at the Rt. 91 country music festival, we ve seen several timeline changes, a lockdown of the Las Vegas coroner s office, a very strange protection around the  security guard  at the Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort, including an armed guard and a scripted appearance on the Ellen Show. And now like some of the most well-known mass shooters before him, Stephen Paddock s hard drive is missing ?ABC News  A laptop computer recovered from the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history was missing its hard drive, depriving investigators of a potential key source of information on why he killed and maimed so many people, ABC News has learned.Paddock is believed to have removed the hard drive before fatally shooting himself, and the missing device has not yet been recovered, sources told ABC News.Investigators digging into Paddock s background also learned he purchased software designed to erase files from a hard drive, but without the hard drive to examine it is impossible to know if he ever used the software, one source said.The absence of substantial digital clues has left investigators struggling to piece together what triggered Paddock to kill 58 innocent concertgoers and injure more than 500 others on Oct. 1.Did Paddock remove the hard drive or is there something more to this story? Is there some connection to evidence being removed from laptops or cell phones from suspects of 3 of the most well-known mass shooting cases in America?According to ABC News (who dismisses this curious evidence as a casual coincidence):In 2007, Virginia Tech shooter Cho Seung Huiremoved the hard drive of his computer and disposed of his cell phone shortly before the massacre. Authorities even searched a pond for the missing digital media, but the devices were never recovered.The 2008 Northern Illinois shooter, Steven Kazmierczak, removed the SIM card from his phone and the hard drive from his laptop, and neither was recovered.In 2012, Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza had removed the hard drive from his computer and smashed it with a hammer or screwdriver. ",0
17761,"GUESS WHO’S TRYING To Tie Amnesty For Nearly 800,000 ILLEGALS To End-of-Year Spending Deal? TWO HINTS: It’s Not A Democrat and He Has A Huge Wall Around His Home","Hey, Paul do you hear that huge sucking sound? That s the sound of arrogant elected officials sprinting from Washington DC, like US Senators Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Bob Corker (R-TN), as they watch polling numbers confirm their worst fears that they have no chance of being re-elected.  Americans are no longer willing to wait around for you to do the right thing.  We re holding every member of Congress accountable. If you re not working in the best interests of America and the American worker, you ll be drained from the swamp Breitbart   House Speaker Paul Ryan s closed-door announcement of slipping amnesty for nearly 800,000 illegal aliens covered by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program into an end-of-the-year spending deal comes less than a month after a DACA recipient has been accused of murder.Ryan, according to members of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), is planning to put together a spending deal that includes giving amnesty to the DACA illegal aliens, as Breitbart News reported. He did talk about the fact that that would be good if we could get ahead of that as opposed to being reactionary,  RSC Chairman Mark Walker (R-NC) told the HuffPost following the meeting with Ryan.Two House Republicans confirmed to the HuffPost that Ryan mentioned at the gathering slipping DACA amnesty into the spending deal.Ryan s leaking of a secret plan to attach amnesty to a spending bill comes less than a month after Breitbart News confirmed that a DACA recipient allegedly murdered a high school student in South Carolina.Voters need to ask Ryan why he s so determined to allow nearly 800,000 illegal aliens who are protected by DACA, many of whom were not children when they illegally crossed our borders, and are in fact, members of  violent gangs like MS-13, or who have a criminal history in the U.S. but are protected by sanctuary cities or counties. Paul Ryan has a huge wall around his personal residence in Wisconsin however, to keep the  bad hombres  out.As Breitbart News s photographic documentation reveals, Ryan s home is surrounded by a tall border fence reinforced by equally high bushes  ensuring both privacy and security. Moreover, the fence is manned by an on-duty agent who guards his property s perimeter. Upon even the slightest appearance of any unusual activity  such as a 5 2  female taking a photograph of the fence  Ryan s border agent will deploy into action to ensure the perimeter s sovereignty.Daniel De Jesus Rangel Sherrer, 19, was one of the nearly 800,000 illegal aliens shielded from deportation and given a work permit under DACA, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) confirmed to Breitbart Texas.Sherrer was charged in connection with the murder of 18-year-old Diana Martinez-Gonzalez, who was found shot to death in a wooded area in the town of Easley, South Carolina.Sherrer is now facing first-degree murder charges, and if he is released from prison at any time, he will be deported.Last week it was also reported that a 5-time deported, illegal alien, Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, was arrested on suspicion of intentionally starting the wildfires that ravaged through Sonoma County. ",0
17762,TV EXECUTIVES In Discussion About CANCELLING Thursday Night NFL Games,"Capitalism at work. It s funny how the loss of real money has a way of helping to remind NFL owners and the networks who support them, who are writing the checks. One hint it s not the guys disrespecting our flag.Network executives are scrambling to solve the growing problem of crashing ratings for the National Football League, by cutting games to end the perceived  over-saturation  of football on TV.To put an end to the sliding ratings, the executives are proposing that fewer games may be the ticket to stop that  over-saturation,  with one idea being to cut Thursday Night Football by a whopping ten games.The idea to trim Thursday Night Football from 18 games a season to only eight was first reported by Sports Business Journal and was part of a plan to reverse the ratings crash that also includes pulling games played in the U.K. back to 1 PM eastern time (6PM London time).Indeed the amount of football on TV has exploded in the last decade.Ratings are still down despite the small rise seen in Week 7. NBC Sports is off 21 percent from 2015, CBS Sports is down 14 percent compared to 2015, and ESPN s Monday Night Football has sunk 17 percent over 2015. -BreitbartRasmussen reports that nearly one-third (32 percent) of adults say they re less likely to watch NFL game telecasts because of the Kaepernick-led player protests against racial injustice. The telephone/online survey of 1,000 American adults was conducted Oct. 2-3.This letter from a die-hard Pittsburg Steelers fan hits the nail on the head, as it relates to how NFL fans feel about the players who continue to disrespect our flag: I want to thank you for freeing up my Sundays. Some of the earliest memories of my life are watching Steelers games with my dad. I was once a season-ticket holder. I have occasionally missed a few games on TV through the years due to scheduling conflicts, but I can honestly say in my 44 years of living, I have never intentionally turned off a Steelers game. That changed today. As I sat down to watch the Steelers-Bears game today, I learned from the sideline reporter that the Steelers chose not to participate in the national anthem. I realize that there is a lot of injustice in our country. I realize that there are a lot of people upset at the current administration. I realize that we live in a free country where people have the freedom to not participate in the national anthem. I also have the freedom to not spend another minute or dollar on your product. I am of the opinion that this is quite possibly the worst way to go about  protesting.  If you want to hold a rally at Heinz Field to allow your players to voice their opinions, that would be fine. If you want all the Steelers and NFL players to march on Washington D.C., fine. But to not participate in the national anthem is an insult to every serviceman who has served or has passed away defending this country. If you are truly that unhappy with the country, feel free to play for the CFL. So thank you, Steelers and NFL, for freeing up my Sundays. I will no longer waste my time or money watching your product. The weather today the in Pittsburgh area is beautiful and I can not think of a better day to spend it outside, away from the TV.   Jim Coletti, former fan ",0
17763,"WHERE’S THE MEDIA? BLM Blocked Streets, Stormed Football Field Over BLACK MAN Who Sprayed “KKK Go Home N***ers” On Campus Wall","In September of 2016, 3 separate reports of racist graffiti that was sprayed on the walls of Eastern Michigan University were made by students. Students voiced their anger over the graffiti on their campus and held large protests demanding answers to what they considered to be a problem the university needed to fix.  The angry students on the EMU campus responded by storming the college football field, they blocked traffic, they stormed the library with loud and disruptive protests, and they also held large protests on campus, with chants of  We ve got to fight back! Controversial Times reported that students were demanding  answers  and that they didn t care who did it!  I am highly upset about the actions that took place on this wall. I want answers. I want to know what EMU is going to do outside of just removing the writing. These are the type of hate crimes we are just sick of. I want to know how is EMU going to make me feel comfortable to be at this institution,  said Zachary Badger-House, EMU student, Media Studies and Journalism major. We need answers! The people in power know how we feel, so at this point it doesn t matter who did it, or if there is a reward for information regarding this incident. What matters is the fact that this happened on our campus, and that covering it up was the only solution they could think of at the time. It isn t enough. It s one thing for these actions to happen somewhere in the world, but it is happening right here on our campus,  said Armani Davis, EMU student, Social Work major.It has now been reported by Ypsilanti, MI police that the person who is responsible for the  hate crime  has been arrested, and is in their custody. Eddie Curlin, 29, a black student who studied at the school from 2014 to 2016, is the person responsible for the  racist  graffiti aimed at black students.According to a statement from the university, Curlin is already serving a sentence in jail on an unrelated charge. The suspect, identified as Eddie Curlin, is a former student at Eastern who attended from 2014 to early 2016,  the school s statement read.  He is currently in custody of the Michigan Department of Corrections serving a one-to-five year sentence on an unrelated charge of receiving and concealing stolen property. Yesterday, the President of EMU, James Smith spoke with local Detroit WJR radio host, Guy Gordon to discuss the arrest of the black man who spray-painted the  racist  graffiti. Smith told Gordon that the incident has caused the school to take a big hit in admissions. Where s the mainstream media that was all over this story when it happened?Who will apologize for the disruptive actions of these protesters who assumed that the person responsible was a white person?Black Lives Matter protesters stormed an EMU football game to demand justice:#BLM student protest at Eastern Michigan University remains peaceful. Security keeping them away from field. pic.twitter.com/EN5OimGCqG  John Schriffen (@JohnSchriffen) September 24, 2016Protesters on the campus at EMU blocked traffic:Blocking off the Streets #EmuWhatYouGoneDo #TeamEMU pic.twitter.com/7Nsu6Bb23i   Enchufe  (@GeekGhost) September 20, 2016Protesters stood in front of campus buildings and chanted,  We ve got to fight back!  Who, are they going to  fight back  now that law enforcement has discovered a black man painted the  hate speech  graffiti on the campus walls?Fight back #TeamEMU pic.twitter.com/SFm6ARR3EB  Cee-Cee (@Candor_c) September 20, 2016This student got  chills  as she watched BLM terror groups rip through quiet libraries banging drums and screaming,  No justice, no peace!  Now that a black man has been identified as the person who spray-painted the hateful graffiti against blacks, will they return to the library to apologize to the students they threatened with their disruptive behavior?The view from the basement of Halle earlier today. Incredibly powerful #teamEMU pic.twitter.com/foBevQKDkw  Serena   (@Renasuhh) September 20, 2016This student led a chant with other students shouting,  We have nothing to lose but our chains! #TeamEMU #TruEMU We came wit it today ! #BlackLivesMatter   pic.twitter.com/zNsKMwOcn4  Alonzo (@AlonzoDReed) September 21, 2016Breitbart News   Naturally, the university launched a series of programs assuming that the perpetrator of the incidents was a white racist. The events included a day-long  teach-in  on racism and diversity, as well as vigils to show support for minority students and other events.Although the suspect is black, the school has vowed to continue its renewed diversity programs.No motive for the attack has been released, but Chief Heighes called the attacks  totally self-serving  and not  driven by politics or race. But of course, they can t determine a motive ",0
17764,IT BEGINS: KAMIKAZE DRONE Equipped With Bomb To Be Set Off By Remote Detonator Found In Stolen Truck…Could Be Used For Terror Attacks Against U.S. Targets,"This is a truly disturbing discovery and an unimaginable threat that needs to be taken very seriously by our government Mexican police discovered four men carting a kamikaze drone equipped with an IED and a remote detonator last week, in what analysts say is an example of cartels figuring out how to weaponizing UAVs.The disturbing development is a manifestation of something top American security chiefs warned Congress about earlier this year, when they said they feared terrorists would begin to use drones to attack targets within the U.S.Drug cartels had already been turning to drones to smuggle their product into the U.S., and had begun using IEDs in their turf struggles   but now at least cartel appears to have put the two technologies together, according to Mexican reports analyzed by Small Wars Journal. A weaponized drone/unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)/unmanned aerial system (UAS) with a remotely detonated IED allows for a precision strike to take place against an intended target,  Robert Bunker and John P. Sullivan, the authors of the new analysis, wrote.The drone-IED combination was found in central Mexico, by federal police who did a traffic stop on a stolen pickup truck with four men in it.Police found an AK-47, ammunition, phones and what the Small Wars Journal authors said appears to be a 3DR Solo Quadcopter, which retails for about $250 online. Taped to the drone was an IED, which could be trigger by remote detonator.Mr. Bunker and Mr. Sullivan said the  dron bomba,  as they labeled it, was the next step for cartels that have been using papas bombas, or potato bombs   a roughly shaped sphere with a core of explosives and nails and other shrapnel packed inside for the most lethal reach.The analysts said several examples of potato bombs have been detected in Mexico this year.In August, U.S. Border Patrol agents nabbed a $5,000 drone and seized a $46,000 meth load in southern California, after one agent detected it flying overhead. Agents also apprehended the man assigned to pick up the load, who said he had made a number of such pickups and was paid $1,000 each time.Meanwhile, the chiefs of the FBI and National Counterterrorism Center told Congress last month that they are worried Islamic State terrorists who have pioneered weaponized drones in the Middle East will use the tactic inside the U.S. to spread a toxin or drop a grenade.  Washington Times",0
17765,WOW! LOOK WHO PAID For The Russia Dossier That Triggered FBI To Investigate Trump,"Will Trump s AG Jeff Sessions allow Crooked Hillary and friends to walk from their alleged involvement in the dossier that turned into a full-fledged witch hunt for President Trump, his associates, and his family? It s hard to imagine watching Hillary walking away from this one Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee paid opposition research firm Fusion GPS to compile the  Russian dossier  that triggered an FBI investigation into possible collusion between Donald Trump s presidential campaign and the Russian government, according to a report Tuesday by the Washington Post.Clinton Corruption- WaPo reports DNC & Clinton paid for debunked Trump Dossier. Russia collusion was with Dems in 2016 election. #MAGA #DTS pic.twitter.com/4OnuUx01lB  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 25, 2017A Republican had contracted first with Fusion GPS, and Clinton and the DNC continued to fund Fusion GPS s work, the report says.According to the Post:Mark Elias, a lawyer representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC, retained Fusion GPS, a Washington firm, to conduct the research.After that, Fusion GPS hired dossier author Christopher Steele, a former British intelligence officer with ties to the FBI and the U.S. intelligence community  Before that agreement, Fusion GPS s research into Trump was funded by a still unknown Republican client during the GOP primary.So, who is that  still unknown Republican ? Could it be Senator John McCain, the petty and spiteful sworn emeny of Donald Trump? What about his admission in January 2017, that he was the one who passed along the dossier of claims of a Russian blackmail plot against the president-elect? McCain called it doing  what any citizen should do .McCain   a longstanding anti-Trump Republican who had disassociated himself from the candidate s campaign weeks before the election   cast himself as an innocent and concerned member of the public as he justified his move.He claimed he had no idea whether it was accurate or not   but that he believed the FBI should have it because it was  sensitive . I did what any citizen should do. I received sensitive information and handed it to the FBI,  he told CNN   the network which broke the story that the document existed. It was then published in full by Buzzfeed. The Arizona senator issued a public statement amid mounting questions of his exact role in the affair   and how a document riddled with errors and unverifiable claims came to be published. Late last year, I received sensitive information that has since been made public,  he said. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue. But the 2008 Republican loser, who disowned his party s candidate weeks before the election, may have been far more intimately involved than that.  Daily MailThe Clinton campaign and the DNC, through the law firm, continued to fund Fusion GPS s research through the end of October 2016, days before Election Day.The  Russian dossier,  whose contents Trump has denied and which has been widely discredited, is believed to have led the FBI to investigate the Trump campaign and several Trump associates.Until now, Fusion GPS has continued to refuse to cooperate with congressional panels investigating Russian attempts to intervene in the election, and how the Obama administration probed those efforts. Democrats have also protected the company.The revelation that the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee were involved in procuring the salacious accusations against Trump that fed their own later accusations of Russian interference in the election lends credence to those who, like Trump himself, have regarded the Russia accusations as conspiracy theories.   Breitbart ",0
17766,BOOM! PRESIDENT TRUMP’S National Park Service CANCELS Taxpayer Funding For Project Honoring Violent Black Panther’s Group That Killed Park Ranger,"Beyonce made an attempt to glorify the violent Black Panther s group during her NFL Superbowl halftime show in 2015. Former President Barack Obama once marched with the New Black Panthers while campaigning for president in Selma, AL in March, 2007. The photographs, captured from a Flickr photo-sharing account before it was scrubbed, are the latest evidence of the mainstream media s failure to examine Obama s extremist ties and radical roots.The National Park Service told the Washington Free Beacon it is no longer providing funding for a controversial project  honoring the legacy  of the Black Panther Party after outrage that the agency would spend taxpayer dollars to memorialize a group that murdered a park ranger in the 1970s.The Free Beacon revealed last month that the Park Service gave roughly $100,000 to the University of California, Berkeley for a research project on the Marxist extremist group to  memorialize a history that brought meaning to lives far beyond the San Francisco Bay Area. A captain in the Black Panther Party murdered National Park Service ranger Kenneth Patrick while he was on patrol near San Francisco in 1973. Patrick was shot three times by Veronza Leon Curtis Bowers Jr., who is currently serving a life sentence for first-degree murder. Patrick left behind a widow and three children.The Fraternal Order of Police, the largest organization of sworn law enforcement officers with over 330,000 members, sent a letter to President Donald Trump last week expressing  outrage and shock  that the National Park Service would fund a project honoring the legacy of the Black Panther Party. Mr. President, as far as we are concerned the only meaning they brought to any lives was grief to the families of their victims,  wrote Chuck Canterbury, the national president of the Fraternal Order of Police.  According to our research, members of this militant anti-American group murdered 16 law enforcement officers over the course of their history. Among their victims was U.S. Park Ranger Kenneth C. Patrick. He was murdered in cold blood by three members of the Black Panther Party on 5 August 1973. His killer, who remains behind bars, still considers himself a Black Panther and a  political prisoner.' It is appalling that the National Park Service, Ranger Patrick s own agency, now proposes to partner with [Berkeley] and two active members of this violent and repugnant organization,  Canterbury said.The FBI labels the Black Panther Party as advocates for  the use of violence and guerilla tactics to overthrow the U.S. government. At a time when many in our nation feel strongly that memorials to aspects of the darker times in our history be removed from public lands, why would the NPS seek to commemorate the activities of an extremist separatist group that advocated the use of violence against our country a country they perceived as their enemy?  Canterbury asked.  This is a despicable irony and we hope you can bring it to an end by halting [the grant] immediately. ",0
17767,ELIZABETH “Fauxchahontas” WARREN CAUGHT LYING Again…This Time About Sexual Harassment,"Serial liar and 2020 Democrat presidential hopeful Senator Elizabeth Warren just can t help herself. In an effort to try to make herself relevant and in what seems like a desperate attempt to address her irrelevancy, Warren appears to have made up a sick story of sexual harassment at the hands of a law professor at Harvard University.After her account about what happened with the now deceased Harvard law professor on Meet the Press, the Boston Herald called out the senator, who has a history of lying. In 1997, Elizabeth Warren was listed as the Harvard Law s  first woman of color  in a law review piece on diversity and affirmative action.Elizabeth Warren pushed back hard on questions about a Harvard Crimson piece in 1996 that described her as Native American, saying she had no idea the school where she taught law was billing her that way and saying it never came up during her hiring a year earlier, which others have backed up.But a 1997 Fordham Law Review piece described her as Harvard Law School s  first woman of color,  based, according to the notes at the bottom of the story, on a  telephone interview with Michael Chmura, News Director, Harvard Law (Aug. 6, 1996). GPThe Boston Herald set the record straight about Warren s  new  account of  events with the now deceased law professor:U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren reportedly switched up her account of sexual harassment that she relayed this weekend in a televised #MeToo testimonial from an earlier  light-hearted  version .But the Boston Globe reported last night that Warren recounted the same incident in a  more light-hearted manner  at a memorial service after the professor s death in 1997   an account the Globe noted was  inconsistent  with her story on Sunday. During the service after his death in 1997, Warren spoke fondly of law professor Eugene Smith and told the gathered mourners she was laughing as Smith chased her around his desk, according to a colleague s memoir,  the Globe reported.The author of the memoir, John Mixon, told the paper,  I may have been wrong saying she was laughing,  adding that he was writing about the service 15 years after the fact.The paper also noted that Warren failed to mention on  Meet The Press  that Smith had polio.The Globe said Warren told the broadsheet yesterday she shared the story at the memorial service as a statement about Smith s authority. It was 20 years later, and he didn t have power over me any more,  Warren told the newspaper, which noted she was by then a Harvard law professor.",0
17768,Did Hillary Clinton REALLY Break Her Toe? [VIDEO],"On Friday, freelance reporter and political consultant Michael J. Hout tweeted a photo of Hillary Clinton walking with forearm crutches at Yale Law School on Saturday. Hillary told the world that she broke her toe while walking downstairs with a cup of coffee in her hand, while she was in the UK promoting her ridiculous book  What Happened , that tells the story of  how it s everyone else s fault but her own that she lost the presidential election to Donald Trump. Hillary Clinton at @YaleLawSch today wearing braces of some kind pic.twitter.com/kduS19CkbU  Michael J. Hout (@michaeljhout) October 22, 2017But is that really  What Happened ? The Washington Free Beacon took a closer look at Hillary s story to see if she really broke her toe, if she just had a bit too much to drink, or if she s hiding from interviews after the new Uranium One story broke, with evidence of Hillary selling 20% of America s uranium to Russia in return for contributions to her Clinton Foundation slush fund.Watch:",0
17769,BILL O’REILLY EMBARRASSES Megyn Kelly…Publishes Letters She Wrote Thanking Him For Being A “Dear Friend” and For “Years” of Support After She Bashed Him On Her Flailing NBC Morning Show [VIDEO],"Megyn Kelly is quite possibly the least popular host on television. She s also quite possibly one of the highest paid hosts on one of the lowest rated morning shows on television. In her desperate attempt to do just about anything for ratings, the very unlikeable host went after Fox News and the former top-rated host Bill O Reilly. Was Kelly s on-air letter an attempt to jump on Hollywood s anti-sexual harassment bandwagon? Was she hoping to endear herself to a more left-leaning audience, since she clearly has no hope of ever regaining the conservative fans she lost when she attacked then-candidate Trump during a FOX News hosted GOP primary presidential debate? The NBC News host made the reveal before welcoming former Fox News host and O Reilly accuser Juliet Huddy onto her Monday talk show.Former Fox News host Juliet Huddy spoke out for the first time about her accusations against Bill O Reilly and what women face when going up against a corporation on Monday s Megyn Kelly Today.During an opening segment about this weekend s report of new sexual harassment revelations against O Reilly, former Fox News host Kelly revealed that she, too, had complained about O Reilly s behavior. She said she understands the roadblocks women see when speaking out about sexual harassment, something an emotional Huddy explained as  You are just this one person about to go up against a machine. It s daunting and frightening and it holds you back from taking action sometimes. Earlier this year, the New York Times reported that Huddy said O Reilly pursued a sexual relationship with her in 2011 and that when she rebuffed his advances he tried to derail her career. Allegations included O Reilly calling Huddy repeatedly, sometimes sounding as if he were masturbating, and after asking her to return a key to his hotel room, he appeared at the door in his boxer shorts. In exchange for her agreement not to sue, she was paid a sum in the high six figures, though 21st Century Fox and O Reilly said her allegations were false.To open the show, Kelly made public for the first time a letter (below) she wrote to the co-presidents of Fox News about O Reilly, displaying the note she sent to Bill Shine and Jack Abernethy during the top of her show while discussing this weekend s Times report about a new sexual harassment settlement made by O Reilly. Fox News was not exactly a friendly environment for harassment victims who wanted to report, in my experience,  Kelly said.  However, O Reilly s suggestion that no one ever complained about his behavior is false. I know because I complained. Not so fast Megyn Bill O Reilly immediately revealed 2 handwritten letters from Megyn Kelly where she gushed all over him and how much she appreciated him on his website:My former FNC colleagues Megyn Kelly & Gretchen Carlson wrote me notes when we worked together. You can read them on https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C  Bill O'Reilly (@BillOReilly) October 23, 2017Here are Kelly s letters to O Reilly: O Reilly even took it a step further and released a letter from sexual harassment accuser and former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson:Here is Carlson s letter to O Reilly:Bill  Thank you for being the calm in the sea.Thank you so much for supporting me.Thank you for being my friend.It means the world to meGC[Gretchen Carlson]Megyn immediately got hammered on Twitter after O Reilly released her letters to him. This tweet is from NYC radio talk show host Mark Simone:Yet Megyn Kelly forgets to mention that NBC covered up the Harvey Weinstein story for a year. Must have had another hard break.  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) October 23, 2017A desperate Megyn Kelly tries a Hail Mary pass to save her ratings disaster show: https://t.co/54BhadCVH2  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) October 23, 2017This is NOT Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, but the Twitter user who goes by the name of  Rex Tillerson  landed a knockout punch to the former top-rated Fox News host.Ahh, the sweet sound of Megyn Kelly diving off the cliff of relevance & gradually disappearing into the abyss of obscurity.  Rex Tilllerson (@RexTilllerson) October 23, 2017Megyn Kelly has only sexism card left in playing the victim for relevancyThanks for playing, megyn, you're cancelled  #MondayMotivation  PinkAboutIt   (@Pink_About_it) October 23, 2017 ",0
17770,"WORLD’S MOST POPULAR Search Engine Places FICTIONAL Story At Top Of News Feed:”Melania Trump is Lonely, Racist and Obsessed With Michelle Obama”","Google is the search engine the majority of people in the world go if they need to look up something. In fact, it is estimated that over 30 BILLION searches are performed on Google every month. Google now has a special feature for mobile users. When you go to search for a topic on Google, a news feed appears under the search bar, with what users expect to be the most popular current stories. But are they the most popular stories, or are they simply Google s contribution to the leftist propaganda machine? With all of the news breaking about Hillary s Uranium One deal with Russia, surely readers wouldn t expect to find some fictional story about Melania being a  racist ,  as the top story on Google s mobile newsfeed or would they?    Here s the story that appeared at the top of Google s news feed today:Newsweek: Melania Trump is lonely and obsessed with Michelle Obama. At least in Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie s version of events anyway.The Nigerian author has penned a short story for the The New York Times  style magazine, T, which paints the first lady referred to throughout only as  Mrs T as the reluctant wife of the president who displays an unease with her political fame. And she s a little bit racist, too.Adichie s  micronovel,  Janelle Asked to the Bedroom, envisions a conversation between a forlorn Trump and her pilates instructor Janelle. The story was published on the Times website and on the T magazine Instagram page.In the short story, Janelle is unusually called to join Mrs T in her bedroom, rather than her home gym, and is surprised to find the first lady looking  disheveled, her manner distracted. Adichie s fictional account also portrays Trump as envious of her predecessor s natural ease in the role of first lady. Mrs T shows Janelle a video she s been watching on YouTube of Michelle Obama visiting a classroom. She also reveals a folder full of pictures of Obama on her laptop.  Look at this. I always look at them for the inspiration,  she says.In this fictional world, Mrs T s only source of joy comes from her 11-year-old son, Barron. The first lady perks up speaking to her son, who is described as  sweetly shy and polite, dependent on his mother for his sense of self. But Adichie s imagined Trump also exhibits a casual racism that her husband, President Donald Trump, is often accused of sharing.Mrs T makes a prejudicial remark when Janelle informs her that her son has been accepted to Harvard University.  He got scholarship to go?  she asks.  How automatic, this assumption of a scholarship, and Janelle knew she meant a scholarship not of smarts but of skin,  writes Adichie.Janelle Asked to the Bedroom follows an earlier, pre-election short story by Adichie, The Arrangements, also written for the Times.In that story, published in June 2016, Trump quietly doubts her husband s chances of winning the presidency. It also depicts a strained relationship between her and Donald Trump s children from previous marriages, particularly Ivanka Trump, whose close relationship with her husband she envies.Why would Google choose to put that ridiculous story of pure fiction about Melania, that claims she s a  racist  at the top of their newsfeed? Who, at Google is in charge of deciding which  news  stories will appear at the top of the feed? Let s take a look at the next two stories, following the fictional Melania smear story:The next most popular story on Google s  news  feed was about Hillary. The story wasn t about what is likely the biggest political scandal in American history, as a massive coverup that involves former Sec of State Hillary Clinton, Rober Mueller, Jim Comey, Barack Obama, Rod Rosenstein, Andrew McCabe and Bill Clinton, it was instead, about how the spies that Hillary helped to send back to Russia after the FBI caught them, were coming ever closer to her, while they were here in the U.S. spying. The next most popular story on Google s newsfeed was about the media s obsession with Rex Tillerson abandoning his post as Trump s Sec of State. Even though Tillerson has denied those claims, Google s third story in their line up was about who Tillerson s replacement will be:So, where s a reader to go when they re just looking for a list of top stories without the propaganda? ",0
17771,WATCH: SANCTIMONIOUS ANTI-TRUMP Hollywood IMPLODES…Best Friends Turn On Each Other To Save Their Careers and Their New Movie SUBURBICON,"Anti-Trump besties Matt Damon and George Clooney sat down with Good Morning America s Michael Strahan to discuss their good friend, Democrat mega-donor and accused rapist and serial sexual predator, Harvey Weinstein. Not only did both actors, who owe much of their successful careers to Harvey Weinstein, wait until their reputations were on the line to speak out about the sexual predator, but they waited until only days before their new movie,  SUBURBICON  is about to debut, to say that they actually knew more about the abuse women received at the hands of the bully movie mogul than they had previously admitted to.Notably absent in the interview is the third actor Ben Affleck, who completes the trio of bestie actors. After Affleck spoke out on the Harvey Weinstein controversy, he was also accused of covering up Weinstein s behavior, as well as videos that show Affleck used his power to prey on innocent women. Notice how quickly Damon throws Affleck under the bus, saying he knew, but only told Damon (who of course, never told anyone else).Americans who are sick and tired of sanctimonious, holier-than-thou liberals who have no values or morals, yet try to shame Americans for supporting political candidates who don t hold the same liberal views as theirs, are left with only one option #BoycottSuburbicon and #BoycottHollywood In the interview that aired on Monday morning, George Clooney and Matt Damon said that they knew Weinstein was a  bully  and  womanizer  who bragged of bedding actresses but had no idea about the level of criminal behavior that was occurring behind closed doors in hotels.Damon also confessed that he was aware Weinstein had sexually harassed  the first lady of Miramax  Gwyneth Paltrow just before the actress shot the 1996 film adaptation of Jane Austen s  Emma  for the studio. I knew the story about Gwyneth from Ben [Affleck] because he was with her after Brad [Pitt] and so I knew that story,  said Damon. But I was working with Gwyneth and with Harvey on [the 1999 film  The Talented Mr.] Ripley. He then added:   I never talked to Gwyneth about it but Ben told me that whatever or agreement they had come to there was an understanding   and he treated her incredibly respectfully. Always. Affleck and Pitt have not spoken about the incident, and Damon s revelation that he learned about Weinstein s behavior from his friend may cause even more problems for the embattled actor as it seems to contradict his initial statement. I am saddened and angry that a man who I worked with used his position of power to intimidate, sexually harass and manipulate many women over decades,  said Affleck almost one week after news of the scandal broke in a carefully-worded response that seemed to suggest he had never before heard any of the allegations.Damon s decision to characterize the relationship between Paltrow and Weinstein as  always  respectful is a bit odd as well, considering her admission that she had been sexually harassed by the mogul is part of the reason the men were sitting down for the interview.Clooney meanwhile said that like many of Weinstein s victims, he had been told a number of times by the mogul that he was bedding a number of stars. Harvey would talk to me about women that he had had affairs with,  said Clooney. I didn t necessarily believe him quite honestly because to believe him would be to believe the worst of some actresses who were friends of mine, and I didn t really think that they had affairs with Harvey   and clearly, they didn t.He then added:  But the idea that this predator, this assaulter was out there silencing women like that, it s beyond infuriating. And the fact that the story is coming out now and the more it comes out, I want to know all of it. Daily MailWatch, as these two actors desperately attempt to save their upcoming movie,  Suburbicon , as well as their Hollywood careers:""He didn't do it out in the open.""   Matt Damon on Harvey Weinstein: https://t.co/fBSMwurc1A pic.twitter.com/oj1xEPTapz  Good Morning America (@GMA) October 23, 2017 It s indefensible. That s the only word you can start with. Harvey s admitted to it, and it s indefensible. I ve known Harvey for 20 years. He gave me my first big break as an actor in films on From Dusk Till Dawn, he gave me my first big break as a director with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. We ve had dinners, we ve been on location together, we ve had arguments. But I can tell you that I ve never seen any of this behavior ever.I ve heard rumors, and the rumors, in general, started back in the  90s, and they were that certain actresses had slept with Harvey to get a role. It seemed like a way to smear the actresses and demean them by saying that they didn t get the jobs based on their talent, so I took those rumors with a grain of salt. But the other part of this, the part we re hearing now about eight women being paid off, I didn t hear anything about that and I don t know anyone that did. That s a whole other level and there s no way you can reconcile that. There s nothing to say except that it s indefensible.A lot of people are doing the  you had to know  thing right now, and yes, if you re asking if I knew that someone who was very powerful had a tendency to hit on young, beautiful women, sure. But I had no idea that it had gone to the level of having to pay off eight women for their silence, and that these women were threatened and victimized. I ve been talking with a lot of people about this, and I don t know many people who knew of that.There s an argument that everyone is complicit in it. I suppose the argument would be, that it s not just about Hollywood, but about all of us, that every time you see someone using their power and influence to take advantage of someone without power and influence and you don t speak up, you re complicit. And there s no question about that. ",0
17772,NYC REFUSED TO ARREST 5 Illegals Including A Sexual Abuser…You Won’t Believe Why!,"You might want to sit down for this one The policy of NYC is so upside down and crazy that you might now believe it! The policy is to just let criminal illegal aliens roam the streets instead of deporting them or locking them up. I kid you not! The theory from the brainiacs at city hall is that this promotes public safety .PROMOTES PUBLIC SAFETY???WELL, ICE ISN T PUTTING UP WITH THIS ANY MORE!  THEY ARRESTED THE CRIMINALS ANYWAY!Earlier this week, U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement announced in a press release that they arrested five illegal aliens from four different countries, including an Indian national wanted for assault and sexual abuse, after New York City refused to cooperate federal immigration law.New York City is a sanctuary city, meaning that they do not demand their police department cooperate with federal immigration laws nor requests from immigration officials, particularly on orders such as  detainers. Detainers serve as a legally-authorized request, upon which a law enforcement agency may rely, to continue to maintain custody of an alien for up to 48 hours so that ICE may assume custody for removal purposes,  according to the October 18 press release. But some cities simply  catch and release  these criminals in hopes of promoting cooperation between the city and the illegal alien community.In fact, Mayor Bill De Blasio orders that the New York City Police Department routinely ignore these requests. De Blasio officials have said that their sanctuary city policies promote public safety.All of these men are illegal aliens and all have been arrested for various degrees of drug possession or violence in the past. But, NYPD has never reported them to authorities. In their desire to appear politically correct, De Blasio s administration is allowing criminals to roam the streets.HOW IS THIS PROMOTING PUBLIC SAFETY?READ MORE: TH",0
17773,YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP: Special Counsel Leading Trump-Russia Collusion Investigation Is Person Who Gave Russians Uranium Under Direction Of Crooked Hillary,"You seriously can t make this stuff up Wouldn t it be great if we had a real and honest media, and this was the top story of the day today?Zero Hedge   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton facilitated the transfer a highly enriched uranium (HEU) previously confiscated by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) during a 2006  nuclear smuggling sting operation involving one Russian national and several Georgian accomplices,  a newly leaked classified cable shows.So-called  background  information was provided in the cable which gave vague details on a 2006 nuclear smuggling sting operation in which the U.S. government took possession of some HEU previously owned by the Russians. Over two years ago Russia requested a ten-gram sample of highly enriched uranium (HEU) seized in early 2006 in Georgia during a nuclear smuggling sting operation involving one Russian national and several Georgian accomplices. The seized HEU was transferred to U.S. custody and is being held at a secure DOE facility. The secret  action request,  dated Aug. 17, 2009, was sent out by Secretary of State Clinton and was addressed to the United States Ambassador to Georgia Embassy Tbilisi, the Russian Embassy, and Ambassador John Beyrle.It proposed that FBI Director Robert Mueller be the one that personally conducts the transfer a 10-gram sample of HEU to Russian law enforcement sources during a secret  plane-side  meeting on a  tarmac  in the early fall of 2009. We require that the transfer of this material be conducted at the airport, on the tarmac near by the plane, upon arrival of the Director s aircraft. Gateway Pundit    The cable also states that  Given Russia s reluctance to act so far, FBI Mueller s delivery of this sample will underscore to Russia our commitment to follow through on this case.  It continues in stating,  Embassy Moscow is requested to alert at the highest appropriate level the Russian Federation that FBI Director Mueller plans to deliver the HEU sample once he arrives to Moscow on September 21. The cable summarizes that,  We regret that the April visit by Director Mueller could not take place due to a scheduling conflict.  and makes a final request that,  We require that the transfer of this material be conducted at the airport, on the tarmac near by the plane, upon arrival of the Director s aircraft. Now knowing that the Obama Administration and Hillary Clinton hid the FBI investigation into the Uranium One deal, this cable brings on new meaning and leads to numerous questions.Why did Obama and Clinton agree to provide this uranium delivered by Mueller to Russia in the first place?An article by the Atlantic from April 2008 tells the fascinating story of the smuggler in the country of Georgia who was arrested trying to sell uranium to potential buyers. The smuggler, Oleg Vladimirovich Khintsagov, on January 31, 2006, was apprehended by authorities carrying 100 grams of highly enriched uranium tucked into a plastic bag in his tattered leather coat.A sample of the uranium captured during this sting operation was provided to the Russians who analyzed it and determined that it was indeed highly enriched uranium (HEU). In the Atlantic article, it states that the Russians at first didn t respond to requests from Georgia on the uranium and at no time asked for the uranium back. As a matter of fact, the Russians worked hard to deny that the uranium came from Russia in the first place. So why did the Obama Administration hand deliver 10 grams of HEU to Russia in 2009 and when did Russia begin asking for another sample of the uranium and why did the memo not mention that the Russians had already obtained a sample of this uranium and determined that it was HEU?Another question is why did Clinton s Secretary of State request that FBI Director Mueller deliver the sample of HEU to Russia and why was the transfer in April canceled and postponed to September?Of all people, why would the Head of the FBI be selected to transfer uranium to Russia? It would seem that the US has a number of individuals who could perform this transfer and it would seem that FBI Director Mueller would have enough on his plate in the US. When Mueller couldn t make the transfer in April the transfer was postponed to September so Mueller could be there.The fact that Mueller needed to perform the transfer should raise numerous red flags. It s been widely reported about Mueller s conflicts of interest with his recent appointment as special counsel in the Russia investigation.According to The Hill, before the Obama administration approved a controversial deal in 2010 giving Moscow control of a large swath of American uranium, the FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin s atomic energy business inside the United States, according to government documents and interviews.Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness working inside the Russian nuclear industry to gather extensive financial records, make secret recordings and intercept emails as early as 2009 that showed Moscow had compromised an American uranium trucking firm with bribes and kickbacks in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, FBI and court documents show.They also obtained an eyewitness account   backed by documents   indicating Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton s charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow, sources told The Hill.The racketeering scheme was conducted  with the consent of higher level officials  in Russia who  shared the proceeds  from the kickbacks, one agent declared in an affidavit years later.Rather than bring immediate charges in 2010, however, the Department of Justice (DOJ) continued investigating the matter for nearly four more years, essentially leaving the American public and Congress in the dark about Russian nuclear corruption on U.S. soil during a period when the Obama administration made two major decisions benefitting Putin s commercial nuclear ambitions.Then-Attorney General Eric Holder was among the Obama administration officials joining Hillary Clinton on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States at the time the Uranium One deal was approved. Multiple current and former government officials told The Hill they did not know whether the FBI or DOJ ever alerted committee members to the criminal activity they uncovered.Spokesmen for Holder and Clinton did not return calls seeking comment. The Justice Department also didn t comment.Mikerin was a director of Rosatom s Tenex in Moscow since the early 2000s, where he oversaw Rosatom s nuclear collaboration with the United States under the Megatons to Megwatts program and its commercial uranium sales to other countries. In 2010, Mikerin was dispatched to the U.S. on a work visa approved by the Obama administration to open Rosatom s new American arm called Tenam.Between 2009 and January 2012, Mikerin  did knowingly and willfully combine, conspire confederate and agree with other persons   to obstruct, delay and affect commerce and the movement of an article and commodity (enriched uranium) in commerce by extortion,  a November 2014 indictment stated.His illegal conduct was captured with the help of a confidential witness, an American businessman, who began making kickback payments at Mikerin s direction and with the permission of the FBI. The first kickback payment recorded by the FBI through its informant was dated Nov. 27, 2009, the records show. For entire story: The HillThe investigation was ultimately supervised by then-U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, an Obama appointee who now serves as President Trump s deputy attorney general, and then-Assistant FBI Director Andrew McCabe, now the deputy FBI director under Trump, Justice Department documents show.On August 6, 2017, The Washington Times questioned Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein s  fishing expedition  aimed at digging up dirt on President Trump in his investigation in the Trump-Russia investigation. The special counsel is subject to the rules and regulations of the Department of Justice, and we don t engage in fishing expeditions,  Mr. Rosenstein said on  Fox News Sunday. In his first Sunday show interview, Mr. Rosenstein added that special counsel Robert Mueller  understands and I understand the specific scope of the investigation and so, it s not a fishing expedition. Mr. Rosenstein s comments come amid reports citing unnamed sources that the investigation has expanded into Mr. Trump s finances unrelated to possible Russian interference in last year s election.Mr. Rosenstein played down the reports:  That s not anything that I ve said. That s not anything Director Mueller has said. We don t know who s saying it or how credible those sources are.  Both men now play a key role in the current investigation into possible, but still unproven collusion between Russia and Donald Trump s campaign during the 2016 election. ",0
17774,LOL! PHOTOS Show EMPTY or Nearly EMPTY #NFL Stadiums In Week #6 of National Anthem Protesters,"The owners of teams where NFL players continue to kneel during the national anthem are about to get a very real wake up call as ticket sales and TV viewership continues to tank.Images from NFL stadiums across America have been posted on Twitter, as evidence of how well the player s anti-cop movement is working out for the owners  bottom line.More fans attend a local high school football game than the #4 ranked Cleveland Browns vs. the #1 ranked Tennessee Titans game, that was played in the Cleveland stadium:And we are underway #Browns #Titans pic.twitter.com/dcrirhjo6r  Daryl Ruiter (@RuiterWrongFAN) October 22, 2017The number of empty seats at the Miami vs. the New York Jets game was almost as bad as the half empty Cleveland stadium.  by a Miami scribe #NYJvsMIA RT @ArmandoSalguero: Swaths of empty seats here post kickoff. pic.twitter.com/q4Mmdv5UU3  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) October 22, 2017An article in the Chicago Tribune justified how the underperforming Chicago Bears are consistently able to get away with the mind-boggling rising ticket prices. The Chicago Bears play in the second largest market in the NFL and in the league s smallest stadium. The law of supply and demand dictates that when a relatively small number of seats is available for the most popular sport and team in town, then ticket prices will increase. Thanks to the NFL players decision to kneel during our national anthem, the Bears may not be able to afford to raise the ticket prices, since fans have decided to something more productive with their time than watching a bunch of snowflake football players disrespecting our flag, as a way to support an anti-cop movement that was started by Black Lives Matter.Here s a look at the usually sold out Chicago Bears stadium today:(2/X) RT @lauriekor: Look at all the empty seats   #Bears #nfl #emptyseats #chi #CARvsCHI #unreal pic.twitter.com/C5CwhfDx9X  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) October 22, 2017The Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Indiana Colts (the team that Vice President Pence famously walked away from, after the players disrespected our flag during the anthem) game was far from capacity:#NFL #JAXvsIND RT @kimklika: Tons of empty seats at kickoff not surprising pic.twitter.com/65AYCSo3NK  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) October 22, 2017There was a sea of blue (empty blue seats) at the New York Jets Vs. Miami Dolphins game in Miami:#NFL #NYJvsMIA RT @nsbbcom: Nobody cares about jet or dolphins @[me] pic.twitter.com/k6wPSlIRJG  Empty Seats Galore (@EmptySeatsPics) October 22, 2017This guy, who goes by the Twitter name  Fistful of Doom  said it best when he said,  You know who isn t winning? The NFL.You know who isn't winning? The NFL. This was kickoff time in Jacksonville. Look at those empty seats! pic.twitter.com/fd7CwOuHk4  Fistful of Doom (@fistfulofdoom) October 15, 2017 ",0
17775,‘That was some weird sh*t’…A Very Rude Hillary Continues Her Overseas Bashing Of Trump With Nasty Claims About The Inauguration [Video],"Hillary Clinton continued her overseas trashing of our president with her latest claim that former President Bush said some rude things about the ceremony. She s so bitter that it s embarrassing. She s the poster child for what a liberal elitist pig looks like. Check out this video of Clinton describing how she tried to get out of going to the inauguration:Can you believe this hateful woman? She claims that after other former presidents announced they were going that he and Bill looked at each other and said,  Well, we gotta go .Clinton continued to insinuate that the elder Bush might not have been sick but just didn t want to go to the inauguration. Then she said the rudest thing of all:  It was reported George W. Bush said,  That was some weird shit, The crowd roared with laughter What a shame that former First Lady Hillary Clinton would stoop so low. But we have come to expect low budget moves from the Clinton grifters who will do just about anything for a buck. It has also been reported that Hillary has a nasty mouth and treated others poorly during her time in the White House and as Secretary of State under Obama.Remember how Elizabeth Warren called liberal women  Nasty women  during the 2016 campaign? Well, we think we found the queen of nasty women in Hillary Clinton.OUR LATEST ON THE CLINTON OVERSEAS BOOK TOUR THAT S BEEN A TOTAL FLOP: Hillary Clinton got a dose of boos and heckles while hawking her book overseas. Protesters greeted her at her latest event:Around 20 protestors unhappy at Hillary Clinton's visit to Swansea University.They heckle attendees: ""Search your conscience   boycott it"" pic.twitter.com/p9ZiKvr9QJ  Adam Hale (@AdamRHale) October 14, 2017She likes to say President Trump is damaging U.S. relations across the globe, but if the reception she received in Britain on Saturday is any indication, she wouldn t have done any better.She s overseas promoting her book,  What Happened,  where she blames Russia, the FBI, female voters and a myriad of others for her loss to Trump last November.As Clinton visited Swansea University to collect an honor, a woman told Hillary,  Bernie would have won. OUCH!(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Welsh woman meets Hillary Clinton. Tells her 'Bernie would have won' and 'Only you could lose to Trump'#HillaryClinton #donaldtrump #berniesanders #swanseaPosted by Nye Bevan News on Saturday, October 14, 2017Her assistant even got jeers as she entered the venue for the event. As Hillary emerged from her Mercedes, she got a mix of cheers and boos:Hillary Clinton arrives at Swansea University to a mix of cheers and boos ahead of receiving her honorary award pic.twitter.com/v0Ay3SlKQu  Adam Hale (@AdamRHale) October 14, 2017It s pretty pitiful that she was given an award for human rights when she singlehandedly turned the Middle East into an even worse place for its citizens with terrorism and chaos.SHE APPEARED ON BRITISH TV TO BE INTERVIEWED AND WAS ASKED IF SHE S STILL BLAMING EVERYONE BUT HERSELF FOR THE ELECTION LOSS: Your dynastic appeal or perhaps it was the opposite: The fact that you were called Clinton the fact that you were first lady basically trumped any novelty if you forgive the term of being the first female president of the United States,  he said.  People looked at your name and your legacy more than they looked at your gender. Clinton answered in her usual delusional way by laying out the amount of support she THINKS she received and then blaming former FBI director James Comey and the Russians for her defeat: That doesn t explain why I led all the way through, why I won the primary by 4 million votes, why I was winning, we had a great convention,  she said.  I was thought to have won all three debates. That doesn t explain it, Matt, so that s why I had to really dig deep. And, yes, I take responsibility. Obviously, there were things I must have been able to do differently in order to have won,  Clinton continued.  But at the end, there was this really perfect storm, and so you had the Comey letter and you had the enormous impact of the Russian theft of emails, the release of them by WikiLeaks, basically now a part of the Russian intelligence apparatus, and the weaponization of that. These were all new phenomena. So you re still blaming others more than yourself?  Frei asked I DON T BLAME OTHERS ??? No, I take ultimate responsibility, I don t blame others, but I think it s important that people understand what happened,  Clinton said.  It easy to say,  You know she wasn t a good candidate.  Then why did lead all the way to the end, why did I get nominated overwhelmingly? Did people lie at the polls?  Frei interjected. No, I think there were intervening events that caused people to worry, to have second thoughts,  she said.Read more: WFB",0
17776,WHY SO MANY MILLENNIALS ARE DITCHING RELIGION And Taking Up These Disturbing Trends,"What in the world is going on that young adults are actually taking up astrology and witchcraft WITCHCRAFT??? They ve ditched religion for the occult???Banu Guler, co-founder of artificial intelligence powered astrology app Co Star said the lack of structure in the field is exactly what drives young, educated professionals to invest their time and money in  Astrology.When Coco Layne, a Brooklyn-based producer, meets someone new these days, the first question that comes up in conversation isn t  Where do you live?  or  What do you do?  but  What s your sign? So many millennials read their horoscopes every day and believe them,  Layne, who is involved in a number of nonreligious spiritual practices, said.  It is a good reference point to identify and place people in the world. Interest in spirituality has been booming in recent years while interest in religion plummets, especially among millennials. The majority of Americans now believe it is not necessary to believe in God to have good morals, a study from Pew Research Center released Wednesday found. The percentage of people between the ages of 18 and 29 who  never doubt existence of God  fell from 81% in 2007 to 67% in 2012.Meanwhile, more than half of young adults in the U.S. believe astrology is a science. compared to less than 8% of the Chinese public. The psychic services industry   which includes astrology, aura reading, mediumship, tarot-card reading and palmistry, among other metaphysical services   grew 2% between 2011 and 2016. It is now worth $2 billion annually, according to industry analysis firm IBIS World.UPTICK IN THE OCCULTMelissa Jayne, owner of Brooklyn-based  metaphysical boutique  Catland, said she has seen a major uptick in interest in the occult in the past five years, especially among New Yorkers in their 20s. The store offers workshops like  Witchcraft 101,   Astrology 101,  and a  Spirit Seance. SO CAPITALISM IS AT FAULT? Whether it be spell-casting, tarot, astrology, meditation and trance, or herbalism, these traditions offer tangible ways for people to enact change in their lives,  she said.  For a generation that grew up in a world of big industry, environmental destruction, large and oppressive governments, and toxic social structures, all of which seem too big to change, this can be incredibly attractive. WELL, THIS EXPLAINS SO MUCH ABOUT WHY THE LEFT IS MESSED UP!Read more: Marketwatch ",0
17777,WATCH: IRRELEVANT DEM POLITICAL ANALYST James Carville Says Trump’s Mental State Needs To Be Looked At Because of His Sentence Structure,"On Friday s broadcast of HBO s  Real Time,  former Clinton Campaign Manager James Carville stated that President Trump lacks empathy and sentence structure, and someone has to examine his mental state like people did at the end of the Reagan presidency.Carville said,  I think what happened was, is General Kelly told the president when he called this war widow that   look when, people   fighting men and women understand that when they take on this mission they could die for the country or for each other, and it s something that binds them together, and you have to make that point. Of course, Trump has no empathy and his sentence structure is completely gone. He can t say two sentences.   So, he gets on the phone, and he says,  Well, that s what he signed up for.  And General Kelly heard what I wanted. I mean, the truth of the matter is, somebody has to look. You know, when President Reagan was president, towards the end of his term, Howard Baker had a memo, and they seriously were looking to see if he had any kind of cognitive issues and they decided that he did not. I don t think Trump is capable of making those two thoughts.   BreitbartAt about the 2-minute mark, Democrat Party political analyst James Carville starts his rant about why President Trump needs to look at Trump s mental state:In October of 2016, James Carville piled on with another guy who just can t seem to get anything right, crybaby Mark Cuban. Carville and Cuban were guests on Maher s show when Carville told Bill Maher and friends that then-candidate Trump was going to quit the race.BILL MAHER: Donald Trump was supposed to have a rally tomorrow with Paul Ryan and now he has been disinvited   this just happened before we went   and it s going to be Mike Pence and Paul Ryan. Wow. When the top of the ticket is disinvited to his own rally?MARK CUBAN: He s finally toxic. Donald Trump is finally toxic.JAMES CARVILLE: Mark and I got in a discussion before the show. I think he s going to quit. Really, right now, I m saying right here.[APPLAUSE]MAHER: You know why he s not going to win? Because his basket of deplorable and if the basket fits Carville hasn t been right about too much of anything in his career, but since he helped to get the impeached rapist into the White House, the media will always use him as their go-to-guy when it comes to getting advice on how to stop the Republicans winning elections.",0
17778,WATCH: TRANS ARTIST DEMONSTRATES How She Collected 200 Gallons Of Pee To Make Resist Trump “Art” While Crowd Watches,"So much hate. So much anger. So much time on their hands. But oh yeah Trump s the one the left just doesn t  get A trans artist has turned 200 gallons of her urine into an art exhibit to protest against President Trump.A Vice News video shows artist Cassils, who goes by the pronoun  they,  preparing for  their   Monumental  art exhibit that allegedly takes aim at President Trump rescinding former President Obama s rule on trans bathrooms. The Obama administration rule had mandated schools allow trans students to choose the bathroom they prefer to use instead of using one based on their anatomy. Under the Trump administration s new guidance, the states can choose their own bathroom policies.According to Cassils  website, the  PISSED  sculpture of the  Monumental  exhibit involves all of the urine Cassils has passed since the Trump administration rescinded the Obama-era policy. Audio from the Gavin Grimm case is also played in the background.***WARNING***This video can t be unseen.Via  MRCTVFor anyone who s interested the Ronald Feldman Gallery in New York City, that proudly features  Resist Trump  artwork will be displaying and promoting the trans artist and her giant cube of pee in their gallery. Here are just a few screenshots promoting  they s  work on their Facebook page :  ",0
17779,HILLARY WORKED FEVERISHLY To Return 10 Russian Spies Operating In U.S. In Midst Of Selling 20% Of U.S. Uranium To Russia,"Why is this not front page news on every major media outlet?Russian intelligence targeted Hillary Clinton before she became secretary of state in 2009, FBI documents show.New FBI information about corruption in a Clinton-approved uranium deal with Russia raises questions about Clinton s actions after the FBI broke up a deep-cover Russian spy ring in 2010.For a decade, the FBI ran an operation called Ghost Stories to monitor and rip apart a deep-cover Russian agent network. Ghost Stories tracked a ring Russian spies who lived between Boston and Washington, D.C., under false identities. It was one of the FBI s most elaborate and successful counterintelligence operations in history.After the FBI arrested 10 of the spies in June, 2010, Secretary of State Clinton worked feverishly to return the Russian agents to Moscow in a hastily arranged, lopsided deal with Putin.It all happened as the uranium deal was in play: An arrangement to provide Moscow s state Rosatom nuclear agency with 20 percent of American uranium capacity, with $145,000,000 to pour into the Clinton Family Foundation and its projects.For the Clintons, the FBI s biggest counterintelligence bust in history couldn t have come at a worse time.The day the FBI arrested the Russian agents, on June 28, 2010, the day before the secretary of state s husband, Bill Clinton, was to give a speech in Moscow. A Kremlin-connected investment bank, Renaissance Capital, paid the former president $500,000 for the hour-long appearance.An unnamed Hillary Clinton spokesman told ABC News that there was  no reason to think the Secretary was a target of this spy ring. That was a lie.Under the code name Operation Ghost Stories, the FBI had been working the ring for a decade. Its targets had burrowed in along the Acela Corridor between Boston, New York, and Washington DC. They lived normal daily lives as Americans to attend universities, run businesses, marry, and conceive and raise children to infiltrate society and subvert government institutions. One of the SVR agents had stolen the identity of a six-week-old Canadian baby who had died in 1963. That prompted the Ghost Stories code name. The ring inspired the FX network s television series,  The Americans. As with any secretary of state, Hillary Clinton would be a primary target under any circumstance. But she was much more. She was a known quantity: predictable, vain and ruthless, and with an insatiable desire for cash to enrich her family, friends, and political machine. Blindly ambitious to become president of the world s only superpower and swearing to come back after losing in 2008 to Barack Obama, she was the 21st century KGB s perfect mark.Read more: Daily Caller",0
17780,WHAT THE HECK Is Going On In Las Vegas? VIDEO PROOF That Las Vegas Coroner’s Office Is On LOCKDOWN,"When people say  What happens in Las Vegas, stays in Las Vegas.  they apparently aren t  kidding around Suspicion about what is going on in the Las Vegas massacre investigation is at an all-time high. Americans want to know, and frankly, we have a right to know what happened in Las Vegas the night of the Rt. 91 Music Festival, where 59 people were killed and 527 were injured.  It s almost eery how quickly the Las Vegas investigation has fallen off the radar of the mainstream media, who don t seem to be interested in finding out what really happened, and even appear to be giving up on using the massacre to promote their gun-control agenda.A worker at the Mandalay Bay hotel said Wednesday that he warned staff at the complex to report an active shooter before gunman Stephen Paddock launched his massacre on crowds at a music festival below the venue.The revelation has added to doubts about the initial timeline given by authorities about what happened Oct. 1. They had said the assault began with Paddock opening fire on concertgoers at the Route 91 Festival.But the new account alleges that an unarmed guard Jesus Campos who was initially believed to have approached and been shot by Paddock during his massacre was shot before the assault, with that gunshot heard by a maintenance worker.JESUS IS BEING PROTECTED BY AN ARMED SECURITY GUARD WHO REFUSES TO SAY WHO S PAYING HIMIndependent investigative journalist Laura Loomer paid a visit to the home of the  hero  Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort  security guard  who was allegedly shot by the Las Vegas shooter Steven Paddock. Loomer can be seen having a conversation with a paid security guard who refused to say who was paying him to stand in front of Campos  home. Who is this guy and why is he there?Watch:Investigative Journalist Laura Loomer visits Mandalay Bay ""Hero"" Security Guard Jesus Campos @ His House @miketokes https://t.co/6L0T6ADzPa  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 12, 2017JESUS CAMPOS DOESN T APPEAR TO BE REGISTERED AS A SECURITY GUARD IN LAS VEGAS AS REQUIRED BY LAWEvery security guard in the state of Nevada has to register as an armed or unarmed guard with the state s Private Investigator s Licensing Board (PILB). This entity s records are publicly searchable at: nevadapilb.glsuite.us.There s no Jesus Campos licensed with the PILB. Here s a close up look at the NV PI Licensing Board:The document above was released by pol News Infinity who has done some amazing investigative work on a number of cases. The pol News Infinity Twitter account has since been SUSPENDED.JESUS CAMPOS IS A NO SHOW FOR PRESS CONFERENCE AND SEAN HANNITY INTERVIEWThe same day that Loomer paid a visit to Campos  home, Jesus Campos had a press conference and interview with Sean Hannity scheduled for later in the day. Campos abruptly canceled the press conference and the interview with Sean Hannity.Media scrum tonight as we learn security officer shot in Vegas attack, Jesus Campos  whereabouts are unknown. pic.twitter.com/Jk09tRlPsX  Stephanie Wash (@WashNews) October 13, 2017We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash.Campos is represented by the International Union, Security, Police and Fire Professionals of America, which did not respond to requests for comment from Fox News earlier this week.Fox News  Sean Hannity tweeted out that Campos, who was scheduled to appear on  Hannity  Thursday night,  cancelled  his appearance.He cancelled. https://t.co/fWCb4X8cNQ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 13, 2017JESUS CAMPOS AGREES TO GIVE A  SCRIPTED  INTERVIEW WITH ELLEN DEGENERES ON HER SHOW. HIS APPEARANCE ON THE SHOW IS SHOCKINGLY DIFFERENT THAN THE IMAGE THAT  S BEEN CIRCULATING OF HIM IN THE MEDIAAn announcement was made last week that Jesus Campus would appear on the Ellen Show. Jesus did appear on the show, but given the original photo of Campos that was being used in the media and a quick snapshot from his appearance on the Ellen Show, two things really jump out. The first thing that jumps out is the incredible 1-week weight gain that Campos had experienced, and the second is the missing moles that were very prominent in the photo below, that was allegedly taken only one week before his  performance  on the Ellen Show.#Jesuscampos in 5 days, gained 50 LB, had moles removed from his face, has no injury to forehead but had bandage on it 5 days before? pic.twitter.com/TlT6Mt0eyZ  Fed Up Lilly   (@FedUpLilly) October 21, 2017MGM ADMITS TO ALLOWING CAMPOS TO ONLY APPEAR ON THE ELLEN SHOW IN AN EFFORT TO MAKE SURE HE KEPT HIS STORY STRAIGHTFearing Jesus Campos would  spill the beans  about the timeline of the shooting if he was grilled by proper journalists, MGM, which owns the hotel where deranged gunman Stephen Paddock shot 600 people, insisted that security officer appear ONLY on only appear on Ellen, DailyMail.com has learned exclusively.MGM is worried that families of the 58 people murdered as well as many of the 546 injured in the Mandalay Bay massacre will launch lawsuits potentially worth billions of dollars against the company, sources tell DailyMail.com.And they thought Campos might not keep his story straight under the pressure of the TV lights and tough questioning.That is why Campos, 25, appeared on a daytime chat show hosted by a fast-talking, dancing comedienne, rather than take questions from TV hardhitters such as Fox News  Sean Hannity, CNN s Wolf Blitzer or MSNBC s Rachel Maddow. MGM was behind the decision to call off all the interviews and did a deal with Ellen, knowing she would not play hardball on the timeline as long as she had the exclusive,  a TV insider told DailyMail.com.Here s a closer look at the images:And now, citizen journalist Mike Tokes has uncovered what is indeed a very suspicious development. Tokes traveled to the Las Vegas coroners office to see if he could get some answers from the Clark County Coroner and Medical Examiner John Fudenberg. What Tokes got when he attempted to enter the Las Vegas Coroner s office was a woman by the name of  Laurie  who informed him that the coroner s office was on lockdown and would remain on lockdown  at least until the end of the week . When Tokes asked if it was unusual for the office to be on lockdown, she replied,  We ve never had a situation like this. Watch:VIDEO PROOF: Las Vegas Coroner's office on LOCKDOWN with police units stationed on each side of the building.This is very suspicious. pic.twitter.com/CMBnWzmFRp  Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 21, 2017Cori Langdon, a Las Vegas cab driver recorded her harrowing experience as she entered the Mandalay Bay Casino at about the same time gunshots were first being fired into the crowd at the Rt 91 country music festival in Las Vegas.Langdon was using her phone to videotape, as she was pulling into the Mandalay Bay Casino when she heard gunshots. She can be heard telling the dispatch operator for her cab service that she hears what  sounds like automatic gunfire.  Cori Langdon hears more gunfire, and tells her dispatch operator that the gunshots sound like they re coming from a completely different area:  Now it sounds like its coming from farther away. After listening to Langdon s video recording of the event as it unfolded, one can t help but wonder if it s possible there was more than one shooter.Automatic gunshots are still being heard from the cab. Langdon tells her dispatch person:  Somethings going on. I m not sure why people aren t  running, but. There s a security guard, what s he doing? Ya know, for there being gunfire, it sure doesn t seem like people are runnin .  Oh, shit! Seriously? I don t know what s goin  on? Where are the cops at? I m right here by the porch of Mandalay Bay, and everything seems to be normal here.  More and more rapid-fire gunshots are heard. The radio dispatcher replies,  Remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. And everything seems normal when it s not. Watch, as Ed Rusiackas dissects what happened as Langdon approached the Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort, giving what many believe is evidence that there was more than one shooter:Here s the video in its entirety:Here s the Ellen Show interview in entirety:",0
17781,BOOM! WATCH VIDEO FOUND Proving Gen. Kelly Right On ‘Grandstanding’ Cowgirl Congresswoman [Video],"Sounds to me like Gen. Kelly got it right. This portion of her speech seems to emphasize her role in getting the naming done. That was his point, she needs the spotlight hence her using the death of a soldier and the families grief as a political football trying to score political points.In case you missed the wonderful message from Chief of Staff Kelly:White House Chief of Staff John Kelly says he was stunned to learn that Congresswoman Frederica Wilson listened in on the president s call to a fallen soldier s wife. He came into the White House press briefing and let the press have it too. He goes through the steps of what happens when someone in the military is killed. He says that the members of our military are the best 1% of our population. He said he was  brokenhearted  when he found out what a member of congress did. This is a heartfelt moment that is amazing:KELLY DOES A GREAT JOB OF CUTTING THROUGH THE BS FROM THE PRESS:The retired general who lost his own son in Afghanistan said the call to Sgt. La David T. Johnson s wife should have been  sacred. It stuns me that a member of congress would have listened in on that conversation. Absolutely stuns me. I thought at least that was sacred,  he said.The White House official found himself at the center of a charge that President Barack Obama  didn t make calls  to the families of fallen soldiers this week after President Trump claimed that Obama didn t call Kelly when his son Robert died.Kelly said Thursday at a White House news conference that it s true   but he wasn t offended.In fact, Kelly says he counseled Trump not to call Gold Star families and to instead write letters.Read more: Daily Mail",0
17782,BLM PROTESTER Leaves Angry After Watching FERGUSON- The Play in NYC…Realizes She Was LIED To By Media: “Why did I demonstrate ‘Hands in the air…Don’t shoot’?” [VIDEO] ,"Filmmaker and author Phelim McAleer knew he was going to ruffle some feathers when he decided to open his FERGUSON-the play in the leftist hotbed of New York City. McAleer has never been one to shy away from controversy, especially when he knows the truth is on his side. So last night, with very little mainstream media coverage, Phelim opened his controversial play in NYC, that challenges the false narrative being fed to the general public about what really happened in Ferguson, MO. The Ferguson play will, no doubt, force viewers to question how much of what the media feeds them is real, and how much is propaganda that feeds their leftist agenda.  What is FERGUSON?FERGUSON is a staged reenactment of the controversial killing of Michael Brown using ONLY Grand Jury testimony. No spin. No media filter. Just the truth. Nine cast members of the staged reading in Los Angeles walked out before opening night because of their desire to rewrite the script. But you can t rewrite the truth; you can t rewrite history. See for yourself!LA Weekly called the staged reading of FERGUSON  a riveting spectacle  and  an incendiary evening of theatre.  This is the World Premiere of a full production.FERGUSON is a Verbatim Play   it only uses actual Grand Jury testimony from eyewitnesses who saw police officer Daren Wilson shoot, Michael Brown. Most of these eyewitnesses are minorities and yet their accounts are totally at odds with the stories spun by the mainstream media and activists.As guests at the opening of the thought-provoking Ferguson-the play began to exit the theater, Phelim approached a random woman to get her reaction to the performance. The woman he questioned seemed confused and angry by what she just witnessed. She admits she was a Black Lives Matter supporter, and even protested with Black Lives Matter to help them to push the  hands up, don t shoot  narrative. After realizing that she had been lied to by the media, she asks Phelim,  Why did I demonstrate  Hands in the air Don t shoot ? The controversial play opened last night in New York City and is set to run through November 5th.Phelim McAleer is asking for help to fund his FERGUSON production. Please consider making a contribution to this very worthy cause by clicking HERE to donate. ",0
17783,MELANIA SAVES TAXPAYERS A Fortune By Making Shocking Cuts In Number of Aides At White House Compared To Lavish Michelle Obama,"Melania Trump is embracing a more active and public schedule as first lady   but she still runs one of the leanest East Wing operations in recent history.According to a Fox News analysis of White House personnel reports, Melania Trump has significantly reduced the number of aides on the first lady s office payroll in comparison to her predecessor, Michelle Obama.During then-President Barack Obama s first year in office, 16 people were listed working for Michelle Obama, earning a combined $1.24 million a year.This year, just four people were listed working for Melania Trump as of June. Their salaries totaled $486,700.The details are contained in an annual report the White House sends to Congress showing the names, positions and salaries of all its personnel. Both the Obama and Trump administrations acknowledged several additional staffers beyond those listed in the report with the term  first lady  in their titles. But even counting all those employees   24 for Michelle Obama and nine for the current first lady   Melania Trump s office is relatively small.It s an approach her spokeswoman says is intentional. As with all things that she does, she is being very deliberate in her hiring, focusing on quality over quantity,  communications director Stephanie Grisham said in an email.  It is important to her that the team is a good fit for what she wants to accomplish as first lady, and that everyone works well together. She also wants to be mindful and responsible when it comes to taxpayer money. While the 2009 annual report listed 16 staffers for Michelle Obama, her press secretary said at the time the staff actually included 24 people. A 2009 FactCheck.org story said Obama s 24 aides might have broken records.  FOX News",0
17784,WOW! CONFIRMED BY ICE: 5-Time Deported ILLEGAL ALIEN Protected By Sanctuary County Is Suspected ARSONIST Behind Worst Fires CA History,"Remember when candidate Donald Trump was condemned by the left for telling Americans that we have criminals coming across our borders? Well, it turns out that he was not only correct, it appears as though the worst fire in California s history that caused the death of 42 so far and over $1 billion in damage to almost 3,000 homes was very likely started by an ILLEGAL ALIEN arsonist. From Donald Trump s campaign speech at a rally in Arizona: The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else s problems. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best. They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us.  They re bringing drugs, they re bringing crime, they re rapists and some, I assume are good people. Watch:Well, now that ICE has confirmed that the arsonist arrested in connection with setting the fires that devastated California is a 5-time deported ILLEGAL ALIEN, who in the media is going to tell Trump they re  sorry  for criticizing him? Will it be one of the local government officials in Sonoma County who decided to make their county a  sanctuary county  to protect people like Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, who was arrested Sunday?Breitbart   U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Acting Director Tom Homan confirmed on Thursday that a man arrested in connection with setting a fire in Sonoma County Wine Country is an illegal alien from Mexico who has been twice returned to his  home country. Homan also confirmed that ICE has issued detainer requests for Jesus Fabian Gonzalez five times now in the past year alone, including the one issued on October 16 in relation to his most recent arrest on suspicion of arson. All of the arrests were made  by Sonoma County on various felony and misdemeanor charges,  according to Homan.Sonoma County is considered a sanctuary jurisdiction and does not fully cooperate with federal immigration officials. That includes not honoring ICE detainer requests.  ICE was never notified of Mr. Gonzalez  various releases,  Homan wrote in the statement regarding Gonzalez.There were several fires in the region, and it is not clear what role the fires Gonzales allegedly set played in the overall disaster.The LA Times reported on the incident from eyewitnesses after Gonzalez was seen leaving the scene of the fire: He was screaming really bad things at the police when he was arrested,  recalled David Moreno, 29, who witnessed the arrest.  He was yelling things like,  I m going to teach you a lesson you ll never forget. Three Sonoma County probation officers patrolling Maxwell Farms Regional Park just before 3 p.m. noticed a plume of smoke rising from an area near the Sonoma Creek, Sheriff s Department spokeswoman Misti Harris said.Gonzalez walked away from the fire as the officers approached, Harris said. Nobody else was in the area,  Harris said.Sonoma County Sheriff s Department deputies followed Gonzalez to a nearby McDonald s. Gonzalez had  previous contacts  with law enforcement, she said.Gonzalez told police he started the fire because he was cold, Harris said. Officers found a lighter in his pocket.*The recorded temperature at the time that the fires started was a balmy 78 degrees.Some homeless people who knew Gonzalez said that he had a habit of setting fire to brush along the creek bed.Tensions were already high in this smoke-filled region, about 25 miles east of Santa Rosa.Local mechanic Shawn Stephensen, 40, said,  A few days ago I was walking down the street with a gas can and someone driving by stopped to say,  I wouldn t be carrying a thing like that around at a time like this. At first I didn t get it,  Stephensen, who knew Gonzalez, said.  Then it dawned on me    Oh yeah, instant felony case. What will Governor Jerry Brown, who recently signed off on legislation that makes the entire state of California a  sanctuary state  have to say about this recent development? ",0
17785,LOL! LIBERAL HACK JOY REID Tries To Turn Death of 4 U.S. Soldiers In Niger Into Trump’s Benghazi…Gets HUMILIATED When She Finds Out Who Sent Troops There,"Two days ago, the former MSNBC host Joy Reid suggested that reporters should humiliate President Trump and ask him if he knows the names of the 4 U.S. soldiers who were killed by Islamic extremists in Niger?The next time Donald Trump holds a press briefing, I hope a reporter will ask him to simply name the four soldiers killed in Niger.  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) October 18, 2017Reid was quickly slammed by Benghazi survivor Kris Paronto who asked Joy if she knew his name, or any of his  teammates that were left to die along with my by your messiahs @BarackObama and @Hillary Clinton? Do you know my name Joy?   how about my teammates that were left to die along with me by your messiahs @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton https://t.co/FQpu6yp1Vu  Kris Paronto (@KrisParonto) October 18, 2017The very next day, Reid again stuck her foot in her mouth regarding the Niger attack on our U.S. troops. With no knowledge or understanding of the reason our troops were stationed in Niger, the former MSNBC host tried to attack President Trump, as she suggested that it was Trump s fault that 4 of our brave US troops were killed there by Islamic extremists.Again: why are US troops in Niger? And why haven t the relevant Republican committee chairs scheduled hearings? https://t.co/bvEwDcKLWE  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) October 19, 2017Joy was quickly and justifiably destroyed by Stephen Miller, a writer for National Review who clearly has a better grasp on history than loudmouth liberal Joy Reid. Miller s response to Reid was hilarious and humiliating all at once Hi Joy. Troops were sent to Niger by Barack Obama. Hope this helpshttps://t.co/QDfYg8gtQu https://t.co/9wMOqaWp6Z  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) October 19, 2017That wasn t the end of the criticisms for the uninformed former host of the propaganda network MSNBC. Joy s tweet continued to take more hits from people who are sick and tired of watching the media (or former media in Reid s case) make up lies about our President without being challenged.Via CBS NEWS. Which is obviously an alt right news outlet now. Braindead liberals. pic.twitter.com/heZ8WGxljB  Jeremiah Schultz (@ResistFromDay1) October 19, 2017And, oh yeah, do you remember this little hashtag campaign by the former First Lady that preceded Barack Obama s decision to send our troops to Niger?Joy probably doesn't remember this  pic.twitter.com/fuH3573H1s  Problematic AF  (@EF517_V2) October 19, 2017Reid got slammed so hard for her ignorance, that one guy tweeted  We need a cleanup on aisle 7  after Reid was destroyed for her partisan attack:We need a cleanup on aisle 7  Daniel (@ddwalk34) October 19, 2017 ",0
17786,WHAT? MATT LAUER ASKS OBAMA’S Former CIA Director If Trump’s Inner Circle Is Prepared To “Tackle” or “Lock Him In A Room” To Keep Trump From Using Nuclear Weapons [VIDEO],"NBC host Matt Lauer on Thursday asked former CIA Director John Brennan whether military officials surrounding President Donald Trump would  tackle him  before he engaged in a nuclear confrontation.Brennan replied that Trump has unilateral authority to authorize military action.Lauer asked Brennan hesitantly about reports surrounding America s procedure to deploy nuclear weapons under Trump, emphasizing the stories of  key players around the president  maybe locking Trump in a room or even tackling him to prevent the use of such weapons. I feel weird asking you this, but you ve read the same stories I ve read,  Lauer said to Brennan.  You know the key players around the president in [Jim] Mattis, [H.R.] McMaster, and John Kelly. Stories are going around out there that if the president inches closer to some kind of a nuclear confrontation with North Korea, that those guys are going to do something. They re going to lock him in a room. They re going to tackle him. Watch the incredible exchange here: You re smiling,  Lauer added.  But these are the stories that are out there. And they will prevent him from carrying out any action that would cause that. Is that all nonsense? No, I think the military leaders, current and former, Mattis, Kelly, also Joe Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs, they know the risks of escalation,  said Brennan, who served as CIA director during the Obama administration.  They know just how dangerous the situation is. I think they are governors on the president s instincts to continue to try to intimidate and bully. You re technically not answering the question. Would they take some action to prevent the president from carrying out an order?  Lauer asked. The president has unilateral authority to be able to authorize military action,  Brennan said.  That order goes through Secretary Mattis. Secretary Mattis can try to talk him out of it, disagree with it, carry it out, or not. After Brennan walked Lauer through the usual White House process of authorizing military actions, Lauer pushed his original question about tackling Trump, using a quote from Brennan. In July you said it is the obligation of some executive officials to refuse to carry out some of those orders that are inconsistent with what this country is all about,  Lauer quoted Brennan.Brennan clarified that he made that comment  in the context  of the firing of former FBI Director Jim Comey and the efforts to  delay and to put obstacles in some of the investigations that are underway. We are a country of laws,  Brennan added.  WFB ",0
17787,WATCH: THINGS GOT REALLY AWKWARD When NBC Sent Hoda Over To Help Spike Megyn Kelly’s Miserable Ratings,"Buzzfeed reports, that, from the start, Megyn Kelly Today s Nielsen ratings have been down compared to the third hour of Today, which was cohosted by Al Roker and Tamron Hall last fall. The ultimate aim of Megyn Kelly Today was to challenge Live With Kelly and Ryan, which is syndicated by ABC, but the contest is not even close. In Megyn Kelly Today s first week, Live beat it by 14% among viewers and 17% in the 25-to-54 demographic. In the second week, the gap widened, with Live besting Megyn Kelly Today by 34% among viewers and 60% in the demo.We re not sure what they were thinking when they sent the wine-soaked Hoda from the Kathie Lee and Hoda show over to help make Megyn look more  normal  and approachable to her audience, but by bringing a likeable and relatable host from another (formerly) popular show on NBC, they only managed to shine a huge spotlight on Megyn Kelly s inability to connect with anyone who isn t holding a camera. By bringing Hoda Kotb over for a very awkward segment on Kelly s show, NBC managed to reinforce why nobody wants to watch the cringe-inducing host of Megyn Kelly Today.Watch:Hoda was on #MegynKellyToday this morning for no reason other than to fill time and I've never been so embarrassed. pic.twitter.com/wXUatEcPhY  Kate Aurthur (@KateAurthur) October 19, 2017",0
17788,WATCH: VINTAGE JOHNNY CASH VIDEO Delivers A POWERFUL Message That Should Be Played In Every NFL Locker Room," Out of all of the places we ve ever been overseas, and of all the places we ve been overseas it don t matter where  ya know. When we come back to this country, we love it a whole lot more than when we left and went somewhere else. I thank God for all of the freedoms we ve got in this country. I cherish them and treasure them. Um even the rights to burn the flag, ya know. I m proud of those rights. The crowd can be heard moaning and is clearly not happy with Cash saying he cherished the right to burn the American flag. Lemme tell you something. Shhh! We ve also got the right to bear arms, and if you burn my flag, I ll shoot you! Cash then clarified his statement,  But I ll shoot you with a lot of love, like a good American! After such a trip overseas in 1975, I wrote this Watch, as Johnny Cash performs Ragged Old Flag, a beautiful song  he wrote that gives the history of why Americans honor our flag:Before becoming a musician, Cash worked in the Air Force. While most people waited to be drafted for the required two years, Cash wanted more and stayed for four. He was shipped to Germany during the Korean War. His role was to intercept and decipher Russian morse code.The man in black, discovered that Soviet Union Premier, Joseph Stalin, died before US president Dwight Eisenhower even knew. He was working as a radio operator for the military at the time of Stalin s death and was the first person to receive the message.",0
17789,BLACK HOMICIDE VICTIMS Killed Mostly By Black Criminals Jumps 900 Per Yr. Since Start Of Black Lives Matter…Number Of Cops Killed By Blacks Is STUNNING,"Lost in the uproar over the NFL sideline protests against police brutality are newly released statistics showing that the threat to black men is skyrocketing   not from trigger-happy or racist cops, but from crime.More than any other demographic group, black men are paying the price with their lives with a surging violent crime rate over the past two years, including a 20 percent jump in the overall homicide rate, even as the number of blacks killed by police declines.Using homicide figures from the 2016 FBI Uniform Crime Report released Sept. 25, Manhattan Institute fellow Heather Mac Donald found that the number of black homicide victims has jumped by nearly 900 per year since the Black Lives Matter movement took root in 2014. The majority of victims of that homicide surge have been black,  Ms. Mac Donald said in an email.  They were killed overwhelmingly by black criminals, not by the police and not by whites. Meanwhile, the number of blacks killed by police dipped from 259 in 2015 to 233 in 2016, with 2017 so far coming in below both years with 175 deaths as of Oct. 12, according to The Washington Post s Fatal Force database.Ms. Mac Donald and others have blamed the increasingly hands-off approach of police officers who are worried about running afoul of the Black Lives Matter movement after the 2014 shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. She dubbed it  the Ferguson effect. Peter Moskos, associate professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City, tracked the same phenomenon in Baltimore after the April 2015 rioting over the death of a black man in police custody. He calls it  the Freddie Gray effect.  He found a spike in homicides and shootings after the riots, which were followed by Baltimore State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby s decision to charge six officers in Gray s death. Three of the officers were acquitted in non-jury trials, and charges against the other three were dismissed. Police were instructed   both by city leaders and then in the odd DOJ report city leaders asked for   to be less proactive since such policing will disproportionately affect minorities,  Mr. Moskos said in a Sept. 4 post.  Few seem to care that minorities are disproportionately affected by the rise in murder. Officers also have been hit: Ms. Mac Donald said there was a 53 percent increase in 2016 in the shooting deaths of cops, while The Washington Post database found that only 16 of the 233 black men killed by police in 2016 were unarmed. A police officer is 18 times more likely to be killed by a black male than an unarmed black male is to be killed by a police officer,  Ms. Mac Donald said.  Black males have made up 42 percent of all cop killers over the past decade, though they are only 6 percent of the population. Those involved with Black Lives Matter have said in the past that prosecuting such killings is easier than cases involving police force against civilians.While the NFL kneeling began as a protest against police brutality, those involved have increasingly expanded the point to encompass what San Francisco 49ers safety Eric Reid described as  systemic oppression that has been rampant in this country for decades and decades. Rashad Robinson, senior campaign director at Color of Change, said President Trump s recent suggestion that owners should fire players who refuse to stand for the national anthem represents a view within sports that  black people serve at the pleasure of white people. Almost every NFL owner is white. Nearly 70% of players are Black,  Mr. Robinson said in a written statement.  Yet for Donald Trump, this power imbalance is not enough   he wants to be sure that players who exercise their right to protest social injustice can be fired with impunity. This is what it means to advance a white supremacist worldview.   Washington Times",0
17790,DEMOCRAT REP: Sexual Assault Is A Woman’s Fault If She Appears ‘Inviting’ [Video],"Wow! These Texas Democratic congresswomen are unreal!  We just had the Bedazzled Cowgirl Congresswoman Frederica Wilson trying to stir up lies against Trump. Now this:Texas Congresswoman Bernice Johnson might regret commenting on the allegations against serial sexual assaulter Harvey Weinstein when she said  that women also have a responsibility to stop sexual assault and harassment. She thinks women shouldn t appear  inviting THIS WOMAN IS SO IN THE DARK ABOUT SEXUAL ASSAULT: I grew up in a time when it was as much the woman s responsibility as a man s how you were dressed, what your behavior was,  Texas Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson told Dallas  local NBC5. I m from the old school that you can have behaviors that appear to be inviting. It can be interpreted as such,  Johnson continued.  That s the responsibility, I think, of the female. Interviewer Diana Zoga asked if it was time to stop asking about what women were wearing and to start talking about the power that men abused. I think we also need to start talking about the power that women have to control the situation,  Johnson responded.SOOOO IT S ALL A WOMAN S FAULT? There s law enforcement, you can refuse to cooperate with that kind of behavior. I think that many times, men get away with this because they are allowed to get away with it by the women,  she concluded.Read more: WFB",0
17791,FATHER OF SOLDIER SLAIN IN NIGER Defends President Trump: “My Son Knew What He Signed Up For”…This Is “Not About Donald Trump And This Isn’t About a Damn Phone Call!”,"When Americans heard about the tragic deaths of the four U.S. troops, killed in an attack by Islamic extremists in Niger, on October 4, their first thought for most of us, was sadness for the families of the brave troops.For Democrat Congresswoman Frederica Wilson of Florida, her first thought was how she could use a condolence call made by President Trump to the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, as a way to harm President Trump.Unfortunately, for the other 3 families, who are grieving the unimaginable loss of their loved ones, the actions of the selfish, partisan, politician Frederica Wilson, have caused a media circus that is laser-focused on the choice of words President Trump used in his call to the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, rather than the loss of 4 honorable men who sacrificed their lives for our country.y.Rep. Frederica Wilson, who was in the car with Johnson s family, said that Trump had told the widow,  You know that this could happen when you signed up for it but it still hurts.  Wilson claimed President Trump also referred to Sgt. Johnson as  your guy,  which the partisan congresswoman claimed was an insensitive statement. President Trump, Sarah Sanders-Huckabee and General John Kelly, who was in the room when Trump called Johnson s widow, Myeshia Johnson, to offer his condolences refuted the claims. The hullabaloo surrounding the phone call President Trump made to Sgt. Johnson s widow is not sitting well with the father of Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, a green beret and member of a family with a long history of service to our U.S. military.In an interview with Time, Arnold Wright, the father of another one of the four American soldiers killed in Niger said Wednesday that Trump was respectful when he called with his condolences. The father of the late Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright,  told TIME: This isn t about Donald Trump and this isn t about a damn phone call,  he said.  This is about my son and the kind of man he was. He died in a bad situation that needs to be changed. And he s not coming back home. Arnold Wright said that he and Trump spoke for about 20 minutes, and that Trump mostly listened. He talked to me about the loss of my son and how he served with honor and dignity and he just wanted to give me a call to thank me,  Arnold Wright told TIME in a phone interview.  I told him the kind of man Dustin was. We talked about his deployment.   We got troops out there with no air cover. There are still teams in the country. That was the main point that was the conversation. Arnold Wright said he had no qualms about the fact that Trump s phone call came nearly two weeks after his son s death was announced.The show of support for Trump by a Gold Star father came as Trump is under fire from Democrats, former military leaders and other Gold Star families for his handling of the aftermath of the soldiers  deaths in Niger. In defending his delay before calling the families, Trump falsely asserted Monday that former President Barack Obama had never made such calls. The controversy flared anew when Florida Democratic Rep. Frederica Wilson said that Trump told Myeshia Johnson, the widow of Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson, that her husband  knew what he signed up for.  Trump on Wednesday called that account of their conversation  totally fabricated,  but Cowanda Jones-Johnson, Staff Sgt. Johnson s mother, confirmed Wilson s account and told the Washington Post that  President Trump did disrespect my son. Arnold Wright had a different experience in talking to Trump about his late son. The tone was great,  Wright said.  His comments were appropriate. When pressed if Trump had said something similar to him, Wright said twice that Trump did not, adding that he didn t see anything problematic about it anyway. I ll say it: my son knew what he signed up for. He signed up to be a green beret. He had no illusions about what that meant,  said Wright, a military veteran himself.  My son came from a military family with a tradition that dates back to 1812. He fully knew what it means to serve and the risk involved. ",0
17792,JUDICIAL WATCH INVESTIGATOR: Here’s why we’re becoming a ‘FAILED STATE’ [Video],"Chris Farrell is the Judicial Watch Director of Investigations who let it rip last night on the direction America is going in. Lou Dobbs got an earful from Farrell who discussed the  paralyzed  Justice Department:FARRELL LET IT RIP: It s really a giant socialist organ operating that protests itself. Offense after offense and you find laws are for the little people. The Clinton gang walks away. People say, Hey where s the Department of Justice investigation? Where s the FBI? Half the time they re complicit.FARRELL CONTINUED: The people with direct firsthand knowledge, they re the ones who kept their mouths shut for years. This is evidence that we are becoming a failed state. And I m not exaggerating when I say that. When the entire Justice Department is paralyzed. When the entire Justice Department is compromised when there is no investigations. There s these make-believe congressional hearings that are nothing more than soundbites.He s spot on about everything! Is anyone else out there sick to death of the congressional hearings that just give the Democrats a chance to create soundbites for the news? They get nothing accomplished at these hearings that really have become useless. Why not interview people without all the cameras? Having the cameras there just makes it a sideshow with drama queens like Al Franken.Farrell s assessment of the Justice Department and other agencies like the FBI couldn t be more spot on. They are compromised therefore paralyzed into inaction.",0
17793,MUST WATCH: SEN TED CRUZ Tells SEN BERNIE SANDERS To “Curb Your Enthusiasm” In Hilarious Moment During CNN Debate,"Two US Senators who couldn t be more ideologically opposed, Republican Senator Ted Cruz and Independent (Socialist Party) Senator Bernie Sanders came together for what ended up being a very entertaining debate on the subject of the GOP tax plan during a debate hosted by CNN.The polarizing topic has been at the center of Capitol Hill, as lawmakers have attempted to reform the tax code. Republicans, in an effort to pass the tax code, have explored trying to pass tax reform without Democratic support; while Democrats have complained that they have been left out of a crucial, bipartisan process in governing.Included in the GOP tax plan is a 20% corporate tax rate, the elimination of the estate tax, and the implementation of three tax brackets.Cruz defended the plan, saying on CNN,  Republicans want to lower the taxes for each and every person watching this debate,  and said that lowering the corporate tax rate would allow businesses to create more jobs.Sanders, however, said the GOP s tax plan is about giving  tax breaks to people who don t need it.  The senator said he supports  a tax cut for the middle class and working families. Throughout the evening, the two senators threw several verbal jabs at each other s expense.At one point, Cruz claimed that his 2016 presidential campaign tried to strengthen social security and said politicians in Washington were  recklessly letting it careen towards insolvency. There are no changes at all,  Cruz said.  Every dollar, every penny of benefit is protected, but for young people, people my age  You re not so young anymore,  Sanders replied. You d be surprised,  Cruz said.Cruz also joked about the impersonation that comedian Larry David, star of HBO s  Curb Your Enthusiasm  did of Sanders on an episode of  Saturday Night Live. I m not interrupting you,  Sanders said, waving his hand as a sign for Cruz to hurry.  Come on, come on. You know, as some might say, curb your enthusiasm,  Cruz quipped.  By the way, the impression that Larry David does of you is spectacular and uncanny.   Business InsiderWatch: Ted Cruz to Bernie Sanders: ""As some might say, 'curb your enthusiasm'"" #CNNDebateNight https://t.co/m8N0COvcew  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 19, 2017No one does socialist curmudgeon Bernie Sanders like Larry David.  If you ve never seen the liberal actor Larry David imitating Senator Sanders on SNL, the video below is a MUST watch.",0
17794,ONE BRAVE MAN Is About To Reveal The Truth About What REALLY Happened In Ferguson…Black Lives Matter and The Media Are NOT Going To Be Happy [VIDEO],"Thanks to one very brave journalist and filmmaker, FERGUSON, a very important and extremely controversial play, is set to begin in New York City on October 19 and will run through October 30th.The New York version of FERGUSON is directed by Jerry Dixon.Much like the contentious real-life drama that played out on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, when Michael Brown was shot dead by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson, filmmaker Phelim McAleer s controversial retelling of what really happened that fateful day in the Ferguson the play, using only the Grand Jury testimony from the Officer Wilson trial, is sure to ruffle some feathers.Black Lives Matter has been perpetuating a lie about Michael Brown and how he was a victim of murder at the hands of a white police officer, who had no grounds whatsoever to shoot him.FERGUSON is a Verbatim Play   it only uses actual Grand Jury testimony from eyewitnesses who saw police officer Daren Wilson shoot Michael Brown. Most of these eyewitnesses are minorities and yet their accounts are totally at odds with the stories spun by the mainstream media and activists.This is why it is so important to bring the truth to New York. Obviously the New York theatrical establishment won t support this play. They seem to really detest anything that challenges their cozy consensus world view.Ferguson the play, was the brainchild of journalist and filmmaker Phelim McAleer, who many know for his hard-hitting documentary Fracknation, that pulled the curtain back on a false narrative being pushed by liberal activists and politicians, and exposed the truth behind the lies Americans were being told about the dangers of fracking.Two years ago, when rehearsal began in Los Angeles for FERGUSON, McAleer found himself having to deal with 9 actors who walked out when rehearsals began, after reading the script (that is based on the verbatim Grand Jury testimony of the witnesses during the officer Wilson trial).What makes FERGUSON so compelling, is that not one word of the Grand Jury testimony is altered or changed. McAleer, who was determined to keep the show alive, explains how difficult it has been to get his play to the New York stage:McAleer tells viewers in the promotional video below, that the truth about what really happened in Ferguson is not what the mainstream media s been telling you.:  The truth was so shocking to so many people, that 9 of the cast walked out during rehearsals in Los Angeles. I was determined that the show would go on, even though the cast walked out. And the cast walked out because what they wanted to believe, didn t match the truth that was in the  Grand Jury documents. They were so convinced by the media, of one version of events, and the truth didn t matter to them, and they couldn t handle it. So that s why it s so important to bring this to New York. Phelim goes on to remind viewers of how Mike Pence was attacked by the cast and audience when he went to see Hamilton in New York.Despite the 9 members of the cast who walked out on the play in Los Angeles and the anger the play incited in many supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement, FERGUSON was very well-received by critics after its debut in Los Angeles.Watch:Phelim McAleer is asking for help to fund his FERGUSON production. Please consider making a contribution to this very worthy cause by clicking HERE to donate.FERGUSON  made for a riveting spectacle and comes as a reminder both of the adversarial dramatic power that is inherent in any courtroom testimony and how even the dry language of a legal transcript can come alive when placed in the hands of skilled actors. Add a standing-room-only audience and the high stakes of this country s ongoing debate about race, police profiling and its use of lethal force, and you ve got the ingredients for an incendiary evening of theater.  -LA WEEKLYHopefully, FERGUSON the play will cause Americans to understand what really happened in Ferguson through the eyes of the people who testified to what they actually saw that day and not through the lies of the mainstream media and the false narrative of Black Lives Matter leaders and activists.",0
17795,THEY KNEW! CLOSE CLINTON FRIEND Warned Against Agreeing To Allow Sexual Predator Harvey Weinstein To Host Fundraisers…They Did It Anyway,"In June of 2016, the disgraced sexual predator, and Hollywood producer, Harvey Weinstein, hosted a fundraiser for Hillary s presidential campaign in Manhattan. Some of the top celebrities in the business accepted Harvey s invitation to the event. Celebrity donors who were in attendance at the event included Leo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, and Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick. Weinstein raised $1.8 million for Hillary at his star-studded fundraiser. When Hillary was asked if she was planning to give any of the money back or would give it to charity, the Clinton Foundation claimed they would not give back a cent, and that the money had already been spent on other  charitable purposes .  We re wondering what, exactly the Clinton Foundation means by  charitable purposes ?  Like Chelsea s wedding that was partially funded by the Clinton Foundation?A TV writer and close Clinton family friend says she warned at least three  top-level Democratic operatives  against allowing Harvey Weinstein to host fundraisers. A warning that evidently (and to the glee of Fox News) fell on deaf ears,  writes  Designing Women  creator Linda Bloodworth-Thomason in a new Hollywood Reporter op-ed.Weinstein gave thousands and bundled $1.42 million in donations to Hillary Clinton s presidential run, but the former secretary of state has said she had no idea about the producer s predatory ways.Bloodworth-Thomason, who has created political promotional films for both Clintons, said she helped President Bill Clinton pen an apology amid his own sex scandal and that his actions have  taxed my feminist conscience    but she still loves him  dearly. She says she has long been aware of Weinstein s lecherous ways and is skeptical of those now claiming ignorance. Some said this despite knowing him for decades, starring in his films and being friends with accusers who starred in his films,  she writes.But although Weinstein was  at the top of the sexual predator food chain  she says the industry is rife with men like him. These kinds of atrocities against women routinely go unreported and unpunished in the entertainment industry. The No. 1 casting criterion in Hollywood is that, above all else, an actress must be  hot and f kable,  she writes.  Page Six ",0
17796,"SAUDI MAN Abdullah Alhorir SCALDED, WHIPPED and BEAT Wife, ASSAULTED Daughters In Hotel Room After Trip To Disneyworld Cops Say","A worker on the 10th floor of a Miami Beach hotel was confronted by a Saudi Arabian woman Monday morning who  begged for help  after saying she had been beaten by her husband, police said.When police arrived they said they found a traumatized family with children who had bruises on their faces from being slapped and a woman who had been whipped, handcuffed and who had scalding water poured on her. Victim stated that her husband had beaten her with a whip in the hotel room over the course of the past several days,  Miami Beach police officer Glenn Teboe wrote in Alhorir s arrest affidavit.Police said besides a leather whip they also found tie wraps they believe were used as handcuffs in the hotel room.According to police, it was just after 10 a.m. Monday when Monte Carlo Hotel worker Victor Perez was confronted by Alhorir s wife   who hasn t been named   outside of Room 1010 at the hotel at 6551 Collins Ave.She was covered with bruises, police said and her husband tried to coax her back into the room. Perez managed to get her to the lobby before police arrived. When they did, her husband arrived downstairs with their two daughters.Alhorir told police that his wife woke up with marks on her body and blamed him. His wife eventually handed police pictures of their daughters at Walt Disney World a few days before her husband s arrest. Police said they had bruises on their faces.Abdullah Alhorir, 34, was arrested and charged with battery and false imprisonment. He was taken to the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center. His bond was set at $6,500.  Miami Herald ",0
17797,CA FIRE UPDATE: Jesus Fabian Gonzalez Arrested For Suspicion of ARSON In Sanctuary County After He’s Caught Walking Away From Fire With Lighter In Pocket,"Yesterday, a man who is likely an illegal alien was arrested on suspicion of arson in the sanctuary county of Sonoma, where wildfires have devasted the lives of hundreds of thousands of Californians and destroyed structures worth billions of dollars. The only news, however, that most of America will read about today, is news of an unproven allegation by a Democrat Representative from Texas about a conversation President Trump allegedly had with a grieving military widow. This story, of course, is a much bigger story, with actual evidence that points to the very real possibility that the Sonoma County Sheriff s office has, in their custody, the arsonist who s responsible for the largest fire in California s history. It s also quite possible, that without the aid of the local and state government officials, who have gone out of their way to protect illegal aliens living in their communities, we wouldn t even be reading about these horrific wildfires.Sonoma County fires have killed dozens. 172 are still missing and 102,000 residents have been dislocated   about one-fifth of the entire population. The latest financial losses include 3,819 unincorporated parcels with 100 structures valued at $2,016,962,239, and 2,907 homes and 86 commercial units lost in the city of Santa Rosa valued at $1.18 billion.Breitbart   The U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) issued a detainer request on the Sonoma County Jail for Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, who was arrested Sunday on suspicion of arson in Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents.Breitbart News reported earlier this week that Sonoma County Sheriffs had arrested Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, 29, at Maxwell Regional Park in Sonoma County after a series of reports of ongoing fires in the region. Mr. Gonzalez was observed around 3:00 p.m. PDT wearing a jacket and walking  out of the creek area and a plume of smoke behind him,  according to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat.LA Times    He was screaming really bad things at the police when he was arrested,  recalled David Moreno, 29, who witnessed the arrest.  He was yelling things like,  I m going to teach you a lesson you ll never forget. Three Sonoma County probation officers patrolling Maxwell Farms Regional Park just before 3 p.m. noticed a plume of smoke rising from an area near the Sonoma Creek, Sheriff s Department spokeswoman Misti Harris said.Gonzalez walked away from the fire as the officers approached, Harris said. Nobody else was in the area,  Harris said.Sonoma County Sheriff s Department deputies followed Gonzalez to a nearby McDonald s. Gonzalez had  previous contacts  with law enforcement, she said.Gonzalez told police he started the fire because he was cold, Harris said. Officers found a lighter in his pocket.*The recorded temperature at the time that the fires started was a balmy 78 degrees.Some homeless people who knew Gonzalez said that he had a habit of setting fire to brush along the creek bed.Tensions were already high in this smoke-filled region, about 25 miles east of Santa Rosa.Local mechanic Shawn Stephensen, 40, said,  A few days ago I was walking down the street with a gas can and someone driving by stopped to say,  I wouldn t be carrying a thing like that around at a time like this. At first I didn t get it,  Stephensen, who knew Gonzalez, said.  Then it dawned on me    Oh yeah, instant felony case. Mr. Gonzalez was booked into the Sonoma County Jail for suspicion of felony arson. His bail was set at a steep $110,000, according to the Sonoma County Sheriff Public Information Officer.Sargent Spencer Crum told Breitbart that Mr. Gonzalez is also on a U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) detainer request, despite Sonoma County declaring itself as a  sanctuary county  in May 2014. The county only cooperates with  ICE holds  if the prisoner has been convicted of a felony or any misdemeanor offence that falls within the Trust Act within the last five years. Mr. Gonzalez s immigration status has not yet been announced.The American Civil Liberties Union argues detainers are a violation of  unreasonable searches and seizures  under the U.S. Constitution s Fourth Amendment.The Sonoma County Sheriff Department s  1.0 Policy Statement  reads:  No person shall be held solely on the basis of their immigration status.  The policy adds that  the immigration status of a person, and the lack of immigration documentation, should have no bearing on the manner in which Sheriff s Office personnel execute their duties. Gonzalez is being held on bail of $110,000, according to Sonoma County booking records   $10,000 for the felony arson charge, and $100,000 for a bench warrant issued in Ventura County.Gonzalez was scheduled to be arraigned Monday in a county jail facility because the courts were closed due to the disaster. The arraignment was closed to the public and media.Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano on Tuesday afternoon tried to tamp down speculation that Gonzalez was responsible for fires that have killed more than 40 people in Northern California and destroyed thousands of homes.Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano on Tuesday afternoon tried to tamp down speculation that Gonzalez was responsible for fires that have killed more than 40 people in Northern California and destroyed thousands of homes. There is no indication that he is responsible for these fires,  Giordano said. ",0
17798,TRUMP HITS BACK After Cowgirl Congresswoman Trashes Him Over Words Said to Grieving Widow,"The left is going ballistic over supposed words said by President Trump to a grieving military widow.  President Trump made a call to Myeshia Wilson that s been turned into a political football by the left to make Trump out to be  crazy . Wilson s husband was killed in Niger while serving in our military so President Trump was making a sympathy call to Mrs. Wilson. Unfortunately, Wilson s family has been put in the middle of an effort to bash Trump.The media also wasted no time covering this story. They re doing their best to try and make Trump look as bad as possible Just another day in the life of the lefty media.Far left Congresswoman  Frederica Wilson jumped right in to trash Trump after the call. She s following the left s narrative by claiming Trump is a  sick man .  It s pretty funny that Wilson calls Trump crazy while wearing a glittery cowgirl hat 24/7.The  Resist  movement includes Wilson who refused to go to Trump s inauguration. Wilson also attacked the president in May when she said said he  needs psychological help and is desperate for attention.  Perhaps Cowgirl Wilson should look in the mirror .According to left leaning propaganda news NBC: He said,  But you know he must ve known what he signed up for,  the Democrat recounted Trump saying more than once during the call to express his sympathy. According to Wilson, the conversation lasted somewhere from three to five minutes. Everyone knows when you go to war you could possibly not come back alive but you don t remind a grieving widow of that,  Wilson said.  That s so insensitive. Trump  didn t even remember his name,  Wilson recalled Myeshia Johnson telling her after the call ended, the congresswoman told MSNBC s  Morning Joe  Wednesday. She hung up the phone and said,  He didn t even remember his name,  Wilson said.  That s the hurting part. The White House said Tuesday that the president had called the families of all four service members who were killed.  He offered condolences on behalf of a grateful nation and assured them their family s extraordinary sacrifice to the country will never be forgotten,  the White House said.Asked about Wilson s characterization of the call, a White House official said Tuesday night that  the president s conversations with the families of American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice are private. PETE HEGSETH POINTED OUT THAT THIS IS HOW FAR THE LEFT WILL GO TO TRASH TRUMP:Pete Hegseth said on  Fox & Friends  that this is another example of Trump s opponents taking every opportunity to twist or spin his words, even if it involves a fallen soldier. They want to question at every turn what he says he s committed to,  Hegseth said.  There s no one more committed, I believe, to our service members, to our veterans than this president. He said this shows how committed Democrats are to resisting Trump no matter what.TRUMP HITS BACK:Trump hit back at the claims saying he has proof of what was said on the call:Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2017Wilson took no time in shooting back that Trump is a  sick man . She s clearly milking this for all it s worth. It s sick that this Democrat would use this call to a grieving widow to bash our president.",0
17799,“MAXINE WATERS IN A GLITTERY COWBOY HAT” Goes To War With Trump Over Words Said To Grieving Widow,"The left is going ballistic over supposed words said by President Trump to a grieving military widow.  President Trump made a call to Myeshia Wilson that has been turned into a political football by the left to make Trump out to be  crazy . Wilson s husband was killed in Niger while serving in our military.The media also wasted no time covering this story that does it s best to try and make Trump look as bad as possible Just another day in the life of the lefty media.Far left Congresswoman  Frederica Wilson jumped right in to trash Trump after the call. She s following the left s narrative by claiming Trump is a  sick man .  It s pretty funny that Wilson calls Trump crazy while wearing a glittery cowgirl hat 24/7.According to NBC: He said,  But you know he must ve known what he signed up for,  the Democrat recounted Trump saying more than once during the call to express his sympathy. According to Wilson, the conversation lasted somewhere from three to five minutes. Everyone knows when you go to war you could possibly not come back alive but you don t remind a grieving widow of that,  Wilson said.  That s so insensitive. Trump  didn t even remember his name,  Wilson recalled Myeshia Johnson telling her after the call ended, the congresswoman told MSNBC s  Morning Joe  Wednesday. She hung up the phone and said,  He didn t even remember his name,  Wilson said.  That s the hurting part. The White House said Tuesday that the president had called the families of all four service members who were killed.  He offered condolences on behalf of a grateful nation and assured them their family s extraordinary sacrifice to the country will never be forgotten,  the White House said.Asked about Wilson s characterization of the call, a White House official said Tuesday night that  the president s conversations with the families of American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice are private. Trump hit back at the claims saying he has proof of what was said on the call:Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2017Wilson took no time in shooting back that Trump is a  sick man . She s clearly milking this for all it s worth. It s sick that this Democrat would use this call to a grieving widow to bash our president.",0
17800,WATCH: CNN Reporter Gets SKEWERED For MOCKING Polio Survivor Mitch McConnell After Trump Helps Him Up Stairs,"The CNN  journalist  who posted the video of President Trump helping polio survivor Mitch McConnell up the stairs, following their remarks to the press, will likely backfire, as most Americans will notice the gentle way that President Trump discreetly held Mitch McConnell s arm, as he helped him to navigate the stairs. For most Americans, this video will solidify what they already believe about him, that he is a generous and kind man and not the monster the media would like their followers to believe that he is. CNN political reporter Daniella Diaz sent a tweet on Monday pointing out that President Trump and Sen. Mitch McConnell locked hands while walking up stairs at the White House following their Rose Garden press conference. Diaz seemed to be mocking the Republican duo   but while followers quickly pointed out that the Kentucky senator is a polio survivor, the tweet remains on her feed nearly 24 hours later. That hand-lock between Trump and McConnell, though,  Diaz wrote with video of the incident.That hand-lock between Trump and McConnell, though. https://t.co/xFClDYCmdQ  Daniella Diaz (@DaniellaMicaela) October 16, 2017A CNN colleague called out Diaz, quoting her tweet and explaining the situation. At the time this article was published, Diaz had not deleted the tweet. Daily Beast Senior Editor Andrew Kirell also asked what was going on in a since-deleted response. McConnell is a polio survivor, a reason why stairs can be tricky at times,  CNN s Senior Congressional Correspondent Manu Raju wrote.  McConnell often goes up a step at a time, sometimes needs railing for assistance. This time, used Trump for balance. love it! Mocking a guy with Polio is such a hallmark of great journalism. @CNN must be extremely proud of your stellar reporting pic.twitter.com/CWEr6OjDXs  Matthew Levine (@Matty74f) October 16, 2017Actor James Woods DESTROYED CNN  journalist  Daniella Diaz in a reply to her tweet:McConnell is a polio survivor, you misinformed, arrogant, obnoxious, vile, biased asshole. @CNNFakeNews https://t.co/TGvhr9rfDF  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 17, 2017Several more Twitter users commented on Diaz s tweet, saying it needs to be removed and criticizing the CNN reporter for the message.My mother has polio. I've done the same thing for her most of my life. It's called compassion. Perhaps do some research before tweeting.  Scott Fitzgerald (@PhitzyCent) October 17, 2017You are probably too young to realize that people used to get polio in this country. Childhood polio isn't funny.  Hattie Kauffman (@Hatsfree) October 16, 2017 You re making fun of the President of the United States helping a polio survivor that stumbled. Stay classy CNN, stay classy,  one user responded.Making fun of the President for helping a polio survivor that stumbled. Stay classy CNN, stay classy  The_Kondor (@RadTekes91) October 17, 2017This Twitter user suggested that the CNN  journalist  should learn how to do research before mocking a polio survivor.Don t journalists do research? She must of missed that in her first journalism class. Top notch reporter there!  Only Upside (@donovan3333) October 17, 2017Back in 1990, McConnell explained his medical situation in a campaign ad when running for re-election in Kentucky. When I was a child and my dad was in World War II, I got polio. I recovered, but my family almost went broke,  McConnell explained.Before the polio vaccine was introduced in 1955, tens of thousands of American children developed paralytic polio every year, according to WebMD. Post-polio syndrome affects some people who had the condition, and symptoms include extreme fatigue, joint pain and progressive weakness in muscles. So very cheap and sleazy journalism   if it even could be called journalism just a hate post,  one user wrote, while another said,  He had polio. Read a bio first if you re going to report on people. It s been known since he went to Congress.  FOX News ",0
17801,YIKES! ACADEMY AWARD WINNING Actor Starring In Harvey Weinstein’s New Batman Movie: “Children UNDER 16 Are Immensely Attractive”,"Batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming Batman sequel,  Justice League , a Harvey Weinstein produced movie, that is set to be released before Christmas of 2017, have taken to social media, demanding that the studio replace the Batman actor Ben Affleck. A close friend of the now disgraced Hollywood kingpin producer and sexual predator, Harvey Weinstein, Ben Affleck, has received quite a bit of criticism after women in the industry came forward to accuse him of being complicit in Weinstein s behavior, and have even accused him of disgusting and inappropriate sexual behavior toward women in the industry.The lone female superhero, Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman in the upcoming movie, recently came out with a statement of support for fellow actresses who have been victims of sexual abuse and condemnation for their sexual harassers: Ben Affleck, who stars as Batman in the Harvey Weinstein Batman Vs. Superman movie is not the only actor who should be shunned by moviegoers. It s time for the spotlight to be shined on a few of the other actors in the Weinstein movie, including  Justice League  actor Jeremy Irons.Actor Jeremy Irons, who won a  Best Actor  Academy Award for his role in  Reversal of Fortune , is set to play the role of Batman s butler, Alfred J. Pennyworthy in Weinstein s Batman sequel  Justice League . Hollywood has clearly been ignoring sexual predators like Harvey Weinstein, Woody Allen, and Ben Affleck for decades, so it s not too surprising that Jeremy Irons has somehow managed to escape scrutiny by the media, and by his fellow Hollywood actors, after the disgusting remarks he made following his lead role as a pedophile in the controversial  Lolita  movie.In 1998, Jeremy Irons starred as a pedophile in the movie Lolita, that was based on a 1955 novel written by Russian American novelist Vladimir Nabokov. The novel is notable for its controversial subject: the protagonist and unreliable narrator a middle-aged literature professor called Humbert Humbert is obsessed with the 12-year-old Dolores Haze, with whom he becomes sexually involved after he becomes her stepfather.  Lolita  is his private nickname for Dolores.Telegraph   The actor Jeremy Irons, who starred in the film Lolita, says the  hysteria  sweeping the country over pedophilia is damaging relations between adults and children.Irons, who has two sons with his wife Sinead Cusack, says it is important to uphold a rigid social morality but also vital that adults are allowed to show affection to children.Pedophilia should be treated as a disease, he says in a BBC interview to be screened next week. But it must also be recognized that children are attractive and that parental love has a  sexual  element. It is very difficult because children under 16 are immensely attractive,  he says.  Any father will tell you. I think our children have to be protected. But I don t think we need to have hysteria. In the interview, Irons says his character was not a pedophile in the strict sense, as he  knew that what he was doing was wrong . Referring to his family, he describes the difficulties of judging the line between natural affection and pedophilia. I remember when my son was 12 and he was like a god. He just went through that sort of golden time for about 18 months. I don t have a daughter but they do the same. Parental love is sexual. Children practice on their parents. Girls will flirt outrageously with their fathers because they are practicing. But we should know that that is practice. Boys will flirt outrageously with their mothers in a different way. His comments were seized on by child protection charities. The NSPCC said:  Such comments are ambiguous and could be interpreted by sex offenders as a justification for their behavior. Esther Rantzen, the chairman of ChildLine, said:  The words  immensely attractive  are not the best thing to say about children under 16.  Appealing or charming  are more appropriate. Irons, 56, made the remarks when asked about his portrayal of Humbert Humbert, the lecturer who falls for a young girl in the film of Vladimir Nabokov s novel Lolita. When the film came out in 1998, he suggested that child abuse did not always ruin the life of the victim.In the video below, Jeremy Irons arrogantly discusses his own brilliance as he portrays a pedophile in  Lolita . Go to the 7:50 mark to hear Irons tell the interviewers how  devastatingly attractive  many 15-year-old girls are. The greatness of the performance that Dominique Swain gives, is that she is all of our daughters. Funny, wacky, silly, attractive, because many girls of 15 are devastatingly attractive. WATCH:Irons also once posed the question about whether or not a son should be able to marry his father:NYDN -Academy Award-winning actor Jeremy Irons said Wednesday that while he doesn t have much of a strong opinion either way on same-sex marriage, he believes it poses interesting questions, including whether allowing same-sex marriage would open the door for interfamilial relationships. Could a father not marry his son?  Irons asked HuffPost Live host Josh Zepps. Irons argued that  it s not incest between men  because  incest is there to protect us from inbreeding, but men don t breed,  and wondered whether same-sex marriage might allow fathers to pass on their estates to their sons without being taxed.Jason Momoa who plays  Aquaman  in in Weinstein s  Justice League  movie was recently attacked on social media after a video was being circulated of him making a disgusting  joke  during a public forum, where he bragged about the benefit of being able to play  Khal Drogo  on the  Game of Thrones  series, and how he is able to  rape beautiful women and get away with it .   Weinstein s  Justice Leauge  movie,  surfaced on Twitter, where he was seen discussing as far as sci-fi and fantasy, I love that there s so many things you can do like rip someone s tongue out of their throat and get away with it and rape beautiful women. Watch the video below:tw: rapea horrific clip of jason momoa saying he loved working on #gameofthrones bc he ""got to rape beautiful women."" men are trash. pic.twitter.com/K2RBmsWEt6  bella goth (@peeanofreek) October 12, 2017After the video of the Game of Thrones actor went viral, he apologized for his  truly tasteless comment  on Instagram.",0
17802,ACADEMY AWARD WINNING ACTOR In Harvey Weinstein’s New Batman Movie Once Denounced Pedophilia Hysteria…Claimed: “Children UNDER 16 [yrs old] Are Immensely Attractive”,"Batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming Batman sequel,  Justice League , a Harvey Weinstein movie, that is set to be released before Christmas of 2017, have taken to social media, demanding that the studio replace the Batman actor Ben Affleck. A close friend of the now disgraced Hollywood kingpin producer and sexual predator, Harvey Weinstein, Ben Affleck, has received quite a bit of criticism after women in the industry came forward to accuse him of being complicit in Weinstein s behavior, and have even accused him of disgusting and inappropriate sexual behavior toward women in the industry.A close friend of the now disgraced Hollywood kingpin producer and sexual predator, Harvey Weinstein, Ben Affleck, has received quite a bit of criticism after women in the industry have come forward and accused him of being complicit in Weinstein s behavior and have even accused him of disgusting and inappropriate sexual behavior toward women in the industry. The video below showing Affleck treating an MTV host like a sexual object during the taping of her show quickly went viral on Twitter:[VIDEO] Ben Affleck objectifies female reporter, comments on her breasts, then makes fun of ""retarded"" people with cerebral palsy. #cringe pic.twitter.com/5OiBtYkkVB  Austen Fletcher (@fleccas) October 12, 2017The lone female superhero, Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman in the upcoming movie, recently came out with a statement of support for fellow actresses who have been victims of sexual abuse and condemnation for their sexual harassers: Ben Affleck, who stars as Batman in the Harvey Weinstein Batman Vs. Superman movie is not the only actor who should be shunned by moviegoers and fellow actors in the accepting, liberal, Hollywood crowd. It s time for the spotlight to be shined on a few of the other actors in the Weinstein movie, including  Justice League  actor Jeremy Irons.Actor Jeremy Irons, who won a  Best Actor  Academy Award for his role in  Reversal of Fortune , is set to play the role of Batman s butler, Alfred J. Pennyworthy in Weinstein s Batman sequel  Justice League . Given the pass Hollywood has clearly been giving sexual predators like Harvey Weinstein, Woody Allen, and Ben Affleck, it s not too surprising that Jeremy Irons has somehow managed to escape scrutiny by the media and by his fellow Hollywood actors after disgusting remarks he made following his role as a pedophile in the controversial  Lolita  movie.In 1998, Jeremy Irons starred as a pedophile in the movie Lolita, that was based on a 1955 novel written by Russian American novelist Vladimir Nabokov. The novel is notable for its controversial subject: the protagonist and unreliable narrator a middle-aged literature professor called Humbert Humbert is obsessed with the 12-year-old Dolores Haze, with whom he becomes sexually involved after he becomes her stepfather.  Lolita  is his private nickname for Dolores.Telegraph   The actor Jeremy Irons, who starred in the film Lolita, says the  hysteria  sweeping the country over pedophilia is damaging relations between adults and children.Irons, who has two sons with his wife Sinead Cusack, says it is important to uphold a rigid social morality but also vital that adults are allowed to show affection to children.Pedophilia should be treated as a disease, he says in a BBC interview to be screened next week. But it must also be recognized that children are attractive and that parental love has a  sexual  element. It is very difficult because children under 16 are immensely attractive,  he says.  Any father will tell you. I think our children have to be protected. But I don t think we need to have hysteria. In the interview, Irons says his character was not a pedophile in the strict sense, as he  knew that what he was doing was wrong . Referring to his family, he describes the difficulties of judging the line between natural affection and pedophilia. I remember when my son was 12 and he was like a god. He just went through that sort of golden time for about 18 months. I don t have a daughter but they do the same. Parental love is sexual. Children practice on their parents. Girls will flirt outrageously with their fathers because they are practicing. But we should know that that is practice. Boys will flirt outrageously with their mothers in a different way. His comments were seized on by child protection charities. The NSPCC said:  Such comments are ambiguous and could be interpreted by sex offenders as a justification for their behavior. Esther Rantzen, the chairman of ChildLine, said:  The words  immensely attractive  are not the best thing to say about children under 16.  Appealing or charming  are more appropriate. Irons, 56, made the remarks when asked about his portrayal of Humbert Humbert, the lecturer who falls for a young girl in the film of Vladimir Nabokov s novel Lolita. When the film came out in 1998, he suggested that child abuse did not always ruin the life of the victim.In the video below, Jeremy Irons arrogantly discusses his own brilliance as he portrays a pedophile in  Lolita . Go to the 7:50 mark to hear Irons tell the interviewers how  devastatingly attractive  many 15-year-old girls are. The greatness of the performance that Dominique Swain gives, is that she is all of our daughters. Funny, wacky, silly, attractive, because many girls of 15 are devastatingly attractive. WATCH:Irons also once posed the question about whether or not a son should be able to marry his father:NYDN -Academy Award-winning actor Jeremy Irons said Wednesday that while he doesn t have much of a strong opinion either way on same-sex marriage, he believes it poses interesting questions, including whether allowing same-sex marriage would open the door for interfamilial relationships. Could a father not marry his son?  Irons asked HuffPost Live host Josh Zepps. Irons argued that  it s not incest between men  because  incest is there to protect us from inbreeding, but men don t breed,  and wondered whether same-sex marriage might allow fathers to pass on their estates to their sons without being taxed.Jason Momoa who plays  Aquaman  in in Weinstein s  Justice League  movie was recently attacked on social media after a video was being circulated of him making a disgusting  joke  during a public forum, where he bragged about the benefit of being able to play  Khal Drogo  on the  Game of Thrones  series, and how he is able to  rape beautiful women and get away with it .   Weinstein s  Justice Leauge  movie,  surfaced on Twitter, where he was seen discussing as far as sci-fi and fantasy, I love that there s so many things you can do like rip someone s tongue out of their throat and get away with it and rape beautiful women. Watch video below:tw: rapea horrific clip of jason momoa saying he loved working on #gameofthrones bc he ""got to rape beautiful women."" men are trash. pic.twitter.com/K2RBmsWEt6  bella goth (@peeanofreek) October 12, 2017After the video of the Game of Thrones actor went viral, he apologized for his  truly tasteless comment  on Instagram.",0
17803,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Hillary, Obama, Holder, Comey, Mueller and 2 Key Officials Leading Trump-Russia Collusion Investigation Are All Linked To HUGE Secret Russian NUCLEAR Deal","Yesterday, the founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange sent a cryptic tweet that contained a series of number and letters. Someone out there knows what that code means, and they are very likely shaking in their boots today.4767 5774 6a7a 4d6c 6330 666b 314a 3453 0000 0907 84b4 f787 7616 86f7 a737 5707 5736  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) October 15, 2017On another front, two writers from separate publications were set to publish what Sean Hannity was calling a  huge bombshell  story that was due to break today.Last night on Fox News  Hannity show, Sean Hannity warned that a huge bombshell would be breaking today. Sean told his audience that Circa News Sara Carter and The Hill s John Solomon have HUGE BREAKING NEWS. Hannity told his audience,  Let me put it this way, if I m Hillary or fake news, I won t be sleeping well tonight. Watch:.@seanhannity TICK TOCK Tonight Folks  Get ready @HillaryClinton  pic.twitter.com/PxbRCgyPwm  'GITMO' BAMA   (@President1Trump) October 17, 2017Well, John Solomon and Alison Spann s story did indeed break first thing today in The Hill, and it s a doozy. Will justice finally be delivered to these corrupt, anti-American, self-serving and lying players? Not providing information on a corruption scheme before the Russian uranium deal was approved by U.S. regulators and engage appropriate congressional committees has served to undermine U.S. national security interests by the very people charged with protecting them. The Russian efforts to manipulate our American political enterprise is breathtaking.    Former House Intelligence Chair Mike Rogers (R-MI)The Hill   Before the Obama administration approved a controversial deal in 2010 giving Moscow control of a large swath of American uranium, the FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin s atomic energy business inside the United States, according to government documents and interviews.Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness working inside the Russian nuclear industry to gather extensive financial records, make secret recordings and intercept emails as early as 2009 that showed Moscow had compromised an American uranium trucking firm with bribes and kickbacks in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, FBI and court documents show.They also obtained an eyewitness account   backed by documents   indicating Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton s charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow, sources told The Hill.The racketeering scheme was conducted  with the consent of higher level officials  in Russia who  shared the proceeds  from the kickbacks, one agent declared in an affidavit years later.Rather than bring immediate charges in 2010, however, the Department of Justice (DOJ) continued investigating the matter for nearly four more years, essentially leaving the American public and Congress in the dark about Russian nuclear corruption on U.S. soil during a period when the Obama administration made two major decisions benefitting Putin s commercial nuclear ambitions.The first decision occurred in October 2010, when the State Department and government agencies on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States unanimously approved the partial sale of Canadian mining company Uranium One to the Russian nuclear giant Rosatom, giving Moscow control of more than 20 percent of America s uranium supply.When this sale was used by Trump on the campaign trail last year, Hillary Clinton s spokesman said she was not involved in the committee review and noted the State Department official who handled it said she  never intervened   on any [Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States] matter. In 2011, the administration gave approval for Rosatom s Tenex subsidiary to sell commercial uranium to U.S. nuclear power plants in a partnership with the United States Enrichment Corp. Before then, Tenex had been limited to selling U.S. nuclear power plants reprocessed uranium recovered from dismantled Soviet nuclear weapons under the 1990s Megatons to Megawatts peace program. The Russians were compromising American contractors in the nuclear industry with kickbacks and extortion threats, all of which raised legitimate national security concerns. And none of that evidence got aired before the Obama administration made those decisions,  a person who worked on the case told The Hill, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by U.S. or Russian officials.The Obama administration s decision to approve Rosatom s purchase of Uranium One has been a source of political controversy since 2015.That s when conservative author Peter Schweitzer and The New York Times documented how Bill Clinton collected hundreds of thousands of dollars in Russian speaking fees and his charitable foundation collected millions in donations from parties interested in the deal while Hillary Clinton presided on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.The Obama administration and the Clintons defended their actions at the time, insisting there was no evidence that any Russians or donors engaged in wrongdoing and there was no national security reason for any member of the committee to oppose the Uranium One deal.But FBI, Energy Department and court documents reviewed by The Hill show the FBI, in fact, had gathered substantial evidence well before the committee s decision that Vadim Mikerin   the main Russian overseeing Putin s nuclear expansion inside the United States   was engaged in wrongdoing starting in 2009.Then-Attorney General Eric Holder was among the Obama administration officials joining Hillary Clinton on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States at the time the Uranium One deal was approved. Multiple current and former government officials told The Hill they did not know whether the FBI or DOJ ever alerted committee members to the criminal activity they uncovered.Spokesmen for Holder and Clinton did not return calls seeking comment. The Justice Department also didn t comment.Mikerin was a director of Rosatom s Tenex in Moscow since the early 2000s, where he oversaw Rosatom s nuclear collaboration with the United States under the Megatons to Megwatts program and its commercial uranium sales to other countries. In 2010, Mikerin was dispatched to the U.S. on a work visa approved by the Obama administration to open Rosatom s new American arm called Tenam.Between 2009 and January 2012, Mikerin  did knowingly and willfully combine, conspire confederate and agree with other persons   to obstruct, delay and affect commerce and the movement of an article and commodity (enriched uranium) in commerce by extortion,  a November 2014 indictment stated.His illegal conduct was captured with the help of a confidential witness, an American businessman, who began making kickback payments at Mikerin s direction and with the permission of the FBI. The first kickback payment recorded by the FBI through its informant was dated Nov. 27, 2009, the records show. The investigation was ultimately supervised by then-U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, an Obama appointee who now serves as President Trump s deputy attorney general, and then-Assistant FBI Director Andrew McCabe, now the deputy FBI director under Trump, Justice Department documents show.On August 6, 2017,  The Washington Times questioned Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein s  fishing expedition  aimed at digging up dirt on President Trump in his investigation in the Trump-Russia investigation. The special counsel is subject to the rules and regulations of the Department of Justice, and we don t engage in fishing expeditions,  Mr. Rosenstein said on  Fox News Sunday. In his first Sunday show interview, Mr. Rosenstein added that special counsel Robert Mueller  understands and I understand the specific scope of the investigation and so, it s not a fishing expedition. Mr. Rosenstein s comments come amid reports citing unnamed sources that the investigation has expanded into Mr. Trump s finances unrelated to possible Russian interference in last year s election.Mr. Rosenstein played down the reports:  That s not anything that I ve said. That s not anything Director Mueller has said. We don t know who s saying it or how credible those sources are. Both men now play a key role in the current investigation into possible, but still unproven collusion between Russia and Donald Trump s campaign during the 2016 election.McCabe is under congressional and Justice Department inspector general investigation in connection with money his wife s Virginia state Senate campaign accepted in 2015 from now-Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe at a time when McAuliffe was reportedly under investigation by the FBI.The connections to the current Russia case are many. The Mikerin probe began in 2009 when Robert Mueller, now the special counsel in charge of the Trump case, was still FBI director. And it ended in late 2015 under the direction of then-FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired earlier this year.Bringing down a major Russian nuclear corruption scheme that had both compromised a sensitive uranium transportation asset inside the U.S. and facilitated international money laundering would seem a major feather in any law enforcement agency s cap.But the Justice Department and FBI took little credit in 2014 when Mikerin, the Russian financier and the trucking firm executives were arrested and charged.The only public statement occurred an entire year later when the Justice Department put out a little-noticed press release in August 2015, just days before Labor Day. The release noted that the various defendants had reached plea deals.The lack of fanfare left many key players in Washington with no inkling that a major Russian nuclear corruption scheme with serious national security implications had been uncovered.On Dec. 15, 2015, the Justice Department put out a release stating that Mikerin,  a former Russian official residing in Maryland was sentenced today to 48 months in prison  and ordered to forfeit more than $2.1 million.Ronald Hosko, who served as the assistant FBI director in charge of criminal cases when the investigation was underway, told The Hill he did not recall ever being briefed about Mikerin s case by the counterintelligence side of the bureau despite the criminal charges that were being lodged. I had no idea this case was being conducted,  a surprised Hosko said in an interview.Meanwhile, Julian Assange is jumping on the bandwagon, as he teases that he has a major announcement of his own that is coming soon Russian nuclear bribery investigation reveals that Russia routed millions to the Clintons https://t.co/ti7ycn7auf  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) October 17, 2017 ",0
17804,ONE BRUTAL IMAGE Perfectly Captures The Truth About Hillary’s Plans To “Donate” Weinstein’s Campaign Contributions,"A spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation claims the group will not return Weinstein s donations, which totaled between $100,000 and $250,000.Because oops! The Clinton Foundation has already spent the money. But don t worry, Harvey s dirty money went to very good causes supporting women and children. And we all know how much Bill loves to take care of women This image by cartoonist Antonio F. Branco, perfectly illustrates just how generous the Clinton s are with their charitable donations.The spokesman said the foundation already spent the money on its programs, such as lowering the cost of HIV medication and supporting women and girls in developing countries.The foundation said it supports commitments to combat human trafficking, and runs the No Ceilings Project  which aims to advance the full participation of girls and women around the world  through  data-driven analysis on gender inequality, an in-depth conversation series, innovative partnerships, and CGI commitments. The explanation comes after foundation board member Chelsea Clinton ducked questions about Weinstein s money from a DailyMail.com reporter while attending a Clinton Global Initiative University event at Northeastern University in Boston on Saturday.The former first daughter hustled out a side door after the event, evading a reporter as she rushed to her car surrounded by aides and security.The Clinton Foundation and a spokesperson for Hillary Clinton had previously declined to comment on the Weinstein matter.Organizations have been divided on whether to return money to Weinstein, who gave to numerous political and philanthropic causes over the years.  Daily Mail",0
17805,HILARIOUS! President Trump BEGS Hillary To Run In 2020 At Press Conference…”PLEASE RUN AGAIN!” [VIDEO],"FOX News reporter John Roberts told President Trump that in an earlier interview, Hillary Clinton said she did not believe that the players taking a knee in the NFL was about disrespecting the flag. Roberts mentioned that Trump fired back in a tweet that he hoped Hillary would run again in 2020. Trump interrupted to say:  Oh I hope Hillary runs! Is she going to run? Please, Hillary, run again!   Trump responded that her way of agreeing with the players disrespecting our flag is the reason she lost the election, saying,  Well, that s why she l the election. I mean honestly, it s that thinking is why she lost the election. Trump said that he believes that Hillary s statement  in itself, is very disrespectful to our country. Watch:Will someone please tell Crooked Hillary that America doesn t care about her opinion, and if we did, we would have elected her as our next President. Here s the hilarious tweet from President Trump on Monday morning that John Robert s was referring to:   I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was,  I hope so! I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, ""I hope so!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2017",0
17806,WATCH: THE VIEW’S WHOOPI GOLDBERG and Her Leftist Co-Hosts Get SCHOOLED By Meghan McCain For Defending Eminem’s Hateful Anti-Trump Rant,"The View s Joy Behar was beaming after watching a clip of Eminem trashing President Trump at the BET awards, where he told his fans that if they support Trump, he doesn t need them to purchase his music. Behar suggested that Eminem was being brave because literally no one in Hollywood or the music industry has taken such a stand,  That s why you need to give him [Eminem] credit because very few people in the industry will go out and say,  I don t care if you don t support me. This is more important than, than my popularity.  I have never seen it, frankly.  Really Joy? What planet have you been living on for the past 2 years?Co-host Sonny Hostin told the adoring liberal crowd,  I was actually at the hair salon watching the BET awards and the salon just um, roared when that happened.   She went on to condemn Trump for using Twitter and other means of communication to express his conservative views and then told the excessively liberal panel that,  I just thought it was very brave. That s when Meghan McCain, who appeared to be silently seething, as she listened to these morons speak to viewers as though they re speaking to an audience who s been living on an alternate planet, or don t have any access to real news finally spoke up, saying,  Actually, It s more socially acceptable to be a liberal in Hollywood. That s when Whoopi lost it Whoopi made a complete fool of herself when she embarrassingly attempted to prove that Meghan McCain doesn t understand history and that communism in Hollywood was really a right-wing movement. Huh? Whoopi then doubled down and suggested in her condescending tone that a simple trip to Amazon to purchase a few books should help Meghan to understand the history of Hollywood, that of course, only Whoopi truly understands. Whoopi then embarrassed herself again when she tried to prove how many conservatives are working in Hollywood. The first example she used was comedian Tim Allen, whose top-rated show,  Last Man Standing  was just clearly canceled by ABC for political reasons. Whoopi then attempted to think of a second conservative actor and stumbled to finally land on Tom Selleck who hasn t acted in a major movie or television show for decades. Selleck s career peaked in the 1990 s. Outside of his occasional appearances on  Friends  as Monica s boyfriend, Selleck s career has been almost non-existent.Meghan tried to explain to the panel that liberals are treated horribly in Hollywood and that it s more socially acceptable to be a liberal in Hollywood than a conservative.  She said that she lived in Los Angeles and that she was never more harassed than when she was living there. Meghan told that cast that it s more popular to be an Obama and Hillary, and even Bernie supporter.Whoopi then embarrassed herself again, when she tried to convince the panel that Meghan s assertion that conservatives are blacklisted in Hollywood is ridiculous. Whoopi laughed and corrected McCain saying,  Except that all of the conservatives in Hollywood are working. They re the ones that are working.   She tried to recall some examples of conservatives working in Hollywood.  The first example she used was comedian Tim Allen, whose top-rated show,  Last Man Standing  was recently canceled by ABC for his political views. Whoopi then attempted to think of a second conservative actor and stumbled to finally land on Tom Selleck. Wow, 2 conservatives in Hollywood! Way to NOT prove your point Whoopi Watch: ",0
17807,WHY FORD’S DARK SECRET May Come Back To Haunt Them Over Owner’s Support of NFL Protests,"Founder of the Ford Motor Company, Henry Ford, made no secret of the fact that he disliked Jewish people. More precisely, he disliked  the Jew    an abstract impression of what Ford imagined to be a sinister people bent on controlling the world.Not only did he make no secret of his contempt, but he launched a weekly newspaper, The Dearborn Independent, in 1919 to promote his paranoid views. He pressed Ford retailers to sell subscriptions.In the end, historians say, Ford assisted some of the greatest evil and genocide in history by fueling the anti-Semitism of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis in the 1920s. According to press reports, Hitler had a portrait of Henry Ford on his office wall and a copy of The International Jew, published by Ford, on his desk.   Crains Business Detroit Should anyone be shocked by a Sheriff s decision to not want to support a car brand, after their decision to openly support a movement started to create hate and distrust for our law enforcement? The Bossier Parish (La.) Sheriff s Office is boycotting its local Ford dealership because of Ford Motor Company s support for protests of the National Anthem by National Football League (NFL) players at games, Sheriff Julian Whittington announced Wednesday.Sheriff Whittington sent a letter to Hixson Ford of Alexandria notifying the dealership that his office would no longer purchase Ford vehicles for  as long as Ford sides with those who have no regard for the men and women who protect and serve this great nation : Yes, the NFL players have a right to protest as they deem necessary, but we, the Bossier Sheriff s Office and the taxpayers of Bossier Parish have a right to spend our money elsewhere,  Whittington says in his letter posted on the office s Facebook page. It is my hope that this letter will cause you to encourage Ford Motor Co. to change their advertising choice and cease to support the NFL with advertising dollars until the NFL leadership demands its players show proper respect for our nation s colors.  After the letter to Hixson Automotive was received by Dallas L. Hixson, the Sheriff discussed the issue with Mr. Hixson, the Sheriff s office told CNSNews.com. Mr. Hixson informed Sheriff Whittington that he was not aware of Ford Motor Company s support for NFL players who wish to protest during the National Anthem or during the game.Hixson told Sheriff Whittington that such a stance concerns him as well, and he will be taking the Sheriff s letter with him to Detroit to present to Ford Motor Co. leadership in the near future.Sheriff Whittington says he is sending copies of the letter to each of the state s 63 other sheriffs, as well as both the national and Louisiana sheriffs  associations.National Sheriffs  Association (NSA) Executive Director Jonathan Thompson tells CNSNews.com that NSA has received the letter and that sheriffs have both the authority and obligation to authorize, or decline, purchases based on the best interests of law enforcement and their communities: Sheriffs have the obligation to decide which products they authorize for bids, procurements and purchases. They choose, based upon a variety of requirements and capabilities, but also whom they believe is best able to support the broad needs of law enforcement and the communities they protect  Since 2016, the Bossier Sheriff s Office has spent $747,132 and purchased 29 vehicles patronizing Hixon Autoplex. The Sheriff s Office provided the following breakdown to CNSNews.com:In 2016, BSO purchased 14 vehicles from Hixson Autoplex, costing $346,519.50. They included:One 2015 Ford F-150 Two 2015 Ford F-250 Six 2017 Ford Police Interceptor One 2017 Ford Explorer Three 2016 Ford Taurus One 2017 Ford Taurus In 2017, BSO purchased 15 vehicles from Hixson Autoplex, costing $400,612.50. They included:Fifteen 2017 Ford Police Interceptor Ford Motor Company issued a statement in late September supporting the right of the players to protest the National Anthem at NFL games, Bloomberg reports: Ford, for example, said the automaker would  respect individuals  rights to express their views, even if they are not ones we share. That s part of what makes America great.    CNS News",0
17808,REPUBLICANS WILL NEVER WATCH Arrogant JIMMY KIMMEL Again After What He Just Said About Them ,"Apparently, Kimmel s okay with throwing half of his audience away over his uncontrollable hate for Donald Trump and his supporters. The big question is, will parent company ABC be okay with Kimmel insulting, and driving 50% of his audience away?Late-night comedian Jimmy Kimmel said he would perform the same emotionally-charged monologues about healthcare and gun violence  again in a heartbeat,  despite a drastic reduction in Republican viewership of his show. Three years ago, I was equally liked by Republicans and Democrats,  Kimmel told CBS   Sunday Morning  of  Jimmy Kimmel Live!  which has aired on ABC since 2003.  And then Republican numbers went way down, like 30 percent, or whatever. And you know, as a talk show host, that s not ideal but I would do it again in a heartbeat. Kimmel earned high praise and sharp rebukes for his foray into the healthcare debate in September, an issue that became particularly important to the comic after his six-month-old son Billy was born with a rare congenital heart defect.He also garnered similar reactions when he choked up during a monologue imploring Congress to act on gun control in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre earlier in October.Critics like conservative commentator Ben Shapiro have slammed Kimmel for parading as a  moral arbiter. I m not. I mean, I agree with him. I m nobody s moral arbiter,  Kimmel told CBS.  You don t have to watch the show. You don t have to listen to what I say. A defiant Kimmel added that he doesn t say  I don t mind  because he preferred  everyone with a television to watch the show. But if they re so turned off by my opinion on healthcare and gun violence then, I don t know, I probably wouldn t want to have a conversation with them anyway,  he continued.  Not good riddance, but riddance.   Washington ExaminerKimmel has been known to mock Trump over comments he made to Billy Bush several years ago about a woman in the privacy of the bus they were traveling on together. Jimmy Kimmel never counted, however, on this video resurfacing where he asks random women to  feel  what s in his pants and then tell the TV audience what it is. Pretty funny, huh? Yeah, if you re a misogynist pig ",0
17809,CLINTON FAMILY REFUSES TO RETURN ‘Dirty’ Harvey Weinstein’s Money…You Won’t Believe Why,"After Bill  and Chelsea Clinton both dodged reporters asking if their foundation would return donations from Harvey Weinstein, an announcement came that is pretty amazing.The Clinton Foundation WILL NOT return as much as $250,000 in donations from Harvey Weinstein, saying on Sunday the money had already been spent on the organization s programs and used for charitable purposes.WHAT? THE MONEY HAD ALREADY BEEN SPENT???The foundation s decision comes as politicians and philanthropic groups grapple with whether to return donations they have received from Weinstein, after numerous women stepped forward this month to accuse the movie mogul of sexual assault, harassment and rape.HILLARY LIES AGAIN:The Clinton Foundation faced questions about Weinstein s funding after Hillary Clinton said last week she would re-gift his campaign donations to charity. Weinstein was a major bundler for Clinton, hosting fundraising events with deep-pocketed Hollywood donors.Hillary Clinton tells @FareedZakaria she'll donate Weinstein contribs to charity   as part of her usual 10% income donation to charities pic.twitter.com/I0o8M3iMCy  Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) October 11, 2017ALREADY SPENT???A spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation told DailyMail.com that the group will not return Weinstein s donations, which totaled between $100,000 and $250,000.WOULDN T YOU LOOOVE TO SEE THEIR BOOKS?The spokesman said the foundation already spent the money on its programs, such as lowering the cost of HIV medication and supporting women and girls in developing countries.The foundation said it supports commitments to combat human trafficking, and runs the No Ceilings Project  which aims to advance the full participation of girls and women around the world  through  data-driven analysis on gender inequality, an in-depth conversation series, innovative partnerships, and CGI commitments. The explanation comes after foundation board member Chelsea Clinton ducked questions about Weinstein s money from a DailyMail.com reporter while attending a Clinton Global Initiative University event at Northeastern University in Boston on Saturday.The former first daughter hustled out a side door after the event, evading a reporter as she rushed to her car surrounded by aides and security.The Clinton Foundation and a spokesperson for Hillary Clinton had previously declined to comment on the Weinstein matter.Organizations have been divided on whether to return money to Weinstein, who gave to numerous political and philanthropic causes over the years.Read more: Daily Mail",0
17810,BOOM! CONSUMER CONFIDENCE SOARS To Level Americans Haven’t Seen Since Another Republican Was President…MEDIA SILENT,"Prior to the 2016 election (Oct  16) consumer confidence measured by the University of Michigan was indexed at 87.2 Today that same confidence rating is 101.1 A stunning 15.9% increase. Similarly, consumer expectations were indexing 76.8 in October 2016 and now stand at 91.3, an increase of 18.9%.   Conservative TreehouseBusiness Insider   US consumers haven t been this optimistic about the economy since the start of 2004, according to a survey conducted by the University of Michigan.The consumer-sentiment index registered a preliminary October reading of 101.1, a monthly report showed Friday.The data suggest that consumer spending will likely continue to support the economy through at least mid-2018, at which time this economic expansion would become the second-longest since the 19th century. US economic growth in the second quarter rose to a two-year high on stronger consumer and business spending, a late-September report showed.The surge in optimism  reflects an unmistakable sense among consumers that economic prospects are now about as good as could be expected,  said Richard Curtin, the chief economist of the survey. This  as good as it gets  outlook is supported by a moderation in the expected pace of growth in both personal finances and the overall economy, accompanied by a growing sense that, even with this moderation, it would still mean the continuation of good economic times. ",0
17811,ILLEGAL ALIEN ACCUSED Of KIDNAPPING and MURDERING 18-Yr Old Girl Is Protected By Obama’s DACA Program,"He was such a nice boy He was just looking for a better life. Why don t we just give all of these young illegal aliens a chance to prove that they can be contributing members of society? Is anyone else getting tired of hearing how it s not fair that Americans don t want to give over 1 million people living illegally in America blanket citizenship? A man accused of killing a South Carolina high school student had been protected from deportation under the DACA program, U.S. officials confirmed to Fox News Thursday evening.Daniel De Jesus Rangel-Sherrer, 19, is accused of murder, kidnapping, and possession of a weapon during a violent crime in connection with the death of 18-year-old Diana Martinez-Gonzalez.Martinez-Gonzalez, a junior at Greenville High School, was found dead in a wooded area Oct. 4. Officials said she had been forced into the woods and shot multiple times in the head. Immediately upon contact, [Rangel-Sherrer] confessed to one of the deputies,  Greenville County Sheriff Will Lewis told reporters.Investigators said a friend of Martinez-Gonzalez was also held against her will by the suspect, but she managed to escape and contact authorities. It s not clear how Rangel-Sherrer and Martinez-Gonzalez knew each other.The day after Rangel-Sherrer s arrest, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) issued a detainer order for the suspect, who was in the U.S. illegally from Mexico. The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) later confirmed that Rangel-Sherrer was a DACA recipient.  Fox NewsWatch here to see Tucker Carlson s stunning interview with CIS s (Center for Immigration Study) Mark Krikorian, who explains what DACA really means, and how the FACTS about DACA affect every American taxpaying citizen:",0
17812,DNC CHAIR PEREZ Answers On Returning ‘Dirty’ Money From Weinstein [Video],"Democratic National Committee chair Tom Perez is in a tight spot. The DNC is broke and could use the money given to them by accused serial sexual assaulter  Harvey Weinstein.  Was Perez  non-answer on Friday a yes or a no? What would you bet the Democrats do? Will they return Weinstein s money like others have done or keep it?Weinstein is a longtime Democratic donor who has given $300,000 to the DNC. However, the DNC announced last week it was only donating $30,000 of that money. Furthermore, the groups getting the cash were openly pro-Democratic organizations Higher Heights, Emily s List, and Emerge America.After an event at the University of Wisconsin on Friday, Perez was asked by a tracker whether the DNC would return its contributions from Weinstein.IS THIS ALL THEY CAN SAY? You have a nice weekend, sir,  Perez said without looking.DNC VICE-CHAIR GETS TESTY TOO:DNC vice-chair Keith Ellison (D., Minn.) similarly dodged the question when asked about the subject on Wednesday. I don t have any comments for you right now. I don t know you, and I don t take questions like this,  Ellison said sharply.$4 MILLION IN DEBT!Under Perez, the DNC has struggled in fundraising and was more than $4 million in debt as of an August fundraising report.Weinstein s downfall in the aftermath of reports of his behavior has been swift. He has been fired from The Weinstein Company, and on Saturday the Oscar-winning producer was ousted from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.Dozens of women have accused Weinstein of harassment and abuse in the wake of bombshell reports from the New York Times and New Yorker.Weinstein has bundled or donated millions of dollars over the years for top Democrats, including Hillary Clinton, who have condemned his conduct and announced they are donating his contributions.Read more: WFB",0
17813,"CONSERVATIVE PRO-TRUMP Musician Who Performed In Vegas Moments Before Massacre Exposes More Hollywood Trash: ’I Wasn’t In a Girl Group, I Was in a Prostitution Ring’","Former Pussycat Dolls singer, Kaya Jones, has received numerous death threats from liberals over her support for President Trump. According to Jones, law enforcement authorities warned that numerous threats against her life over her scheduled appearance at the Free Speech Week event in Berkeley, CA, that she and singer Joy Villa were forced to cancel their part in the event.Only one week after the Free Speech event-goers were attacked by violent leftists and Antifa members, country music fans in Las Vegas found themselves being gunned down from a window on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort in Las Vegas. Kaya Jones, who is also a Las Vegas resident was one of the entertainers who appeared on the stage at the Rt. 91 country music festival. She posted this video of fans joining together to sing  God Bless America  only one hour before they were fired upon: God Bless America 1 hour before the shooting.Besties video @mmeyer50 wanted to share  @johnrich @bigandrich @BigKennyTV @seanhannity pic.twitter.com/IYrpWF7j1Z  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 3, 2017Yesterday, Kaya Jones took to Twitter to call out the sick people in the music industry who, much like Harvey Weinstein preyed on her group of young women.My truth.I wasn t in a girl group. I was in a prostitution ring.Oh & we happened to sing & be famous. While everyone who owned us made the $  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Twitter user Benghazi Stacy told Kaya that she needs to start calling out names of these predators:Kaya, it's way past time to start calling out the name of these predators. This is the time to bring their darkness into the light  #Benghazi Stacy (@Discoveringme40) October 13, 2017Jones replied:Yes. I m working on it. There s more then one name.  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Jones then went on to tell how bad the abuse really was. Jones claimed it was bad enough that she walked away from her dreams, her bandmates and $13 million record deal.:How bad was it?people ask-bad enough that I walked away from my dreams,bandmates&a 13 million dollar record deal.We knew we were going to#1  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Jones then called out the  den mother  who she suggests is responsible for the suicide death of her bandmember Simone Battle:I want the den mother from hell to confess why another 1 of her girl group girls committed suicide?Tell the public how you mentally broke us  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Simone Battle killed herself on September 5, 2014. She was loved and respected by many, including X-Factor s Simon Cowell, who got to know Simone after she was a finalist on his X-Factor show:Was the  den mother  who Jones was referring to Robin Antin, the creator of the Pussycat Dolls group?Watch Antin as she discusses  bringing in new faces  to the Pussycat Dolls group to Wendy Williams in 2009:Jones continued to rant about the abuse on Twitter, but refused to name names:To be apart of the team you must be a team player.Meaning sleep with whoever they say.If you dont they have nothing on you to leverage  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017She addressed how the vultures in the industry work to get the entertainers hooked on drugs.Yes I said leverage. Meaning after they turn you out or get you hooked on drugs they use it against you.Correct.Victimizing the victim again  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Kaya Jones explains why she never outed the people responsible for the horrific abuse:Why don t we report it? Because we are all abused! I personally have been warned if I tell I will   you know end up dead or no more career  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017Well  killing you or killing your soul what s the difference. You do it for them.A teenagers go to jail for less. Will Hollywood?  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017I told press in Hollywood about my abuse & they did nothing. I m still dealing with Vegas. Talk about back to back. Vegas&Hollywood man   KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017She reminded the person or people who are responsible for the abuse, that she kept a journal and it s not over yet.I wonder if any other victims kept a journal like I did? Oh yes I kept a journal   with timelines  .  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 13, 2017",0
17814,WATCH: FORMER CHILD ACTOR Tried To Call Out Powerful Hollywood Pedophiles on The View…Barbara Walters and Female Co-Host Shamed Him: “You’re damaging an entire industry!”,"Child actor Corey Feldman appeared on The View in 2013 to talk about his book that exposed some of the richest and most powerful people in the business [Hollywood], who are pedophiles that prey on young actors. Corey s brave admission of his experiences in Hollywood should have been treated as a public service announcement for parents who had child actors working in Hollywood, as he was giving them a  heads up  to take the extra steps to protect them. Instead, he was shamed Feldman appeared in a 2103 episode of The View where Barbara Walters and Star Jones went out of their way to discredit and shut him up. I m saying there are people that were the people that did this to both me and Corey [Haim] that are still working. They re still out there, and that are some of the richest most powerful people in this business. Walters tried to interupt, but Feldman continued,  And they do not want me saying what I am saying right now. Walters asked Feldman,  Are you saying they are pedophiles  and that they are still in this business?  Feldman replied,  Yes. Feldman went on to say,  They don t want me here right now. They want me dead! Star Jones quickly jumped in to try to shut Feldman up so he doesn t scare parents who want their kids in the industry.Feldman clarified, that he s just warning parents to  be careful what you wish for. Don t go into it with naivety.  Instead of considering Feldman s warning, that may be of interest to parents who have children in the industry, Walters interrupted him to admonish him,  You re damaging an entire industry! Feldman apologized,  I m sorry. After several years of being shamed by his peers and high-profile women in the industry like Barbara Walters, child actor Corey Feldman may finally find someone who will finally take him seriously, now that Harvey Weinstein has been exposed.Cernovich   The recent exposure of serial sexual predator and Hollywood Democrat kingpin Harvey Weinstein raises, even more, questions than it answers.In a now famous photo, Weinstein can be seen grabbing young actress Emma Watson in a compromising position.While the public controversy currently centers around Weinstein s sexual abuse of power over young women, the question remains   how young were Weinstein s victims?Former child actor Corey Feldman has publicly stated that  I was molested and passed around,  while discussing how in Hollywood adult males in the industry would pass young stars  back and forth to each other.  Feldman revealed that his co-star Corey Haim was raped at 11-years-old.Actor Elijah Wood confirmed Feldman s claims in May 2016, describing Hollywood as a den of  vipers  in an interview, and saying  If you can imagine it, it s probably happened. Wood said he was protected from abuse by his mother, who didn t let him go to Hollywood parties, but he said other young child actors were regularly  preyed upon  by those in power.Wood also compared Hollywood s sexual predators with known pedophile and English TV personality Jimmy Savile. You all grew up with Savile,  Wood said.  Jesus, it must have been devastating. Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood. It was all organized. X-Men director Bryan Singer is among those publicly accused of sexual abuse of young boys in Hollywood.",0
17815,LOL! GEORGE LOPEZ Booed Off Stage At Children’s Diabetes Charity After Audience Rejects His Anti-Trump Jokes,"George Lopez was hired to be the emcee for the Children s Diabetes Foundation s Carousel Ball. Lopez thought it would be a good idea to turn what should have been an event to help sick children into an opportunity to express his hate for President Trump and his supporters. Bad idea Here s the promotion for Lopez from the Children s Diabetes Foundation on Twitter:We are excited to announce that commedian & acotor @georgelopez will be the emcee for this year's #CarouselBall! https://t.co/cO9eHKviPO pic.twitter.com/aCpAI9F22a  CDF (@CDFdiabetes) September 21, 2017Comic George Lopez was booed off stage at a gala for juvenile diabetes in Denver last week, over an anti-Donald Trump routine that fell flat with the crowd.We re told the flap began when Trump backer and Liberty Media CEO Greg Maffei donated $250,000 but requested that Lopez cool it with the anti-Trump jokes at the Carousel Ball.An attendee at the event   where tables sold from $5,000 to $100,000 to benefit the Barbara Davis Center for Diabetes   commented on a YouTube video that  George was asked nicely to stop making Trump jokes by a man in front row [Maffei] who just donated $250K.  But  George doesn t, continues. Gets booed. We re told that Lopez responded to Maffei,  Thank you for changing my opinion on old white men, but it doesn t change the way I feel about orange men. Trying to recover and sensing the audience turn, Lopez said,  Listen, it s about the kids . . . I apologize for bringing politics to an event. This is America   it still is. So I apologize to your white privilege. We re told Lopez also told a joke about Trump s proposed border wall with Mexico, saying,  I guess you can get some Mexicans to do it cheaper and they wouldn t crush the tunnels  underneath. When the audience did not respond well, he quipped,  Are you El Chapo people?  in reference to the drug kingpin who has used tunnels to evade authorities.Lopez then announced a video segment   but he did not return to the stage, and a local newscaster took over the hosting duties.Host of HUGE charity #CarouselBall, @georgelopez , makes political comments about Trump, drops f-bomb and is escorted out.  J R (@DrumIntuition) October 14, 2017TV host Chris Parente posted on Twitter,  big controversy: host of HUGE charity #CarouselBall, @georgelopez, makes political comments about Trump, drops f-bomb and is escorted out.   Page SixChris Parente s tweet has since been deleted. ",0
17816,WATCH: GERALDO RIVERA’S Trip To Puerto Rico Opened His Eyes About “WICKED” and “NEGATIVE” Treatment Of Trump By LYING Media and Democrats,"Geraldo Rivera said his trip to Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria confirmed how badly biased the press is against President Trump. Having seen how he was treated in Puerto Rico and then seeing the press about how he was treated in Puerto Rico it was almost an absolute 100 percent disconnect,  the Fox News contributor told  Fox & Friends  on Saturday.Rivera visited Puerto Rico and interviewed the president and first lady as they surveyed storm relief efforts in the devastated country.He remembered crowds who were  ebullient  about the president s visit.The federal government s response to Hurricane Maria has been far better than it is given credit for, he continued. This president has the worst relationship not only with the press but with those on the other side of the aisle that I have seen since Richard Nixon,  Rivera said.This wasn t the first time Geraldo Rivera exposed the lies and mischaracterizations of Trump and his actions. Watch Geraldo tell Fox and Friends about Trump s actual handling of the Puerto Rican crisis versus the media s false narrative: He does not get the benefit of the doubt for anything. Anything he does is construed in the most wicked, negative way possible.   FOX News ",0
17817,COLLEGE QB Kneed Out Of Anger Over Trump’s Remarks About NFL Players Disrespecting Our Flag…Immediately Gets Bad News From Coach,"He was given the option to kneel in protest before the game, but it was more important for him to take a stand against our President for bravely taking a public stance in defense of our flag and for our veterans A liberal arts college in eastern Pennsylvania cut its backup quarterback after he knelt during the national anthem.Albright College in Reading cut Gyree Durante from its team after he took a knee during the Star-Spangled Banner, according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.According to the paper, the school promised consequences if players took actions different than those made in a special agreement.The team s  leadership council  decided that the squad would take a knee during the pregame coin toss, but stand for the national anthem. I knew the consequences. I knew that if I took a knee, that there would be a good chance that I would be kicked off. I didn t like the whole taking a knee during the coin toss, I just thought it defeated the whole purpose of kneeing for the anthem. I get the whole team unity thing, but at the end of the day, I also thought that we should be allowed to be individuals, and express ourselves. The week before, I was watching NFL football, and I happened to see some of the remarks by President Trump about, uh, regarding NFL players taking a knee during the anthem, and he said that they should be fired, they should be kicked off and things like that. I already knew that it was an issue with, all of the racial and social injustice and you know, police brutality among African Americans and things like that.  But when I heard the President say something about it, and, it was very negative, it just kinda struck a nerve with me and it made me think, if this is how the President feels,  then Idefinitelyy need to take a need and protest this.  (Go here for video)After Durante knelt, the Division III Lions went on to lose to Delaware Valley University, from nearby Doylestown, by 41-6.Durante s name was wiped from the team roster and a college spokesperson said in a statement obtained by ESPN that the Norristown, Pa. native was dismissed for his actions.   FOX News ",0
17818,"ACTRESS ACCUSES Weinstein Buddy, Actor GEORGE CLOONEY Of Helping To “Blacklist” Her After She Reported Sexual Harassment","The Hill   During a recent interview, Clooney describes conservative criticism of Democrats associated with film producer Harvey Weinstein as  a little pot and kettle,  noting the prior sexual harassment allegations levied against conservative figures like Roger Ailes and Bill O Reilly. Yeah, that s a little pot and kettle there, unfortunately. But I think that everything gets politicized these days. The reality is that this is a problem deeply ingrained in our society,  Clooney told The Daily Beast when asked about criticisms coming from conservatives in the days since a New York Times report that detailed accusations of sexual harassment against Weinstein. It was something that was talked about a lot on the left with Roger Ailes, Bill O Reilly, and Donald Trump, and it s something that s going to be talked about a lot on the right with Harvey Weinstein,  Clooney added. I think that rather than politicize it, there should be talk on both sides about the really bad behavior by powerful men and the horrible acts they commit. It s pretty crazy to me. Page Six   A former  ER  actress claims that she was sexually and racially harassed daily on set   and George Clooney helped  blacklist  her from Hollywood when she complained.B.S.Clooney helped blacklist me when I spoke up abt harassment on ER.'women who dont play the game lose career'I did https://t.co/ur466NCkII  Ghoul Please   (@vanessathought) October 10, 2017 Clooney helped blacklist me when I spoke up abt harassment on ER. women who don t play the game lose career I did,  tweeted Vanessa Marquez, who played a nurse on the show s first three seasons.#NewPicWhen ur racially&sexually harassed on set daily&go2your producer(John Wells)for help in '95?U r blacklisted from Hollywood 4Ever #ER pic.twitter.com/ptM06gWW7M  Ghoul Please   (@vanessathought) July 7, 2017She accused actor Eriq La Salle and a crew member of being  p sy grabbers  and said racial abuse about her Mexican heritage came from  Anthony, Noah, Julianna,  referring to cast members, Anthony Edwards, Noah Wyle, and Julianna Margulies.Marquez said she complained to executive producer John Wells. Wells was the boss&I 1st reported it to him.His 1st question: Did George do something to u,  she tweeted. ",0
17819,"LOL! HILLARY Commends Weinstein Accusers For Coming Forward, Says Sex Claims Against Bill Are “Clearly In The Past”…Claims Trump Has “Admitted To Being A Sexual Assaulter In The Oval Office”","Hillary Clinton today falsely called Donald Trump an  admitted sex assaulter  and compared him to disgraced alleged sex abuser Harvey Weinstein.The failed Democratic presidential candidate, who received thousands in campaign funding from Weinstein, told the BBC s Andrew Marr  we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office. She was referring to the Access Hollywood tape leaked during the campaign where Donald Trump was heard boasting about  grabbing women by the p****y  in 2005.Mrs. Clinton is in the UK to promote her hand-wringing book about losing the presidential election.She told Marr:  I was really shocked and appalled because I ve known him through politics as many Democrats have.Team player Hillary Clinton tries to deflect attention from the millions of dollars Harvey Weinstein raised for her recent failed presidential campaign by reminding reporters that he also donated to Obama and,  for people (she forgot to mention that he ONLY funded DEMOCRAT people) who have run for office in the United States. He s been a supporter   he s been a funder for all of us, for Obama, for me, for people who have run for office in the United States.  So it was just disgusting and the stories that have come out are heartbreaking. But I think that it s important that we not just focus on him and whatever consequences flow from these stories about his behavior but that we recognize this kind of behavior cannot be tolerated anywhere, whether it s in entertainment, politics. After all, we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office. There has to be a recognition that we must stand against this kind of action that is so sexist and misogynistic.  And asked about allegations of sexual misconduct leveled at her husband and former president, Bill Clinton, she said:  That has all been litigated. That was the subject of a huge investigation in the late 90s and there were conclusions drawn. That was clearly in the past. It is something that has to be taken seriously, for anyone not just in entertainment. The really sad part of the campaign was how this horrific tape, what he said about women in the past what he said about women during the campaign, was discounted by a lot of voters.   DMLOL! Hillary. You re the only one left standing who believes a single word that comes out of your lying mouth. ",0
17820,WATCH: “HANOI JANE” FONDA Had Chance To Expose Sexual Predator Harvey Weinstein One Year Ago…The Reason DIDN’T Is LAUGHABLE,"Speaking to Bill Maher about her participation in the Women s March in DC,  Hanoi Jane  Fonda remarked about her ability to use her celebrity to express her hate for Donald Trump to the masses. Fonda told Maher that one of the benefits of being a celebrity is that you can bring attention to things that need to be addressed, she then went on to refer to President Trump as the  Predator in Chief . Of course, Hanoi Jane had no evidence whatsoever to back up such a hideous claim, yet, she made the claim anyhow. As it turns out, Hanoi Jane actually knew about a certain sexual predator who actually assaulted a much younger actress only one year ago. That younger actress was Rosana Arquette, who shared her horrible experience with the  celebrity  Jane Fonda. Fonda, who bragged about having so much power to bring attention to important issues, did absolutely nothing about it.Hypocrite Hanoi Jane would rather stay mum about an actual sexual predator who was harming so many young women in her industry, than risk being ostracized in Hollywood. It was better to just stick to the  hate Trump  script and get along with the other sickening hypocrites in Hollywood than to expose a serial sexual predator who should ve been stopped years ago if there weren t so many self-serving and shallow human beings running around Hollywood. Watch:Hanoi Jane s very comfortable trashing President Trump who she believes can t hurt her career, but when it comes to the mega-Democrat donor, and Hollywood kingpin producer, Harvey Weinstein, all bets are off.. Daily Mail- Jane Fonda has admitted she found out last year that Harvey Weinstein had been sexually harassing Hollywood women and is ashamed she didn t speak up earlier.Watch: I only met Harvey when I was old,"" @Janefonda tells me. ""And Harvey goes for young, because that s more vulnerable.  pic.twitter.com/RbrjxCFU6w  Christiane Amanpour (@camanpour) October 12, 2017More than 30 women have now come forward with allegations of sexual harassment against the Hollywood producer who was once described as the  God  of the film industry.The accusations, including from some of the world s most famous actresses, range from inappropriate massages to rape and date back nearly three decades.While Fonda says she wasn t harassed by Weinstein, she was told of his abuse last year by one of his victims.I found out about Harvey a year ago and I m ashamed I didn t say anything back then,  she told CNN s Christiane Amanpour in an interview to air Friday.She was informed of Weinstein s transgressions by Rosanna Arquette   one of the many women who have since spoken out against the movie mogul. It came as a shock and a great disappointment,  Fonda said. I only met Harvey when I was old and Harvey goes for young because that s more vulnerable. She added that she was proud of the victims for speaking out but it wasn t a unique or isolated case and specifically mentioned Bill Cosby s history. This is not unique, this goes on at the most horrendous high levels,  she said. I m glad it s coming out, I m so proud of those fellow actors that are speaking up. I know that it has taken a long time. It is a very, very, very hard thing to do. You don t get anything out of it as the person who has been victimized but it is important that it come out.  For the list of women who have come forward claiming to be victims of Dirty Harvey, go here. ",0
17821,TRUMP BEGINS DISMANTLING Of OBAMACARE With Today’s Executive Order…Nancy Pelosi’s Response Is Hilarious!,"Today, President Trump came one step closer to dismantling Obamacare. He signed an executive order that would allow Americans to purchase insurance across state lines. The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!  https://t.co/mz5fdveTVh pic.twitter.com/dDZLsKuNSe  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 12, 2017Congressional Democrats said Thursday that President Trump s executive order to relax insurance rules is the latest evidence of Republican  sabotage  against Obamacare.The president signed the order that directs federal agencies to examine regulations that would make it easier for people to band together to get  association health plans  and buy more short-term insurance. Democrats quickly criticized the order as a back door to attack protections for people with pre-existing conditions and increase  junk  insurance plans. I do know it is a sabotage of the Affordable Care Act and quite frankly a disservice to the American people,  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a press conference Tuesday.She also said Trump knows  very little about healthcare legislation.   Washington ExaminerPerhaps a little trip down memory lane is in order for Nancy. Remember when Nancy Pelosi coined her most memorable line in the long list of memorable Nancy Pelosi lines?  Remember when Nancy attempted to explain the Obamacare legislation to a large audience, telling them,  But we have to pass the bill, so that you can, uh, find out what s in it. ?Even one of her most reliable media allies, David Gregory of NBC News, who was clearly on the same team as Nancy, questioned her sanity and most especially, her knowledge of what was in the Obamacare bill, following her curious remarks:We re pretty sure that most Americans are more confident in President Trump s knowledge of the benefits to Americans, once they are able to purchase insurance across state lines than they were in Nancy s ability to understand the 20,000 page Obamacare legislation.",0
17822,GEORGIA MOM FURIOUS Over Sexual ‘Identify’ Homework Given to Her 12-Year Old [Video],"Lithonia, Georgia mom Octavia Parks was left dumbfounded after discovering her 12 year old daughter s health class homework.The sixth grade student from Lithonia Middle School in Lithonia, Georgia was given an assignment last week asking students to name sexual identity terms   such as gay, lesbian and transgender   based on their definitions.The  Identity Definitions  assignment defined the terms as follows:A woman who is attracted to women [answer: lesbian] A man who is attracted to men [answer: gay] A person who is attracted to men and women [answer: bisexual] When the person s gender identity doesn t match the sex (male or female) the doctor said they were when they were born [answer: transgender]  We re talking about a sixth-grader who still watches Nickelodeon,  Parks told FOX 5 Atlanta WAGA-TV.  Why are they teaching that in school? What does that have to do with life? Parks told WAGA she opted her daughter out of the health class. I m not ready to explain what these words are nor what they mean,  continued Ms. Parks.READ MORE: FOX 5 ATLANTA",0
17823,"DISGUSTING VIDEO EMERGES of LIBERAL ACTOR, and Democrat Donor, Ben Affleck That Should Have Ended His Career","Liberal actor and close friend of Hillary Clinton, Ben Affleck, came out with a statement of disappointment over another one of his close friends, the disgraced sexual predator, and Hollywood kingpin producer, Harvey Weinstein.After Affleck released his statement of shock over the Weinstein allegations, he was quickly shot down by actress Rose McGowan who claimed he knew all about Harvey Weinstein s antics, despite his statement of fake outrage and disgust.  YOU LIE  she tweeted in response to Affleck s comments.You want to play let's play #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/uqd26Z78gc  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Her tweet was followed up by a video posted by Hillarie Burton, another Hollywood that showed the time that Ben Affleck grabbed her breasts during a live MTV show interview:https://t.co/wh2MpJVQzlGirls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017And now this An embarrassing video was recently released showing actor Ben Affleck with a TV host on his lap during an interview.  The interview starts with the female host sitting on the lap of and facing Affleck, as he appears to be pulling her into him. When the female host wrests her way forward for the interview, Affleck tells her,  They would like it better if you did the show topless.  After moaning, he then asks her,  You usually show a lot more cleavage than this. What s the story?  The host giggles nervously and replies,  It s Sunday morning.  Affleck replies to the female host,  It s Sunday morning. That never stopped you before  from getting the titties out! Who are you trying to fool?   Affleck then goes on to discuss the  firmness  of her breasts. And for his finale, Affleck openly mocks people with cerebral palsy, suggesting they are  retards. Watch:[VIDEO] Ben Affleck objectifies female reporter, comments on her breasts, then makes fun of ""retarded"" people with cerebral palsy. #cringe pic.twitter.com/5OiBtYkkVB  Austen Fletcher (@fleccas) October 12, 2017Harvey Weinstein was also a Hillary superfan, in fact, he helped to raise over $1.8 million for her presidential bid against Donald Trump. What is it that attracted both of these misogynist men who clearly use their positions to treat women like subjects? Is it Hillary s undying support for her husband Bill, who is also a serial sexual predator and accused rapist that attracted them to her?Misogynist pig Ben Affleck was so close to Hillary, that he actually was one of the people who was found to be emailing her on her secret private server.But of course, the mainstream media will never call out these Hollywood hypocrites who attempted to label President Trump a  misogynist  with absolutely no evidence.",0
17824,"BREAKING NEWS: N. AMERICAN FAMILY Held Hostage During Obama Presidency RESCUED In Pakistan: “This is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now” [VIDEO]","In 2017, Kelli O Brien, the aunt of Joshua Boyle spoke publicly about the kidnapping of her nephew and his wife Caitlan Boyle who expresses her disappointment over the lack of response from Prime Minister Trudeau. Interestingly enough, Trudeau was visiting President Trump when Trump announced that he would soon be announcing some very good news would be forthcoming regarding the captured family s status.TODAY, Boyle and Coleman s families got some very good news! More winning An American woman, her Canadian husband, and their three children have been freed from captivity by Pakistani security forces, nearly five years after being taken hostage by the Taliban in Afghanistan.The initial word came from a Pakistani Army statement and was confirmed by US officials.The couple, American Caitlan Coleman, 31, and her American husband, Joshua Boyle, 33, were kidnapped by the Taliban in 2012 while they were traveling as tourists in Afghanistan and were held in captivity since.Coleman was pregnant when she was kidnapped. The couple had two more children born in captivity.Here is a video showing Joshua Boyle and his wife Caitlin Coleman speaking to the camera while in captivity in January 2017: In a statement, the Pakistani Army said US intelligence agencies had been tracking the hostages and shared intelligence with Pakistan when the family was moved to the country. US officials confirmed there was intelligence about their location in recent days that was shared with the Pakistanis. The operation by Pakistani forces, based on actionable intelligence from US authorities was successful; all hostages were recovered safe and sound and are being repatriated to the country of their origin,  the statement said.  The success underscores the importance of timely intelligence sharing and Pakistan s continued commitment towards fighting this menace through cooperation between two forces against a common enemy. It is possible that the successful recovery of the family was what was being referenced Wednesday when President Donald Trump told a crowd in Pennsylvania that  something happened today where a country that totally disrespected us called with some very, very important news. Trump did not disclose what country or any details involved but said  one of my generals came in and they said, you know, I have to tell you, a year ago they would have never done that. This is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now. The world is starting to respect us again, believe me,  Trump said appearing to reference Pakistan and that country s role in bringing about the recovery of the four hostages. CNN",0
17825,LAURA INGRAHAM: GOP Senators In Private Meeting “Laughed out loud at the idea that Trump’s border wall would ever be built”,"During a private meeting of the most senior Republican senators, GOP leaders  laughed out loud at the idea that Trump s border wall would ever be built. The explosive revelation comes from Laura Ingraham s new book, Billionaire at the Barricades: The Populist Revolution from Reagan to Trump.Ingraham reports that her source  was there in the room  when it happened and that the sordid episode is  a reminder that the populist movement that delivered Trump into office must remain vigilant and keep the heat on the GOP Establishment. The bestselling author and new Fox News primetime host argues that Republicans will pay an enormous political price if the GOP Establishment succeeds in torpedoing President Trump s border wall. Mark these words: If a wall a physical wall is not erected along our southern border, the president and his party will pay a severe political price,  writes Ingraham. She added:  Like George Bush s promise to  Read [his] lips: no new taxes,  the promise of a border wall was a searing pledge to the American people. Billionaire at the Barricades also dismantles arguments against the cost of erecting the border wall.The notion that Congress can t find $25 billion the higher end estimated cost of building the wall in our nearly $4 trillion annual budget is absurd. Democrats have never met a spending or building project they didn t like. But now all of a sudden they re fiscal hawks? Get real. And the Establishment Republicans who cowered in the corner for eight years while Obama nearly doubled the national debt to $19 trillion dollars now expect us to believe they re courageous penny-pinchers? Spare us.For entire story  Breitbart ",0
17826,#DirtyHarvey Weinstein Tries To Flee In Strangers Car After Fight With Daughter Who Called 9-11…Calling Him “Suicidal”,"Members of the Los Angeles Police Department arrived at the home of Harvey Weinstein s oldest daughter on Wednesday morning for a welfare call.That visit was prompted by a call from Lily Weinstein, 22, to authorities stating that her father was suicidal according to TMZ.Weinstein and his daughter had been in a heated argument earlier that morning, which riled up the disgraced movie mogul so much that he began to flag down a random drive and demanded that the man take him away in his vehicle. You re making it worse,  Harvey allegedly screamed at his daughter, who was eventually able to get him back in the house.An LAPD source confirmed that officers responded to a call and stayed on the scene for 30 minutes after arriving around 10:30am, and that there were no arrests.Photos showed members of the force on the property early Wednesday.Weinstein, 65, was expected to be in Europe by this time, with the embattled movie mogul saying on Tuesday that he was flying off to rehab to treat his sex addiction.Weinstein had fled the house before police arrived on the scene, and by that time tensions appeared to have cooled on both sides.He was looking more polished and put together than he has in years during this very public breakdown, wearing a pair of crisp jeans, sneakers, a clean leather jacket and a slimming black top.Weinstein also trimmed up his unruly beard and got a fresh new haircut at some point just before his meltdown, which happened to be caught on tape.Harvey Weinstein's daughter made 911 call saying her father was suicidal! #TMZ pic.twitter.com/ztK4LVZozL  TMZ (@TMZ) October 11, 2017Overall, Weinstein appeared more put together than he does when he is arriving for work in New York City or walking the red carpet at the Oscars.His daughter Lily also reportedly told police soon after they arrived that despite her statement over the phone, her father was no longer a risk.Police said that they are still investigating the incident.Weinstein may now fly for Europe tonight to start treatment for his sex addiction, though that claim cannot be trusted in light of the statement he made on Tuesday which proved to be false.   Daily Mail ",0
17827,WOW! DNC WILL KEEP Dirty Harvey’s Money To Fund Future Democrat Campaigns,"The Democratic National Committee announced Friday that it is still holding onto most of the money it received from Hollywood mogul and alleged sexual harasser Harvey Weinstein.The DNC will donate just ten percent of the almost $300,000 received from Weinstein, money that will go to organizations close to the Democratic Party: EMILY s List, Emerge America, and Higher Heights, all of which predominately help Democratic candidates running for office. The DNC s response to the Harvey Weinstein matter is shockingly bad   even by Washington standards,  Alexandra Smith of the conservative opposition research firm America Rising said.  Donating  a mere 10 percent of the entire Weinstein contribution to another left-leaning political action committee is a complete embarrassment. The mission statement of EMILY s List is:  We elect pro-choice Democratic women to office.  Emerge America adds ethnic diversity to that same basic mission, proclaiming its intent  to increase the number of Democratic women leaders.  Higher Heights goal is to help black women get elected; the Center for Responsive Politics notes that it gives exclusively to Democrats.Some Democratic politicians are donating money received from Weinstein to nonprofits helping victims of sexual violence, while others have remained silent on the matter. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) announced he would donate his Weinstein money to  several charities supporting women  following a Washington Free Beacon report about Democrats  inaction. WFB ",0
17828,MEGYN KELLY IS DESTROYING NBC’s Morning Show Ratings,"The numbers are in, and  Megyn Kelly Today  is dragging down the  Today  show franchise, an insider explained to Page Six. Not only are ratings plummeting since Megyn Kelly joined the  Today  franchise, but the numbers show Kelly s lead-in has also affected Kathie Lee [Gifford] and Hoda Kotb s show, which follows straight afterwards,  a source said. They ve taken a huge hit with Megyn as their lead-in,  the insider added.Kelly s hour of  Today  is down 32 percent compared to a year ago. And  Kathie Lee & Hoda  is down 26 percent. Too many people are tuning out NBC. Hoda and Kathie Lee had been a bright spot in the mornings. People are alarmed,  the source said of the slide. Another source told us that  Today  talent is concerned.  NYP Page Six",0
17829,WOW! HOLLYWOOD ACTRESS BLASTS Ben Affleck…Posts Video Showing When He “Grabbed Hilarie Burton’s Breasts” During Taping of MTV Show,"Yesterday, actor Ben Affleck came out with a statement of shock over allegations that mega-Democrat donor and kingpin Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein raped and sexually assaulted multiple women in the industry. A disgusting audio tape was released yesterday by the New Yorker that was secretly done by then 19-yr. old Italian model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez that showed how Weinstein used his position of power to make women perform sexual favors or take part in his sexual fantasies, or pay the (obvious and unspoken) consequences.Affleck, who is close to Harvey Weinstein and has spent a considerable amount of time around him, made the following statement on social media yesterday:tabloids He was quickly shot down by actress Rose McGowan who claimed he knew all about Harvey Weinstein s antics, despite his statement of fake outrage and disgust.  YOU LIE  she tweeted in response to Affleck s comments.You want to play let's play #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/uqd26Z78gc  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Rose then went on to call all of the Hollywood  A-list  Golden Boys,  LIARS  and warned them,  We have just begun. But that wasn t the end of it for Affleck who seemed to be feigning shock over Weinstein s actions when according to at least a few young Hollywood actresses, he s got some explaining to do about his own actions.Hilarie Burton claims she was groped by Ben Affleck during his appearance on TRL in 2003.Daily Mail   The former host of the show made the allegations on Tuesday night, just hours after Affleck made a statement condemning Harvey Weinstein s alleged abusive actions in his sexual assault and harassment scandal.In it, he said he was  saddened and angry  over the  sickening  claims.Affleck s statement was quickly slammed by a number of people   including Weinstein accuser Rose McGowan who called Affleck a liar.When a fan tweeted that Affleck might as well have  kept quiet,  another Twitter user wrote:  He also grabbed Hilarie Burton s breasts on TRL once. Everyone forgot though. The One Tree Hill Star then surprised the Twitter thread by interjecting with:  I didn t forget. The incident reportedly happened when he appeared on the show in 2003. Burton was 21.A video clip from the show shows Affleck telling Burton a story mid-interview which appears to be about moves men use to pick up women.He leans his arm around the young host who is wearing a yellow bandeau dress. No groping is seen on camera but Burton noticeably jumps and looks shocked on the footage as Affleck smiles and returns to his seat.Here is how the exchange went down after a Twitter user suggested Affleck would have been better off keeping his mouth shut over the Weinstein allegations.Ben Affleck should ve just kept quiet. Clearly he wasn t thinking about his daughters when he left them to gallivant with their nanny.  I am I, Naima (@naimaism) October 10, 2017Shanice Brim, a female producer of the TLR show replied with a stunning admission that,  He also grabbed Hilarie Burton s breasts on TRL once. Everyone forgot though. He also grabbed Hilarie Burton's breasts on TRL once. Everyone forgot though.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 10, 2017Actress Hilarie Burton quickly replied,  I didn t forget. I didn't forget.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 10, 2017Shanice Brim told Burton how sorry she was that Affleck sexually assaulted her, saying,  It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done. I m so sorry that happened to you. It s infuriating that people never bring up all the gross, predatory things he s done.  Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) October 11, 2017Seriously, thank you for that. I was a kid.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017She then tweeted a clip from an interview she did taking fans behind the scenes at TRL. In it, she relives and laughs off the incident. He wraps his arm around me and comes over and tweaks my left boob,  she says. I m just like,  what are you doing Some girls like a good tweakage here and there   I like a high five. Further footage shows Affleck asking the host,  how old are you   19? . He would have been around 31 at the time of the recording.Watch:https://t.co/wh2MpJVQzlGirls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love.  Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017Here is the same video in a different format.",0
17830,NEW YORK TIMES BUSTED: Undercover Video Exposes Editor for Bias Against Trump [Video],"Project Veritas  latest installment in the American Pravda series takes aim at The New York Times, the supposed  paper of record.  In the first part of this series, Nicholas Dudich, Audience Strategy Editor for the Times  extensive video library speaks candidly about how his left political bias influences his editorial judgement and reveals an unusual connection to former FBI Director James Comey, and a strange association with domestic terror group Antifa.Since this video came out, the New York Times released a statement saying they ve launched an investigation:This should have been done when hiring this former antifa thug who also worked for Clinton.RT reported:In the video, Dudich calls himself the  gatekeeper  for all the New York Times videos posted online, saying that his  imprint is on every video we do. Any video that goes on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram   I have a hand in that,  Dudich said.When talking journalistic ethics, Dudich is captured sarcastically making air quotes while he said that he will  be objective  working for the Times before quickly admitting:  no I m not. That s why I m there. According to the New York Times ethical handbook, employees  must do nothing that might raise questions about their professional neutrality or that of The Times. As a journalist, I m not able to give any money to any political organization. I m not able to volunteer for any political organization. I m not able to work for any nonprofit or charity. Like, there s a lot of guidelines and ethics,  Dudich said.However, before joining the Times, Dudich worked social media on the 2012 presidential campaign of former President Barack Obama and the 2016 presidential campaign of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.When asked how he was able to be politically active and still work as a journalist, Dudich said that he had to leave his job at ABC to take a job where he  wasn t deemed a journalist anymore  in order to work for the Clinton campaign.Dudich said he made the sacrifice in order to work against Trump, who he said was a  threat. I saw the threat and I was like, I want to do something,  Dudich said.  Trump was a threat and still is a threat, right? Trump is a threat,  the interviewer interjects.  He s a threat. Oh, he s a threat to everything,  Dudich added.Read more President/co-founder of The Dream Corps and CNN contributor Van Jones   Rich Polk CNN s Van Jones calls Russia  nothing burger  video  edited, right-wing propaganda  At one point, Dudich explains his idea to make Trump resign or leave office by going after his businesses and his  dumb f**k of a son, Donald Jr., and Eric. Target that. Get people to boycott going to his hotels,  Dudich said.  If you can ruin the Trump brand and you put pressure on his business and you start investigating his business and you start shutting it down, or they re hacking or other things. He cares about his business more than he cares about being President. He would resign. Or he d lash out and do something incredibly illegal, which he would have to. ",0
17831,"BYE-BYE HARVEY! WEINSTEIN’S WIFE, Mother of His Young Kids Is LEAVING…Here’s What She’s Saying To The Victims","Harvey Weinstein s wife, Georgina Chapman, has announced that she is leaving the movie mogul after a string of woman claimed that he had sexually harassed or assaulted her. My heart breaks for all the women who have suffered tremendous pain because of these unforgivable actions. I have chosen to leave my husband,  she told People. Caring for my young children is my first priority and I ask the media for privacy at this time.  To my wonderful husband  #happyfathersday #weloveyou  A post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Jun 18, 2017 at 7:49pm PDTAt the same time as Chapman made the announcement, Weinstein made a departure of his own   to Europe, by private jet. There he will undergo therapy for sex addiction and behavioral issues, TMZ reported.Weinstein also hopes that he will still be able to serve the Weinstein Company, from which he was fired by the board on Sunday, in some capacity.His legal team are in talks with the company, and according to an insider, he  wants to come back with fresh, new ideas . Chapman, 41, met Weinstein, 65, in 2003 and they married four years later, going on to have two children, India Pearl, seven, and Dashiell Max Robert, four.She is also the co-founder of high-end women s fashion line Marchesa   and before the announcement of her split from Weinstein, sources said that she was struggling to save the brand from being tarnished by her husband s allegations. But leaving him might present other problems for the beleaguered British designer. Another day playing dress up on @projectrunwayallstars..,Channeling a little Ginger #sharonstone #casino #projectrunwayallstars #bighairA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Aug 25, 2017 at 4:59pm PDTA source told People that she is terrified that the line, which is loved by many of the women who have starred in her husband s films, will founder without his help. Glam squad .action! #projectrunwayallstars #bighair #glammakeup #marchesaA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Aug 24, 2017 at 5:18pm PDTThat s because he   as one of the heaviest hitters in Hollywood   has access to the A-list stars that can keep the brand in the public eye.Chapman posted this gorgeous picture of Nicole Kidman wearing her a dress from her fashion line: Wow the gorgeous @nicolekidman in the @hollywoodreporter!!! #marchesa #hollywoodreporterA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Jun 7, 2017 at 3:34pm PDTHollywood icon Bette Midler is seen wearing Marchesa here: Thank you thank you @bettemidler for looking absolutely divine in custom #marchesa at the opening night of @hellodollybway!! #bettemidler #hellodollyA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Apr 21, 2017 at 6:34pm PDTA TV fashion source said:  Harvey is the one with all the friends. It s going to be a tough time for her and Marchesa . Shades of pink  Thank you darling @sophiabush and @normancook for looking stunning in #marchesa at tonight's @sagawards!!! #sags #sophiabush #kaleycuocoA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Jan 29, 2017 at 7:58pm PSTA New York fashion publicist who did not want to be named told the Hollywood reporter:  No star is ever going to want to wear the brand again.  Another gorgeous shot of The Duchess in #marchesanotte  The look is available on @farfetch!!! #duchessofcambridgeA post shared by Georgina Chapman (@georginachapmanmarchesa) on Apr 4, 2017 at 3:02pm PDTWeinstein is good friends with Vogue editor Anna Wintour and the two have co-hosted fashion and Democratic political fundraising events.Chapman s departure will likely come as a shock to Weinstein, who had boasted last week that his wife was  standing by me 100 percent .He has also said she will be one of the people to  kick my a**  and help him become a better man.The couple was yesterday said to be holed up in a Los Angeles hotel together.The Weinstein controversy showed no signs of winding down on Tuesday, as several new actresses came forward to detail how Weinstein had assaulted them.Angelina Jolie said that in 1998, when she was just 23 and promoting her film  Playing By Heart , Weinstein made unwanted advances on her in a hotel room.   Daily Mail ",0
17832,BIRDS OF A FEATHER? HOW HARVEY WEINSTEIN Helped Bill Clinton Defend Himself In Monica Lewinsky Scandal,"Harvey Weinstein was among a host of Hollywood actors and producers that donated $10,000 to former President Bill Clinton s defense fund during his 1998 impeachment trials.The Washington Post published a story in 1998 reporting Harvey Weinstein as one of 62  donors giving the maximum $10,000.  Weinstein donated along with a number of other notable names, like Tom Hanks, Barbra Streisand, Michael Douglas, Ron Howard, Norman Lear and Steven Spielberg.WaPo also reported that Clinton s defense fund collected $2.2 million in its first six months, tapping into the  resentment against  the attorney that investigated Clinton as to whether he committed perjury or obstructed justice in a sexual assault lawsuit.   Daily CallerIn 2013, actress Jennifer Lawrence and serial sexual predator Harvey Weinstein gave former President Bill Clinton the GLAAD Advocate for Change award during the 24th Annual GLAAD Media Awards. Watch, as Weinstein gushes over Bill Clinton, calling him a  hero for our time. :",0
17833,BEN AFFLECK BUSTED! After Making Statement of Shock Over Harvey Weinstein Charges…Rape Accuser Calls Him Out…“YOU LIE!”…Claims Affleck KNEW,"Ben Affleck posted a statement expressing his sadness and anger over billionaire producer and Hollywood kingpin, Harvey Weinstein.  Actress Rose McGowan immediately went after Affleck on Twitter, claiming he knew all about Harvey Weinstein s antics, despite his statement of fake outrage and disgust.Affleck s Facebook statement about his  recent discovery  about Weinstein charges read: I am saddened and angry that a man who I worked with used his position of power to intimidate, sexually harass and manipulate many women over decades,  Affleck said in a statement about Weinstein Tuesday.  The additional allegations of assault that I read this morning made me sick. Rose McGowan wasted no time calling Ben Affleck out on Twitter, even going so far as to call him a liar:You want to play let's play #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/uqd26Z78gc  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Rose then went on to call all of the Hollywood  A-list  Golden Boys,  LIARS  and warned them,  We have just begun. It almost feels like this fierce little  Rose , who s using the hashtag #RoseArmy, might be getting ready to rip the mask off some of the sanctimonious and phony male celebrities who ve been mocking Trump over a ridiculous taped private conversation with another male  for almost a year now, while hiding the sins of serial sexual predators like Harvey Weinstein.All of you Hollywood  A-list  golden boys are LIARS. We have just begun. #ROSEARMY pic.twitter.com/r5yPL2A3bC  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017Rose called out Amazon founder Jeff Bezos for funding Weinstein s shows:Now it s time to look at who funds and airs his shows. What s up @jeffbezos  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017The new voice of the #WeinsteinResistance isn t kidding around:Dear most of Hollywood, this is happening. You cannot sweep this under the rug. Support vocally or you will forever have an * in history. pic.twitter.com/o8dBZ59WFf  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 10, 2017 ",0
17834,WHOA! WATCH Former Teen Hollywood Actor: “I Can Tell You The #1 Problem In Hollywood Was and IS and ALWAYS Will Be Pedophilia”,"Are we finally watching the end times for Hollywood celebrities, who have been worshipped like golden idols by Americans who believe them to be flawless and infallible human beings? Is the morally superior facade of Hollywood actors like Meryl Streep and Gwenyth Paltrow, who admonish and berate Americans that would dare to support President Trump, while sucking up to serial sexual abuser Harvey Weinstein? What about actress Ashley Judd who America watched while she wore her p*ssy hat, go off on an insane rant at the Women s March in DC, over Donald Trump s remarks about a woman, to another man, during a private conversation, while she hid the ACTUAL sexual assault that was allegedly committed against her by mega-Democrat donor Harvey Weinstein. Judd claims she was asked to meet Weinstein for a breakfast meeting at the Peninsula Beverly Hills Hotel some 20 years ago. She said the meeting turned into him inviting her up to his hotel room and claimed he asked to give her a massage and watch him shower. A disgusting audio of Weinstein begging an Italian model to watch him shower in his hotel room was just released today. You can find the story and the audio HERE.Gwenyth Paltrow claims that she was also sexually abused by Harvey Weinstein when she was 22 years old. So that was 23 years ago, why the silence until now? How many countless women could have been saved by Paltrow or Judd if they came out and pressed charges against Weinstein decades ago? Neither one of them has any trouble publicly bashing Trump. But, oh yeah, bashing Trump is a resume enhancer in Hollywood, while ignoring a Hollywood producer who s a sick pervert, is perfectly acceptable, as long as he s the one who signs your enormous paychecks.Gwyneth Paltrow claims that she was sexually harassed by Harvey Weinstein when she was just 22: https://t.co/ZtZlJFXZ6z pic.twitter.com/oqRm7WSO9q  E! Online UK (@EOnlineUK) October 10, 2017Is your skin crawling yet? Wait until you watch the video below and read about the horrific experiences these former child actors had with full-grown men in Hollywood.Cernovich  The recent exposure of serial sexual predator and Hollywood Democrat kingpin Harvey Weinstein raises, even more, questions than it answers.In a now famous photo, Weinstein can be seen grabbing young actress Emma Watson in a compromising position.While the public controversy currently centers around Weinstein s sexual abuse of power over young women, the question remains   how young were Weinstein s victims?Former child actor Corey Feldman has publicly stated that  I was molested and passed around,  while discussing how in Hollywood adult males in the industry would pass young stars  back and forth to each other.  Feldman revealed that his co-star Corey Haim was raped at 11-years-old.Actor Elijah Wood confirmed Feldman s claims in May 2016, describing Hollywood as a den of  vipers  in an interview, and saying  If you can imagine it, it s probably happened. Wood said he was protected from abuse by his mother, who didn t let him go to Hollywood parties, but he said other young child actors were regularly  preyed upon  by those in power.Wood also compared Hollywood s sexual predators with known pedophile and English TV personality Jimmy Savile. You all grew up with Savile,  Wood said.  Jesus, it must have been devastating. Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood. It was all organized. X-Men director Bryan Singer is among those publicly accused of sexual abuse of young boys in Hollywood.Was Weinstein one of the men Elijah Wood says is sexually  preying upon  young children in Hollywood? Is Weinstein one of the men Feldman says would pass young stars around?The questions must be asked when an apparent industry of pedophilia and sexual abuse has been in the open and yet kept secret for decades.Watch this disgusting interview with former child actor Corey Feldman regarding pedophilia in Hollywood: I can tell you the #1 problem in #Hollywood WAS and IS and ALWAYS will be pedophelia. @RedNationRising  #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ARb0W7QYnC  DONNA WARREN   (@DonnaWR8) October 9, 2017",0
17835,HILLARY FINALLY Makes Statement On Sexual Predator and Mega-Democrat Donor Harvey Weinstein…Gets DESTROYED By Bill Clinton Rape Accuser,"After several days of silence, Hillary Clinton finally made a statement on the disgraced billionaire Hollywood movie producer and mega-Democrat donor, Harvey Weinstein. Well, actually Hillary really didn t come out and make a statement, true to form, Hillary hid behind her former State Department communications director, Nick Merrill, as he posted a response on behalf of Hillary about the monster predator, and one of her top donors to her presidential campaign, the virulently anti-Trump, Harvey Weinstein.Perhaps the delay in the statement was due to the pressure from Americans for Democrats to return or donate campaign contributions from the disgraced scumbag Hollywood kingpin.From Deadline: Something in the neighborhood of $1.8 million was raised at Harvey Weinstein s star-packed fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in New York City Monday night, sources tell Deadline. The event for 50 or so Clinton supporters at Weinstein s Manhattan home drew some major Hollywood names, including Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick, Candice Bergen, Bethenny Frankel and designers Vera Wang and Tory Burch.Don t hold your breath waiting for Hillary to return the $1.8 million that Weinstein and his co-hosts Jennifer Lopez, Sarah Jessica Parker, Matthew Broderick and Leonardo DiCaprio raised for Crooked Hillary s presidential campaign.Here is the statement that Merrill released on behalf of the hiding Hillary:Statement from Secretary Clinton on Harvey Weinstein: pic.twitter.com/L1l2wl9l0I  Nick Merrill (@NickMerrill) October 10, 2017Funny, Hillary was not only silent about the rape Juanita Broaddrick claims her husband Bill committed, according to Broaddrick, Hillary went out of her way to silence her.I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73 .it never goes away.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) January 6, 2016Broaddrick tweeted about Hillary s silence on the sexual assault charges against Weinstein. Broaddrick suggested that perhaps Harvey Weinstein could now  spill about his pervert buddy, Bill Clinton. Hillary won't talk about Weinstein kinda makes you wonder what HW could spill about his pervert buddy, Bill Clinton pic.twitter.com/OZY8bUPIYS  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 10, 2017Broaddrick didn t just go after Hillary for her silence over serial sexual offender Bill Clinton, she DESTROYED Meryl Streep for supporting the  enabler of a rapist husband. Maybe now, Meryl, you can understand how wrong you were to support an enabler of a rapist husband. Wake up Hollywood! https://t.co/ZgRx7hIUN0  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 9, 2017",0
17836,BREAKING: DISGUSTING AUDIO IS RELEASED Of Harvey Weinstein BEGGING Model To Watch Him Take Shower: “Don’t Embarrass Me In The Hotel… I Come Here All The Time”,"The disgraced anti-Trump Hollywood producer, billionaire, and mega-Democrat donor Harvey Weinstein is going to have one hell of a time refuting this disgusting bombshell audio that was recorded by one of his victims, model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez.The audio starts with Harvey Weinstein pleading with model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez in the hallway of the hotel where Weinstein apparently has a room, to come and watch him take a shower.Gutierrez is in the hallway of the hotel where Weinstein has a room. Weinstein can be heard begging and coercing her to come into his room. Weinstein s comments are in red: What do we have to do here? Nothing, I m going to take a shower. You sit there and have a drink. Water.I don t drink.Then have a glass of water.Can I stay on the bar?No. You must come here now. No.Please?No, I don t want to.I m not doing anything with you. Now you re embarrassing me. I m sorry. I cannot.No, come in here.Well, yesterday was kind of aggressive for me. I need to know a person can t be touched.I know. I won t do a thing. Please, I swear, I won t. Just sit with me. Don t embarrass me in the hotel. I m here all the time.I know, but I don t want to.Please, sit there. Please! One minute. I ask you. Please. Go to the bathroom.Please, I don t want to do something I don t want to.Go to the bathroom. Hey, come here! Listen to me!I want to go downstairs.I m not going to do anything. You ll never see me again after this. Okay? That s it. If you embarrass me in this hotel I m not embarrassing you. It s just that, I don t. I don t feel comfortable. It s not nice.Honey, don t have a fight with me here in the hallway! Please, I m not gonna do anything. I swear on my children. Please come in. Please. On everything. I m the vainest guy!I m feeling very uncomfortable right now.Please come in now. And one minute. And if you wanna leave when the guy brings up my jacket, you can go.Why yesterday you touched my breasts?Oh, please! I m sorry. Just come on. I m used to that.You re used to that?Yes, come in.No, but I m not used to that.I won t do it again. Come on. Sit. Sit here for a minute, please. If you do this now. You will embarrass me. Never call me again. Okay? I promise you. I won t do anything. I will never do another thing to you again. The guys coming to bring my jacket. You can leave.I won t do it again. Please. Please! 5 minutes. Don t ruin your friendship with me for 5 minutes. I know, but it s kinda like it s too much for me.Please, you re making a big scene here.I know, but I wanna leave.Okay. Leave. Goodbye.Listen here:Weinstein, in conversation with Gutierrez, admits to groping her. Here s the audio: https://t.co/zSQbK5NV0c pic.twitter.com/vmrrSUp43w  The New Yorker (@NewYorker) October 10, 2017In March, 2015, Ambra Battilana Gutierrez told officers of the N.Y.P.D that Weinstein had sexually assaulted her: https://t.co/zSQbK5NV0c pic.twitter.com/LlYWPzatof  The New Yorker (@NewYorker) October 10, 2017Sorvino says that she felt afraid and intimated, and that Weinstein s conduct had significant impact on her work: https://t.co/zSQbK5NV0c pic.twitter.com/R84y78kEDG  The New Yorker (@NewYorker) October 10, 2017",0
17837,"MIKE DITKA SLAMS NFL Players: “No Oppression In Last 100 Years”…”If You Don’t Respect Our Country, Then You Shouldn’t Be In This Country Playing Football”","Wow! Former Bears coach Mike Ditka is coming under fire from the liberal media and Black Lives Matter activists for saying there has been  no oppression in the last 100 years .Former Chicago Bears star and coach Mike Ditka, an adamant critic of NFL players kneeling during the national anthem to protest racial discrimination, said Monday in a national radio interview that this country has been free of oppression for at least a century. All of a sudden, it s become a big deal now, about oppression,  Ditka told Jim Gray on Westwood One s pregame show ahead of the Bears   Monday Night Football  loss to the Vikings.  There has been no oppression in the last 100 years that I know of. Now maybe I m not watching it as carefully as other people. As a side note, the now unemployed and clearly  oppressed  49 ers QB, Colin Kaepernick who started kneeling to show his unity with the anti-cop, Black Lives Matter movement, listed his humble abode in San Jose, CA, 10 months ago, for a mere $2.9 million.According to Realtor.com, the gated four-bedroom, 5.5-bath estate features 4,500 square feet of living space on a 20,000-square-foot secluded lot with a long private driveway and expansive views of the valley.Ditka continued: Is that the stage for this? If you want to protest, or whatever you want to protest, you ve got a right to do that, but I think you re a professional athlete, you have an obligation to the game,  Ditka said.  I think you have to respect the game. That s what I think is the most important thing. I don t see a lot of respect for the game. I just see respect for their own individual opinions. Opinions are like noses, we all have one. Some are good. Some are bad. Ditka insisted he wasn t  condemning anybody or criticizing anybody  but urged players to  protest when the game s over, protest whatever other way you want to  and said he would bench players who insisted on demonstrating during the anthem because it s disrespectful. If you don t respect our country, then you shouldn t be in this country playing football,  he said.  Go to another country and play football. If you had to go somewhere else to try to play the sport, you wouldn t have a job. So that would be my take. If you can t respect the flag and the country, then you don t respect what this is all about. So I would say, adios. Gray cited athletes such as Muhammad Ali and Jesse Owens who have taken on social injustices, but Ditka was unmoved. I don t know what social injustices have been,  Ditka said.  Muhammad Ali rose to the top. Jesse Owens is one of the classiest individuals that ever lived. I mean, you can say,  Are you (saying) everything is based on color?  I don t see it that way. I think that you have to be color blind in this country. You ve got to look at a person for what he is and what he stands for and how he produces, not by the color of his skin. That has never had anything to do with anything. Ditka said there are opportunities for everyone in the United States, regardless of race, religion, creed, color, nationality  if you want to work, if you want to try, if you want to put effort into yourself. I think you can accomplish anything, and we have watched that throughout our history of our country. People rise to the top and they became very influential people in our country by doing the right things.   Trib LiveMost of America gets what Ditka is trying to say when he says there has been  no oppression for 100 years . He s clearly referring to the era of slavery. The idea, however, that Ditka would point out that slavery ended 100 years ago, and that we are, and have been, for decades, a nation of equal opportunity for all, was more than the left and the liberal media could bear. Here are just a few of their responses to Ditka s remarks:Mike Ditka said that, Black folks have not suffered, ""any oppression over last 100 years.  and Mike Ditka was alive during the Jim Crow era  LEFT  (@LeftSentThis) October 10, 2017Just heard Mike Ditka say on a radio interview that there hasn t been oppression in the US in 100 years. Did he play with a helmet on?  Ducis Rodgers (@duciswild) October 10, 2017There were also plenty of supporters for Mike Ditka who applauded his courage for speaking out on the players who disprspect our flag:Legendary NFL coach Mike Ditka going off on NFL anthem protests last night!   pic.twitter.com/JITKhw4y5k   Patriot 24/7  (@TrumpTrain45Pac) October 10, 2017I agree Mike Ditka!Pampered #NFL divas have NO knowledge of American history or awareness of how hard middle America works#TuesdayThoughts pic.twitter.com/549cVs91ff  CC (@ChristiChat) October 10, 2017",0
17838,TOP DESIGNER DONNA KARAN Defends Harvey Weinstein…Suggests Victims May Have Been “ASKING FOR IT’ By The Way They Dress,"Fashion designer Donna Karan is standing by Harvey Weinstein and has suggested his alleged victims may have been  asking for it  by the way the women act and dress.During a red carpet interview at the Cin Fashion Film Awards on Sunday, the DKNY creator was asked to weigh in on the scandal hours after the disgraced film mogul was fired from his company.Unlike many Hollywood stars and celebs, Karan did not condemn the 65-year-old, who has been accused of sexually harassing multiple women over the span of decades, and instead pointed the finger at his accusers.She told a reporter:  I think we have to look at ourselves. Obviously, the treatment of women all over the world is something that has always had to be identified. Certainly in the country of Haiti where I work, in Africa, in the developing world, it s been a hard time for women. To see it here in our own country is very difficult, but I also think how do we display ourselves? How do we present ourselves as women? What are we asking? Are we asking for it by presenting all the sensuality and all the sexuality? And what are we throwing out to our children today about how to dance and how to perform and what to wear? How much should they show? Karan s comments are striking as a legend in the fashion world and having designed women s clothing for decades. Her comments come as many of Weinstein s former friends, including Judi Dench and Meryl Streep, have denounced the producer based on the bombshell allegations.She added that she knows Weinstein s wife Georgina Chapman and described the couple as  wonderful people.  When asked whether Hollywood has been  busted , she replied with a smile:  I don t think it s only Harvey Weinstein.After Karan s report circulated online, Rose McGowan   one of Weinstein s alleged victims, and a vocal opponent of the producer online   called her  deplorable. In a tweet on Sunday, McGowan posted a screenshot of this DailyMail.com article with the message  Donna Karan you are a DEPLORABLE. Aiding and abetting is a moral crime. You are scum in a fancy dress. McGowan also tweeted this image of herself in her 20 s when Weinstein allegedly sexually assaulted her.Last year, she tweeted under the hashtag #WhyWomenDontReport with the message  Because my ex sold our movie to my rapist for distribution .According to The New York Times report that initiated Weinstein s downfall this week, McGowan sued the producer in the 1990s but settled out of court for $100,000.  Daily Mail ",0
17839,JAKE TAPPER Gets BLASTED On Twitter For Posting “Insensitive” Image of CA Wildfires Only 10 Minutes After Posting About Fire-Related Deaths,"What the heck was he thinking? At 7:44 pm EST, CNN anchor Jake Tapper tweeted about the horrible wildfires that are ravaging 3 huge counties in California. Tapper s tweet talked about the number of deaths so far that are related to the fires.  CNN: There are 10 total fire-related deaths in California at this hour: 7 in Sonoma County, 2 in Napa County, 1 in Mendocino County. CNN: There are 10 total fire-related deaths in California at this hour: 7 in Sonoma County, 2 in Napa County, 1 in Mendocino county.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 9, 2017The CA wildfires are very serious, as this video footage by ABC s Greg Lee confirms:At the end of our live shot, flames made their way all the way across the canyon, up this ridge. Moving to safety. @ABC7 #CanyonFire2 pic.twitter.com/hgIhoLa8VU  Greg Lee (@abc7greg) October 9, 2017Apparently, Tapper thought it would be a great idea to post this adorable little photo taken in Disneyland, only 10 minutes after he tweeted about the 10 deaths caused by the wildfires. Tapper tweeted,   Wildfires in Anaheim Hills turning the sky orange to match the pumpkins at Disneyland Wildfires in Anaheim Hills turning the sky orange to match the pumpkins at Disneyland https://t.co/rScMRkma63 pic.twitter.com/zr2jXy6jBT  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 9, 2017Sorry Jake, but there s nothing cute about that image when real people are suffering the loss of lives and their homes as we speak. The orange sky is not just a cute backdrop for carved pumpkins in Disneyland. Maybe this visual will put things in perspective for you:#CanyonFire2 has burned 2,000 acres, is 0% percent contained; more residents urged to get ready to evacuate https://t.co/RHeVjIGDYq pic.twitter.com/vvDGfRmhau  KTLA (@KTLA) October 9, 2017Twitter users, some of whom are California residents, immediately went after Tapper for his insensitive remarks:     Here s our reply to Tapper s tweet:Apparently, Tapper didn t care for our reply to his tweet, as he promptly blocked us: ",0
17840,HOLLYWOOD HYPOCRITES MATT DAMON and RUSSELL CROWE Reportedly Helped Kill NYT’s Story That Could Have Exposed Harvey Weinstein 13 Years Ago,"The hypocrisy of the Hollywood elites who would hide the truth about a sexual predator is beyond the pale If I had a bucket list, I d say raising my four girls to be strong, good women would be number one.  -Matt Damon, 2010 interviewReally Matt? What about the chance that you allegedly had in 2004 to save untold numbers of women from being victims of the disgusting Hollywood kingpin and billionaire Harvey Weinstein?Though the New York Times has been widely celebrated for its article exposing decades of sexual-harassment accusations against Harvey Weinstein, one journalist claims the paper sat on an earlier article detailing the producer s misconduct. Sharon Waxman, founder of the Wrap, writes that her own investigate reporting, which took her on an international trip to uncover rumors of Weinstein s sexual misconduct, was cut from the Times in 2004 under pressure from several Hollywood elites. Waxman alleges in the Wrap that Matt Damon and Russell Crowe called her  directly  to dispel the reports she was following about Miramax s Italian head Fabrizio Lombardo, who was allegedly hired  to take care of Weinstein s women needs.  She says that because of their influence, and interference from Weinstein, whose company was a big advertiser in the Times, the article was edited to remove the more salacious details. Damon and Crowe had previously worked with Weinstein on pictures like Good Will Hunting, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, and Cinderella Man.Waxman claims that the gutted story could have exposed Weinstein much earlier.  I had people on the record telling me Lombardo knew nothing about film, and others citing evenings he organized with Russian escorts,  Waxman said. She also alleges that she tracked down an intern in London who had been paid off in a settlement with Weinstein.  I was devastated after traveling to two countries and overcoming immense challenges to confirm at least part of the story that wound up running last week, more than a decade later,  she writes.  Vulture",0
17841,WATCH: THE VIEW’s LIBERAL HAGS Attack Meghan McCain For Defending Flag On Her First Day As New Co-Host,"Yesterday, Vice President Pence made the decision to leave the Indianapolis Colts game after players on the opposing team kneeled during our national anthem.I left today's Colts game because @POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem.  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017Today, Meghan McCain spent her first day as a co-host in the liberal lion s den, aka The View, defending the flag and attempting to explain why Americans are so offended when NFL players disrespect our flag by kneeling during the national anthem.Anyone who has watched The View since Donald Trump won the election knows, that the show is a safe space for angry liberal women to go, where they can justify their feelings of hate and frustration for President Trump, and anyone who holds an opinion that is counter to theirs.  The View has become a laughing stock of mainstream America and is nothing more than a therapy session for women with Trump Derangement Syndrome (women who can t get over Crooked Hillary s loss in 2016 presidential election).Before we sign off, we d like to address the outrage by liberals over the  cost  for VP Pence to attend the Colt s game in his home state of Indiana. This awesome tweet by Rock Princess pretty much sums up the idiocy of the left and how they re using the cost of Vice President Pence s trip to his home state to distract from the disgust Americans have for the 49 ers who continue to disrespect for our flag:The price tag for transportation for Obama to Los Angeles for the Gwyneth Paltrow fundraiser cost taxpayers $1,011,051.30   cry more, losers https://t.co/a3o7pIoD2K  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) October 9, 2017",0
17842,BRILLIANT! President Trump Offers Congress Hard-Line Deal On Immigration…Shines Spotlight On Democrats’ Agenda To Put Votes Before American Citizens,"AP  President Donald Trump has told congressional leaders that his hard-line immigration priorities must be enacted in exchange for extending protection from deportation to hundreds of thousands of young immigrants, many of whom were brought to the U.S. illegally as children.Trump s list of demands included overhauling the country s green-card system, a crackdown on unaccompanied minors entering the country, and building his promised wall along the southern border.Many were policies Democrats have said explicitly are off the table and threaten to derail ongoing negotiations over legislation protecting young immigrants known as  Dreamers.  They had been given a reprieve from deportation and the ability to work legally in the country under President Barack Obama s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program, which Trump ended last month.In a letter to House and Senate leaders released by the White House Sunday, Trump said the priorities were the product of a  a bottom-up review of all immigration policies  that he had ordered  to determine what legislative reforms are essential for America s economic and national security. These findings outline reforms that must be included as part of any legislation addressing the status of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients,  he wrote, adding that:  Without these reforms, illegal immigration and chain migration, which severely and unfairly burden American workers and taxpayers, will continue without end. Trump announced last month that he was ending the DACA program, but he gave Congress six months to come up with a legislative fix before recipients began to lose their status. Trump suggested at the time that he was eager for a deal, telling reporters,  I have a love for these people and hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly. He d also tweeted that if Congress was unwilling to find a fix, he would  revisit this issue!  in six months.  Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2017 ",0
17843,"WATCH: LAST WEEK Giants’ Odell Beckham Jr., “PEED” On The Field, Raised A “Black Power” Fist, and Kneeled For Our National Anthem…Today, He Left The Field Crying Like A Baby","Last week, after the New York Giants player Odell Beckham Jr., kneeled for our national anthem, he scored a pair of touchdowns in the team s 27-24 loss to the Eagles and celebrated the scores in very different ways Very disgusting ways.Odell Beckham is the perfect heel pic.twitter.com/6oLFAsnj2U  Dan Gartland (@Dan_Gartland) September 24, 2017Sports Illustrated reported: After an impressive toe-tap catch in the back of the end zone, Beckham Jr. drew a flag for pretending like he was peeing on the Lincoln Financial Field surface.Odell Beckham raises his fist after scoring for a second time today pic.twitter.com/dy2G3mgEul  Sports Illustrated (@SInow) September 24, 2017This week, the disrespectful NFL player had a much different experience on the field:The alarming Giants season is going full disaster.Odell Beckham Jr. was carted off the field in the closing minutes of Sunday s home loss, 27-22, to the Chargers, the team s fourth (and best) wide receiver to be hurt on the day.Beckham went down on a pass that fell incomplete with about 4 minutes left in the game, the Giants up 22-20 at the time, before they promptly blew the game. He rose for the catch then came down awkwardly, his ankle appearing to get caught under cornerback Casey Howard.He has a broken left ankle. ESPN reported he will seek a second opinion before deciding on the next course of action.  NYPHere s the video:Here's the Odell Beckham Jr. injury. It's bad. Really bad. pic.twitter.com/TLChjKpFOG  NFL Update (@MySportsUpdate) October 8, 2017-NYP",0
17844,"BREAKING NEWS: Hollywood Kingpin, and Top Hillary Donor, Harvey Weinstein Just Got Some VERY BAD NEWS From His Own Company","Last week, after the news about Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein being hit with multiple accusations of sexual harassment, Donald Trump Jr., asked if Hillary would disavow the embattled Hollywood producer who made significant contributions to her campaign for President against his father. Weinstein also held considerable influence over Hollywood dolts to support her.Will She/they all Disavow? Embattled Hollywood Producer Harvey Weinstein Raised Big Bucks For Hillary Clinton & Dems https://t.co/6PHQaAQFNm  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 6, 2017That s a great question Donald Jr. And what about Pocahontas, aka Senator Elizabeth Warren? Will she disavow and return campaign contributions from the guy who championed women in office, while simultaneously using his position to sexually harass them? How very Hollywood.Does anyone remember the outrage and the Hollywood celebrities including Ashley Judd, who is now one of his accusers who took to DC wearing p*ssy hats to show their disgust for a conversation between two men that was recorded about a certain female? How many of those same women were simultaneously begging Harvey Weinstein, who was apparently a well known sexual predator, for a job? Well, today Harvey got some very bad news Harvey Weinstein, the disgraced co-founder and CEO of The Weinstein Company, has been fired effective immediately, his board of directors said on Sunday.The statement said: In light of new information about misconduct by Harvey Weinstein that has emerged in the past few days, the directors of The Weinstein Company   Robert Weinstein, Lance Maerov, Richard Koenigsberg and Tarak Ben Ammar   have determined, and have informed Harvey Weinstein, that his employment with The Weinstein Company is terminated, effective immediately. The company has been under intense pressure since The New York Times broke an investigative story on Thursday detailing three decades of sexual misconduct, including propositioning actresses and harassing female employees. More ugly stories continued to dribble out over the weekend, including a vulgar report by a news anchor that Weinstein masturbated in front of her and other stories of inappropriate propositions.Internally Weinstein continued to fight for his survival, insiders have told TheWrap. His advisors   including his brother Bob   told him that he needed to take the allegations seriously and not merely pay lip service. They wanted him to leave for six months and get treatment for sex addiction or whatever his behavior may be called.Weinstein told TheWrap in an interview on Thursday that he was sincere in his apology and intention to make amends. But reports continued to leak out of the company internally that the CEO was determined to dictate the terms of his leave of absence and treatment.Harvey and Bob Weinstein co-founded the indie film company Miramax in 1979 and grew it into a powerhouse brand that made art-house films mainstream   and reshaped the Academy Awards race with aggressive marketing and buzz.The company was bought by Disney in 1993, where the brothers continued to run the company   and dominate the Oscar race   until they left in 2005 to launch the new privately held The Weinstein Company. The brothers have a 44 percent stake in the firm, according to the Times.For entire story: The Wrap",0
17845,"WATCH: INTOLERANT GAY COFFEE SHOP Owner Screams Profanities at Christian Pro-Life Group, Kicks Them Out Of Business: “I’m gay. You have to leave”","Remember the time when a gay couple destroyed the business of a Christian couple who owned a very successful bakery, after they refused to bake the gay couple a wedding cake? Remember the time when an elderly florist, who was friends with a gay couple, was sued by them for refusing to supply flowers for their wedding because it went against her religious beliefs? Remember the time when a venue that hosted weddings was sued because they refused to host a gay wedding? Remember the time when the Oregon baker was sued because he refused to go against his religious beliefs and bake a cake for a gay couple? Yeah, well, that was okay with the gay mafia, because, well, because you shouldn t deny service to someone just because they re gay that s just intolerant.Speaking of intolerant A gay coffee shop owner in Seattle kicked a Christian pro-life group out of his coffee shop because he felt offended by their presence, according to video footage of the incident.The Washington Times reports that the group, called Abolish Human Abortion, decided to order drinks at Seattle s Bedlam Coffee after passing out pro-life pamphlets in the area when the owner angrily asked the group to leave.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Angry homosexual kicks Christian customers out of coffee shop. WARNING! This video includes extremely graphic, hate-filled, blasphemous language.Watch and Share before Facebook takes it down! And let us know what YOU think.Posted by Abolish Human Abortion on Sunday, October 1, 2017 I m gay. You have to leave,  owner Ben Borgman said in the Facebook video. Are you denying us service?  activist Caytie Davis asked. I am. Yeah,  Borgman replied.The group had been handing out pamphlets about the Bible, sin, and abortion to Seattle residents and one of the baristas let Borgman know what he was doing, according to the Blaze.Borgman did not take the news well and further confronted the group. This is offensive to me. I own the place. I have the right to be offended,  he said.The group tried to explain to him that they did not leave any pamphlets in the cafe, but Borgman continued to berate the group. There s nothing you can say. This is you and I don t want these people in this place,  he said.Borgman then asked activist Jonathan Sutherland whether he would  tolerate  a sex act between two men. Can you tolerate my presence? Really?  the owner asked.  If I go get my boyfriend and f**k him in the a** right here you re going to tolerate that? Are you going to tolerate it? That would be your choice,  Sutherland replied. Answer my f***ing question!  Borgman yelled back.  No, you re going to sit right here and f***ing watch it! Leave, all of you! Tell all your f**king friends don t come here! Via-Breitbart ",0
17846,BREAKING NEWS: NFL Reporter Says Colin Kaepernick Will STAND For National Anthem If NFL Team Will Give Him A Job,"NFL reporter Jason LaCanfora updated football fans about former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick who found himself without a job after he began kneeling during the playing of our national anthem before the games. Kaepernick kneeled to try to bring attention to the plight of Black Lives Matter, a group who s placed a target on the backs of law enforcement, claiming they unfairly single out and target blacks.  LaCanfora spoke on NFL Today host  J.B.  or James Brown about where Colin Kaepernick is today, and why he has remained silent during his quest to find a job in the NFL.LaCanfora told J.B. that Kaepernick is  not planning on kneeling. He s going to donate all of his sales from his jersey s and he s  planning on standing for the anthems if given the opportunity to play again, J.B.. After sitting down with Colin Kaepernick for several hours, @JasonLaCanfora says the QB is still actively trying to play in the NFL. pic.twitter.com/R9qTIZ7EQl  NFLonCBS (@NFLonCBS) October 8, 2017When the news broke that Kaepernick was planning to stand for the anthem if he got a job working in the NFL again (where he could make millions of dollars), all hell broke loose on social media.LaCanfora quickly attempted to retract what he clearly said during the interview.Either CBS has removed LaCanfora s story because it was deemed to be FAKE NEWS, or they just don t want to cross the left by publishing a story that would completely discredit the Black Lives Matter movement, that has NFL players kneeling on the field and disrespecting our flag, when Colin Kaepernick, the guy who started the whole movement, is saying he s willing to give it up if he can just be paid millions to play football again.Here are screenshots from Google showing the link to the CBS story that s been removed from their website:Here s how the link to the story looks when you click on it. The link tells the reader,  The page cannot be found , which 9 out of 10 times, means the story has been removed: ",0
17847,BREAKING…VP PENCE and Wife Karen Abruptly Leave Colts Game…DESTROYS Unpatriotic NFL On Twitter,"Mike Pence tweeted about how he was looking forward to attending a Colts game with his wife Karen today. His excitement was quickly extinguished, however, by the unpatriotic behavior of the Indianapolis Colts, who ve put their social justice causes before honoring our flag and our great nation.Looking forward to cheering for our @Colts & honoring the great career of #18 Peyton Manning at @LucasOilStadium today. Go Colts! pic.twitter.com/C3aCYUNpqG  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017Vice President Mike Pence and his wife Karen left Sunday s Indianapolis Colts game against the San Francisco 49 ers after several players on the 49 ers team reportedly took a knee during the national anthem.Immediately following the national anthem, Pence tweeted:  I left today s Colts game because @POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem. I left today's Colts game because @POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem.  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017Pence later tweeted,  At a time when so many Americans are inspiring our nation with their courage, resolve and resilience, now more than ever, we should rally around our Flag and everything that unites us. now, more than ever, we should rally around our Flag and everything that unites us  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017Vice President Pence was quick to defend the players right to free-speech but suggested that he doesn t think it s too much to ask NFL players to respect the Flag and our National Anthem.While everyone is entitled to their own opinions, I don't think it's too much to ask NFL players to respect the Flag and our National Anthem  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017Finally, Vice President Pence tweeted a picture of he and his wife Karen standing proudly for our national anthem from the stands of the Colts Lucas Oil Arena:We were proud to stand   with all our @Colts   for our soldiers, our flag, and our National Anthem   pic.twitter.com/mkZiKMkPDD  Vice President Pence (@VP) October 8, 2017It looks like VP Pence and President Trump are not alone in their opinions about the NFL players who continue to disrespect our flag. Public opinion about the NFL and its players has taken a huge hit since President Trump tweeted about his disgust for the lack of respect the players have shown for our flag. NFL ratings continue to be in the basement.Sporting News   The alarming fall in NFL TV ratings this season is partly because of fan anger over on-field protests by Colin Kaepernick and other players of the American flag/national anthem, according to pollster Rasmussen Reports.Nearly one-third (32 percent) of adults say they re less likely to watch NFL game telecasts because of the Kaepernick-led player protests against racial injustice, according to Rasmussen s telephone/online survey of 1,000 American adults conducted Oct. 2-3.Only 13 percent said they were more likely to watch an NFL game because of continuing protests by Kaepernick and supporters such as Antonio Cromartie of the Colts (who was cut only two days after raising a fist during the playing of  The Star-Spangled Banner  in London on Sunday). ",0
17848,MAYORAL CANDIDATE In DIE-HARD DEMOCRAT City May Prove That 2016 Trump Win Was Just The Beginning of The End For Democrats,"If John Persinger wins the mayoral race in Erie, Pa., next month, it just might be the greatest local political upset in America this century. A Republican candidate has not been elected mayor here since 1961, when JFK was president.Tall, witty, energetic and razor-sharp, Persinger is not the guy you d expect to settle in a town like Erie. He is the kind of person who leaves, moves on to blazing success elsewhere and never returns.Persinger s grandfather, John DeMarco, was the son of Italian immigrants who was supposed to take over the family grocery store but instead went to medical school and ended up delivering more than 12,000 Erie babies.Before he was born, Persinger s parents moved to the suburbs outside New York City, but young John spent his summers with his grandparents in this port city in northwestern Pennsylvania. He got his undergrad degree at Harvard, where he was captain of the swim team; he also competed in the 2000 US Olympic team trials.From there he served as an aide in the George W. Bush White House and then chief of staff at the US Embassy in Australia, where he met his wife, a journalist fluent in Arabic. He left government for Notre Dame Law School, but when the couple started to have children, they decided Erie held the most promise for their young family.In many ways, they are correct. The city is affordable, the housing is charming. It is both a college town (there are three: Mercyhurst, Gannon and Penn State Behrend) and a tourist town (miles and miles of beaches along the lake). It boasts some of the top medical facilities in the country, and it is also a company town (Erie Insurance is one of the top employers).But it is also a struggling city, where schools are hurting financially, the opioid epidemic is rampant and the manufacturing base is collapsing   all factors that led Erie County residents to vote for a Republican president in 2016, the first since Ronald Reagan.The city of Erie, however, is a different story   Hillary Clinton won all 69 of its voting districts over Donald Trump.So can 35-year-old Persinger convince his townspeople to turn red? It s not impossible. And while he is nothing like the president in terms of temperament and style, the two politicians do share a key quality   tapping into voters  willingness for change. The fourth-largest city in the state, Erie has a population just under 100,000 and a 5.6 percent unemployment rate.As Persinger walked the shop floor of Fralo Industries, a sheet-metal fabricating plant, he talked to each worker, asking what they were making. One young man said he was building a new invention for college dorms that puts laundry in a shoot and allows students to track its progress until it s ready for pickup in a pod. Another worker was steering a high-tech laser.Persinger gives each worker his full attention, nodding and taking notes. He seems unbothered by the fact he s a Republican in a city with a nearly 3-1 Democratic registration advantage. Here, people are born blue.It doesn t seem to ruffle him that his rival, Democrat Joe Schember, is one of the nicest guys in the world and has been active in the community for over 40 years. Plus, they re neighbors (they even live on the same street). Everyone asks me about my odds. I am confident if I run a good, honest campaign, I can win,  Persinger said.  I didn t take time away from my family and waste the time of voters . . . not to win. Persinger is forward-thinking and energetic; he drives around in a mobile campaign office (a 22-year-old converted RV) with his name and photo shrink-wrapped around the entire vehicle. He visits neighborhoods, churches, community centers, mosques, synagogues and knocks on doors where no Democratic or Republican mayoral candidate has been for decades, especially in the African-American and Hispanic communities.And he listens. It is a trait that has not gone unnoticed in the black communities who for years have had their votes taken for granted by the Democrats and ignored by the Republicans.Just ask Steve McLallen, who got a visit from Persinger earlier this year.  Hey, I just want to let you know I appreciate your willingness to come and listen to our concerns,  McLallen told Persinger as he shook hands with the GOP candidate.  You have made an impression and impact on me, not just by traveling to our neighborhoods or where we work, but actually asking us what we need. A longtime Democrat, McLallen said he is voting for Persinger.Jim Baer, meanwhile, is looking for new blood in the mayor s office. A welder at Fralo, he s a Democrat who did not vote for Clinton or Trump but is tired of the same old politics.  Look, we tried the old ways; we have had nothing but Democrats running this city and managing the decline. It is time to place someone young with different ideas and the willingness to listen in charge,  he said.While neither candidate has invested in polling, both keep detailed data on their campaigns  voter outreach and they know this race is close. For entire story: NYP ",0
17849,ANTI-AMERICAN GEORGE SOROS Locks Arms With NFL Against Trump,"We just discovered another reason NOT to support the NFL The man who is the most anti-American person we know is now connected to The National Football League Players Association (NFLPA)  The NFLPA has recently financially supported a veritable  who s who  list of far-left organizations, from Planned Parenthood to organizations protesting the deportation of illegal immigrants, among many others. One such recipient is none other than the Open Society Foundation, chaired by billionaire George Soros.2ndVote has found the NFLPA provides financial support to Soros  Center for Community Change Action, the social justice arm of the organization, which, according to the Washington Free Beacon,  has been involved in direct action against President Donald Trump and Republicans before and after the November elections. The NFLPA has been donating to several far-left and anti-trump causes dating back to at least 2013.Soros has a long history of funding some of the most radical and far-left causes in the United States.He is known to have supported the Occupy Wall Street protests of 2012, the National Resource Defense Council, an Anti-Trump environmental organization, pro-abortion movements including Planned Parenthood, as well as numerous anti-Trump  resistance  causes.Soros has also funded at least 56 of the  Key Partners  from the Women s March on Washington, which occurred the day after Trump s inauguration.Despite being touted by the media as  a huge, spontaneous groundswell  and a  grassroots, independent uprising  of women, it turns out to be just another well funded and organized operation by the Soros empire.A RECENT REPORT ON SOROS FUNDING OF LEFTIST CAUSES:WOW! AMERICA IS UNDER ATTACK By These 187 Organizations Directly Funded By George SorosSome of the names on this list will shock you Abortion groups, open borders, immigrant groups, groups to change the way we vote, universal health care, climate change,  Catholics , Socialists and Communists. Soros actually has a group whose stated goal is to take money from rich Jews and give it to those with less. Considering a video just surfaced yesterday showing George Soros (a Jew) admitting that he helped confiscate property from Jews during WWII, the idea that Soros is funding such a group is not really so stunning.They re all here. 187 groups being used to destroy America, thanks to funding by billionaire George Soros. Here are the groups who are using Trump s election as an excuse to take down America:There have been many articles written about George Soros and his collectivist activism. Soros is a business magnate, investor, philanthropist, and author who is of Jewish-Hungarian ancestry and holds dual citizenship. He is chairman of Soros Fund Management. Discover the Networks has published a comprehensive list of organizations funded by Soros and his Open Society Institute.Some of these groups have actively opposed Donald Trump for president and may be part of the recent levels of violence and chaos seen at his rallies. Many of the groups favor: open borders, amnesty, giving illegals voting rights, Muslim migration and social justice.Organizations that, in recent years, have received direct funding and assistance from George Soros and his Open Society Institute (OSI) include the following. (Comprehensive profiles of each are available in the  Groups  section of DiscoverTheNetworks.org):Advancement Project: This organization works to organize  communities of color  into politically cohesive units while disseminating its leftist worldviews and values as broadly as possible by way of a sophisticated communications department.Air America Radio: Now defunct, this was a self-identified  liberal  radio network.All of Us or None: This organization seeks to change voting laws   which vary from state to state   so as to allow ex-inmates, parolees, and even current inmates to cast their ballots in political elections.Alliance for Justice: Best known for its activism vis a vis the appointment of federal judges, this group consistently depicts Republican judicial nominees as  extremists. America Coming Together: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to coordinate and organize pro-Democrat voter-mobilization programs.America Votes: Soros also played a major role in creating this group, whose get-out-the-vote campaigns targeted likely Democratic voters.America s Voice: This open-borders group seeks to promote  comprehensive  immigration reform that includes a robust agenda in favor of amnesty for illegal aliens.American Bar Association Commission on Immigration Policy: This organization  opposes laws that require employers and persons providing education, health care, or other social services to verify citizenship or immigration status. American Bridge 21st Century: This Super PAC conducts opposition research designed to help Democratic political candidates defeat their Republican foes.American Civil Liberties Union: This group opposes virtually all post-9/11 national security measures enacted by the U.S. government. It supports open borders, has rushed to the defense of suspected terrorists and their abettors, and appointed former New Left terrorist Bernardine Dohrn to its Advisory Board.American Constitution Society for Law and Policy: This Washington, DC-based think tank seeks to move American jurisprudence to the left by recruiting, indoctrinating, and mobilizing young law students, helping them acquire positions of power. It also provides leftist Democrats with a bully pulpit from which to denounce their political adversaries.American Family Voices: This group creates and coordinates media campaigns charging Republicans with wrongdoing.American Federation of Teachers: After longtime AFT President Albert Shanker died in in 1997, he was succeeded by Sandra Feldman, who slowly  re-branded  the union, allying it with some of the most powerful left-wing elements of the New Labor Movement. When Feldman died in 2004, Edward McElroy took her place, followed by Randi Weingarten in 2008. All of them kept the union on the leftward course it had adopted in its post-Shanker period.American Friends Service Committee: This group views the United States as the principal cause of human suffering around the world. As such, it favors America s unilateral disarmament, the dissolution of American borders, amnesty for illegal aliens, the abolition of the death penalty, and the repeal of the Patriot Act.American Immigration Council: This non-profit organization is a prominent member of the open-borders lobby. It advocates expanded rights and amnesty for illegal aliens residing in the U.S. American Immigration Law Foundation: This group supports amnesty for illegal aliens, on whose behalf it litigates against the U.S. government.American Independent News Network: This organization promotes  impact journalism  that advocates progressive change. American Institute for Social Justice: AISJ s goal is to produce skilled community organizers who can  transform poor communities  by agitating for increased government spending on city services, drug interdiction, crime prevention, housing, public-sector jobs, access to healthcare, and public schools.American Library Association: This group has been an outspoken critic of the Bush administration s War on Terror   most particularly, Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, which it calls  a present danger to the constitutional rights and privacy rights of library users. The American Prospect, Inc.: This corporation trains and mentors young leftwing journalists, and organizes strategy meetings for leftist leaders. Amnesty International: This organization directs a grossly disproportionate share of its criticism for human rights violations at the United States and Israel.Applied Research Center: Viewing the United States as a nation where  structural racism  is deeply  embedded in the fabric of society,  ARC seeks to  build a fair and equal society  by demanding  concrete change from our most powerful institutions. Arab American Institute Foundation: The Arab American Institute denounces the purportedly widespread civil liberties violations directed against Arab Americans in the post-9/11 period, and characterizes Israel as a brutal oppressor of the Palestinian people.Aspen Institute: This organization promotes radical environmentalism and views America as a nation plagued by deep-seated  structural racism. Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now: This group conducts voter mobilization drives on behalf of leftist Democrats. These initiatives have been notoriously marred by fraud and corruption.Ballot Initiative Strategy Center: This organization seeks to advance  a national progressive strategy  by means of ballot measures state-level legislative proposals that pass successfully through a petition ( initiative ) process and are then voted upon by the public.Bill of Rights Defense Committee: This group provides a detailed blueprint for activists interested in getting their local towns, cities, and even college campuses to publicly declare their opposition to the Patriot Act, and to designate themselves  Civil Liberties Safe Zones.  The organization also came to the defense of self-described radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who was convicted in 2005 of providing material support for terrorism.Black Alliance for Just Immigration: This organization seeks to create a unified movement for  social and economic justice  centered on black racial identity.Blueprint North Carolina: This group seeks to  influence state policy in North Carolina so that residents of the state benefit from more progressive policies such as better access to health care, higher wages, more affordable housing, a safer, cleaner environment, and access to reproductive health services. Brennan Center for Justice: This think tank/legal activist group generates scholarly studies, mounts media campaigns, files amicus briefs, gives pro bono support to activists, and litigates test cases in pursuit of radical  change. Brookings Institution: This organization has been involved with a variety of internationalist and state-sponsored programs, including one that aspires to facilitate the establishment of a U.N.-dominated world government. Brookings Fellows have also called for additional global collaboration on trade and banking; the expansion of the Kyoto Protocol; and nationalized health insurance for children. Nine Brookings economists signed a petition opposing President Bush s tax cuts in 2003.Campaign for America s Future: This group supports tax hikes, socialized medicine, and a dramatic expansion of social welfare programs.Campaign for Better Health Care: This organization favors a single-payer, government-run, universal health care system. Campaign for Youth Justice: This organization contends that  transferring juveniles to the adult criminal-justice system leads to higher rates of recidivism, puts incarcerated and detained youth at unnecessary risk, has little deterrence value, and does not increase public safety. Campus Progress: A project of the Soros-bankrolled Center for American Progress, this group seeks to  strengthen progressive voices on college and university campuses, counter the growing influence of right-wing groups on campus, and empower new generations of progressive leaders. Casa de Maryland: This organization aggressively lobbies legislators to vote in favor of policies that promote expanded rights, including amnesty, for illegal aliens currently residing in the United States.Catalist: This is a for-profit political consultancy that seeks  to help progressive organizations realize measurable increases in civic participation and electoral success by building and operating a robust national voter database of every voting-age American. Catholics for Choice: This nominally Catholic organization supports women s right to abortion-on-demand.Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good: This political nonprofit group is dedicated to generating support from the Catholic community for leftwing candidates, causes, and legislation.Center for American Progress: This leftist think tank is headed by former Clinton chief of staff John Podesta, works closely with Hillary Clinton, and employs numerous former Clinton administration staffers. It is committed to  developing a long-term vision of a progressive America  and  providing a forum to generate new progressive ideas and policy proposals. Center for Community Change: This group recruits and trains activists to spearhead leftist  political issue campaigns.  Promoting increased funding for social welfare programs by bringing  attention to major national issues related to poverty,  the Center bases its training programs on the techniques taught by the famed radical organizer Saul Alinsky.Center for Constitutional Rights: This pro-Castro organization is a core member of the open borders lobby, has opposed virtually all post-9/11 anti-terrorism measures by the U.S. government, and alleges that American injustice provokes acts of international terrorism.Center for Economic and Policy Research: This group opposed welfare reform, supports  living wage  laws, rejects tax cuts, and consistently lauds the professed achievements of socialist regimes, most notably Venezuela.Center for Reproductive Rights: CRR s mission is to guarantee safe, affordable contraception and abortion-on-demand for all women, including adolescents. The organization has filed state and federal lawsuits demanding access to taxpayer-funded abortions (through Medicaid) for low-income women.Center for Responsible Lending: This organization was a major player in the subprime mortgage crisis. According to Phil Kerpen (vice president for policy at Americans for Prosperity), CRL  sh[ook] down and harass[ed] banks into making bad loans to unqualified borrowers.  Moreover, CRL negotiated a contract enabling it to operate as a conduit of high-risk loans to Fannie Mae.Center on Budget and Policy Priorities: Reasoning from the premise that tax cuts generally help only the wealthy, this organization advocates greater tax expenditures on social welfare programs for low earners.Center on Wisconsin Strategy (COWS): Aiming to redistribute wealth by way of higher taxes imposed on those whose incomes are above average, COWS contends that  it is important that state government be able to harness fair contribution from all parts of society   including corporations and the wealthy. Change America Now: Formed in December 2006, Change America Now describes itself as  an independent political organization created to educate citizens on the failed policies of the Republican Congress and to contrast that record of failure with the promise offered by a Democratic agenda. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington: This group litigates and brings ethics charges against  government officials who sacrifice the common good to special interests  and  betray the public trust.  Almost all of its targets are Republicans.Coalition for an International Criminal Court: This group seeks to subordinate American criminal-justice procedures to those of an international court.Common Cause: This organization aims to bring about campaign-finance reform, pursue media reform resembling the Fairness Doctrine, and cut military budgets in favor of increased social-welfare and environmental spending.Constitution Project: This organization seeks to challenge the legality of military commissions; end the detainment of  enemy combatants ; condemn government surveillance of terrorists; and limit the President s executive privileges.Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund: Defenders of Wildlife opposes oil exploration in Alaska s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It condemns logging, ranching, mining, and even the use of recreational motorized vehicles as activities that are destructive to the environment.Democracy Alliance: This self-described  liberal organization  aims to raise $200 million to develop a funding clearinghouse for leftist groups. Soros is a major donor to this group.Democracy 21: This group is a staunch supporter of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, also known as the McCain-Feingold Act.Democracy Now!: Democracy Now! was created in 1996 by WBAI radio news director Amy Goodman and four partners to provide  perspectives rarely heard in the U.S. corporate-sponsored media,  i.e., the views of radical and foreign journalists, left and labor activists, and ideological foes of capitalism.Democratic Justice Fund: DJF opposes the Patriot Act and most efforts to restrict or regulate immigration into the United States   particularly from countries designated by the State Department as  terrorist nations. Democratic Party: Soros  funding activities are devoted largely to helping the Democratic Party solidify its power base. In a November 2003 interview, Soros stated that defeating President Bush in 2004  is the central focus of my life     a matter of life and death.  He pledged to raise $75 million to defeat Bush, and personally donated nearly a third of that amount to anti-Bush organizations.  America under Bush,  he said,  is a danger to the world, and I m willing to put my money where my mouth is. Demos: This organization lobbies federal and state policymakers to  addres[s] the economic insecurity and inequality that characterize American society today ; promotes  ideas for reducing gaps in wealth, income and political influence ; and favors tax hikes for the wealthy.Drum Major Institute: This group describes itself as  a non-partisan, non-profit think tank generating the ideas that fuel the progressive movement,  with the ultimate aim of persuading  policymakers and opinion-leaders  to take steps that advance its vision of  social and economic justice. Earthjustice: This group seeks to place severe restrictions on how U.S. land and waterways may be used. It opposes most mining and logging initiatives, commercial fishing businesses, and the use of motorized vehicles in undeveloped areas.Economic Policy Institute: This organization believes that  government must play an active role in protecting the economically vulnerable, ensuring equal opportunity, and improving the well-being of all Americans. Electronic Privacy Information Center: This organization has been a harsh critic of the USA PATRIOT Act and has joined the American Civil Liberties Union in litigating two cases calling for the FBI  to publicly release or account for thousands of pages of information about the government s use of PATRIOT Act powers. Ella Baker Center for Human Rights: Co-founded by the revolutionary communist Van Jones, this anti-poverty organization claims that  decades of disinvestment in our cities    compounded by  excessive, racist policing and over-incarceration    have  led to despair and homelessness. EMILY s List: This political network raises money for Democratic female political candidates who support unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Energy Action Coalition: Founded in 2004, this group describes itself as  a coalition of 50 youth-led environmental and social justice groups working together to build the youth clean energy and climate movement.  For EAC, this means  dismantling oppression  according to its principles of environmental justice.Equal Justice USA: This group claims that America s criminal-justice system is plagued by  significant race and class biases,  and thus seeks to promote major reforms. Fair Immigration Reform Movement: This is the open-borders arm of the Center for Community Change.Faithful America: This organization promotes the redistribution of wealth, an end to enhanced interrogation procedures vis a vis prisoners-of-war, the enactment of policies to combat global warming, and the creation of a government-run heath care system.Feminist Majority: Characterizing the United States as an inherently sexist nation, this group focuses on  advancing the legal, social and political equality of women with men, countering the backlash to women s advancement, and recruiting and training young feminists to encourage future leadership for the feminist movement in the United States. Four Freedoms Fund: This organization was designed to serve as a conduit through which large foundations could fund state-based open-borders organizations more flexibly and quickly.Free Exchange on Campus: This organization was created solely to oppose the efforts of one individual, David Horowitz, and his campaign to have universities adopt an  Academic Bill of Rights,  as well as to denounce Horowitz s 2006 book The Professors. Member organizations of FEC include Campus Progress (a project of the Center for American Progress); the American Association of University Professors; the American Civil Liberties Union; People For the American Way; the United States Student Association; the Center for Campus Free Speech; the American Library Association; Free Press; and the National Association of State Public Interest Research Groups.Free Press: This  media reform  organization has worked closely with many notable leftists and such organizations as Media Matters for America, Air America Radio, Global Exchange, Code Pink, Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, the Revolutionary Communist Party, Mother Jones magazine, and Pacifica Radio. Funding Exchange: Dedicated to the concept of philanthropy as a vehicle for social change, this organization pairs leftist donors and foundations with like minded groups and activists who are dedicated to bringing about their own version of  progressive  change and social justice. Many of these grantees assume that American society is rife with racism, discrimination, exploitation, and inequity and needs to be overhauled via sustained education, activism, and social agitation.Gamaliel Foundation: Modeling its tactics on those of the radical Sixties activist Saul Alinsky, this group takes a strong stand against current homeland security measures and immigration restrictions.Gisha: Center for the Legal Protection of Freedom of Movement: This anti-Israel organization seeks to help Palestinians  exercise their right to freedom of movement. Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect: This group contends that when a state proves either unable or unwilling to protect civilians from mass atrocities occurring within its borders, it is the responsibility of the international community to intervene   peacefully if possible, but with military force if necessary.Global Exchange: Established in 1988 by pro-Castro radical Medea Benjamin, this group consistently condemns America s foreign policy, business practices, and domestic life. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Global Exchange advised Americans to examine  the root causes of resentment against the United States in the Arab world   from our dependence on Middle Eastern oil to our biased policy towards Israel. Grantmakers Without Borders: GWB tends to be very supportive of leftist environmental, anti-war, and civil rights groups. It is also generally hostile to capitalism, which it deems one of the chief  political, economic, and social systems  that give rise to a host of  social ills. Green For All: This group was created by Van Jones to lobby for federal climate, energy, and economic policy initiatives. Health Care for America Now: This group supports a  single payer  model where the federal government would be in charge of financing and administering the entire U.S. healthcare system. Human Rights Campaign: The largest  lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender  lobbying group in the United States, HRC supports political candidates and legislation that will advance the LGBT agenda. Historically, HRC has most vigorously championed HIV/AIDS-related legislation,  hate crime  laws, the abrogation of the military s  Don t Ask, Don t Tell  policy, and the legalization of gay marriage.Human Rights First: This group supports open borders and the rights of illegal aliens; charges that the Patriot Act severely erodes Americans  civil liberties; has filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of terror suspect Jose Padilla; and deplores the Guantanamo Bay detention facilities.Human Rights Watch: This group directs a disproportionate share of its criticism at the United States and Israel. It opposes the death penalty in all cases, and supports open borders and amnesty for illegal aliens. I lam: This anti-Israel NGO seeks  to develop and empower the Arab media and to give voice to Palestinian issues. Immigrant Defense Project: To advance the cause of illegal immigrants, the IDP provides immigration law backup support and counseling to New York defense attorneys and others who represent or assist immigrants in criminal justice and immigration systems, as well as to immigrants themselves.Immigrant Legal Resource Center: This group claims to have helped gain amnesty for some three million illegal aliens in the U.S., and in the 1980s was part of the sanctuary movement which sought to grant asylum to refugees from the failed Communist states of Central America.Immigrant Workers Citizenship Project: This open-borders organization advocates mass immigration to the U.S. Immigration Advocates Network: This alliance of immigrant-rights groups seeks to  increase access to justice for low-income immigrants and strengthen the capacity of organizations serving them. Immigration Policy Center: IPC is an advocate of open borders and contends that the massive influx of illegal immigrants into America is due to U.S. government policy, since  the broken immigration system [ ] spurs unauthorized immigration in the first place. Independent Media Center: This Internet-based, news and events bulletin board represents an invariably leftist, anti-capitalist perspective and serves as a mouthpiece for anti-globalization/anti-America themes.Independent Media Institute: IMI administers the SPIN Project (Strategic Press Information Network), which provides leftist organizations with  accessible and affordable strategic communications consulting, training, coaching, networking opportunities and concrete tools  to help them  achieve their social justice goals. Institute for America s Future: IAF supports socialized medicine, increased government funding for education, and the creation of an infrastructure  to ensure that the voice of the progressive majority is heard. Institute for New Economic Thinking: Seeking to create a new worldwide  economic paradigm,  this organization is staffed by numerous individuals who favor government intervention in national economies, and who view capitalism as a flawed system.Institute for Policy Studies: This think tank has long supported Communist and anti-American causes around the world. Viewing capitalism as a breeding ground for  unrestrained greed,  IPS seeks to provide a corrective to  unrestrained markets and individualism.  Professing an unquestioning faith in the righteousness of the United Nations, it aims to bring American foreign policy under UN control.Institute for Public Accuracy: This anti-American, anti-capitalist, anti-Israel organization sponsored actor Sean Penn s celebrated visit to Baghdad in 2002. It also sponsored visits to Iraq by Democratic Congressmen Nick Rahall and former Democrat Senator James AbourezkInstitute for Women s Policy Research: This group views the U.S. as a nation rife with discrimination against women, and publishes research to draw attention to this alleged state of affairs. It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, stating that  access to abortion is essential to the economic well-being of women and girls. International Crisis Group: One of this organization s leading figures is its Mideast Director, Robert Malley, who was President Bill Clinton s Special Assistant for Arab-Israeli Affairs. His analysis of the Mideast conflict is markedly pro-Palestinian.J Street: This anti-Israel group warns that Israel s choice to take military action to stop Hamas  terrorist attacks  will prove counter-productive and only deepen the cycle of violence in the region Jewish Funds for Justice: This organization views government intervention and taxpayer funding as crucial components of enlightened social policy. It seeks to redistribute wealth from Jewish donors to low-income communities  to combat the root causes of domestic economic and social injustice.  By JFJ s reckoning, chief among those root causes are the inherently negative by-products of capitalism   most notably racism and  gross economic inequality. Joint Victory Campaign 2004: Founded by George Soros and Harold Ickes, this group was a major fundraising entity for Democrats during the 2004 election cycle. It collected contributions (including large amounts from Soros personally) and disbursed them to two other groups, America Coming Together and the Media Fund, which also worked on behalf of Democrats.Justice at Stake: This coalition calls for judges to be appointed by nonpartisan, independent commissions in a process known as  merit selection,  rather than elected by the voting public.Latino Justice PRLDF: This organization supports bilingual education, the racial gerrymandering of voting districts, and expanded rights for illegal aliens.Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law: This group views America as an unremittingly racist nation; uses the courts to mandate race-based affirmative action preferences in business and academia; has filed briefs against the Department of Homeland Security s efforts to limit the wholesale granting of green cards and to identify potential terrorists; condemns the Patriot Act; and calls on Americans to  recognize the contribution  of illegal aliens.League of United Latin American Citizens: This group views America as a nation plagued by  an alarming increase in xenophobia and anti-Hispanic sentiment ; favors racial preferences; supports the legalization of illegal Hispanic aliens; opposes military surveillance of U.S. borders; opposes making English America s official language; favors open borders; and rejects anti-terrorism legislation like the Patriot Act.League of Women Voters Education Fund: The League supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; supports  motor-voter  registration, which allows anyone with a driver s license to become a voter, regardless of citizenship status; and supports tax hikes and socialized medicine.League of Young Voters: This organization seeks to  empowe[r] young people nationwide  to  participate in the democratic process and create progressive political change on the local, state and national level[s]. Lynne Stewart Defense Committee: IRS records indicate that Soros s Open Society Institute made a September 2002 grant of $20,000 to this organization. Stewart was the criminal-defense attorney who was later convicted for abetting her client, the  blind sheikh  Omar Abdel Rahman, in terrorist activities connected with his Islamic Group.Machsom Watch: This organization describes itself as  a movement of Israeli women, peace activists from all sectors of Israeli society, who oppose the Israeli occupation and the denial of Palestinians  rights to move freely in their land. MADRE: This international women s organization deems America the world s foremost violator of human rights. As such, it seeks to  communicat[e] the real-life impact of U.S. policies on women and families confronting violence, poverty and repression around the world,  and to  demand alternatives to destructive U.S. policies.  It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Malcolm X Grassroots Movement: This group views the U.S. as a nation replete with racism and discrimination against blacks; seeks to establish an independent black nation in the southeastern United States; and demands reparations for slavery.Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition: This group calls for the expansion of civil rights and liberties for illegal aliens; laments that illegal aliens in America are commonly subjected to  worker exploitation ; supports tuition-assistance programs for illegal aliens attending college; and characterizes the Patriot Act as a  very troubling  assault on civil liberties.Media Fund: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to conceptualize, produce, and place political ads on television, radio, print, and the Internet.Media Matters for America: This organization is a  web-based, not-for-profit   progressive research and information center  seeking to  systematically monitor a cross-section of print, broadcast, cable, radio, and Internet media outlets for conservative misinformation.  The group works closely with the Soros-backed Center for American Progress, and is heavily funded by Democracy Alliance, of which Soros is a major financier.Mercy Corps: Vis a vis the Arab-Israeli conflict, Mercy Corps places all blame for Palestinian poverty and suffering directly on Israel.Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund: This group advocates open borders, free college tuition for illegal aliens, lowered educational standards to accommodate Hispanics, and voting rights for criminals. In MALDEF s view, supporters of making English the official language of the United States are  motivated by racism and anti-immigrant sentiments,  while advocates of sanctions against employers reliant on illegal labor seek to discriminate against  brown-skinned people. Meyer, Suozzi, English and Klein, PC: This influential defender of Big Labor is headed by Democrat operative Harold Ickes. Midwest Academy: This entity trains radical activists in the tactics of direct action, targeting, confrontation, and intimidation.Migration Policy Institute: This group seeks to create  a North America with gradually disappearing border controls   with permanent migration remaining at moderate levels.  Military Families Speak Out: This group ascribes the U.S. invasion of Iraq to American imperialism and lust for oil.Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment: This group is the re-branded Missouri branch of the now-defunct, pro-socialist, community organization ACORN.MoveOn.org: This Web-based organization supports Democratic political candidates through fundraising, advertising, and get-out-the-vote drives.Ms. Foundation for Women: This group laments what it views as the widespread and enduring flaws of American society: racism, sexism, homophobia, and the violation of civil rights and liberties. It focuses its philanthropy on groups that promote affirmative action for women, unfettered access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, amnesty for illegal aliens, and big government generally.NARAL Pro-Choice America: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, and works to elect pro-abortion Democrats.NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund: The NAACP supports racial preferences in employment and education, as well as the racial gerrymandering of voting districts. Underpinning its support for race preferences is the fervent belief that white racism in the United States remains an intractable, largely undiminished, phenomenon.The Nation Institute: This nonprofit entity sponsors leftist conferences, fellowships, awards for radical activists, and journalism internships.National Abortion Federation: This group opposes any restrictions on abortion at either the state or federal levels, and champions the introduction of unrestricted abortion into developing regions of the world.National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty: This group was established in 1976 as the first  fully staffed national organization exclusively devoted to abolishing capital punishment. National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy: This group depicts the United States as a nation in need of dramatic structural change financed by philanthropic organizations. It overwhelmingly promotes grant-makers and grantees with leftist agendas, while criticizing their conservative counterparts.National Committee for Voting Integrity: This group opposes  the implementation of proof of citizenship and photo identification requirements for eligible electors in American elections as the means of assuring election integrity. National Council for Research on Women: This group supports big government, high taxes, military spending cuts, increased social welfare spending, and the unrestricted right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.National Council of La Raza: This group lobbies for racial preferences, bilingual education, stricter hate-crime laws, mass immigration, and amnesty for illegal aliens.National Council of Women s Organizations: This group views the United States as a nation rife with injustice against girls and women. It advocates high levels of spending for social welfare programs, and supports race and gender preferences for minorities and women in business and academia.National Immigration Forum: Opposing the enforcement of present immigration laws, this organization urges the American government to  legalize  en masse all illegal aliens currently in the United States who have no criminal records, and to dramatically increase the number of visas available for those wishing to migrate to the U.S. The Forum is particularly committed to opening the borders to unskilled, low-income workers, and immediately making them eligible for welfare and social service programs.National Immigration Law Center: This group seeks to win unrestricted access to government-funded social welfare programs for illegal aliens.National Lawyers Guild: This group promotes open borders; seeks to weaken America s intelligence-gathering agencies; condemns the Patriot Act as an assault on civil liberties; rejects capitalism as an nonviable economic system; has rushed to the defense of convicted terrorists and their abettors; and generally opposes all U.S. foreign policy positions, just as it did during the Cold War when it sided with the Soviets.National Organization for Women: This group advocates the unfettered right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; seeks to  eradicate racism, sexism and homophobia  from American society; attacks Christianity and traditional religious values; and supports gender-based preferences for women.National Partnership for Women and Families: This organization supports race- and sex-based preferences in employment and education. It also advocates for the universal  right  of women to undergo taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand at any stage of pregnancy and for any reason.National Priorities Project: This group supports government-mandated redistribution of wealth   through higher taxes and greater expenditures on social welfare programs. NPP exhorts the government to redirect a significant portion of its military funding toward public education, universal health insurance, environmentalist projects, and welfare programs.National Public Radio: Founded in 1970 with 90 public radio stations as charter members, NPR is today a loose network of more than 750 U.S. radio stations across the country, many of which are based on college and university campuses. (source)National Security Archive Fund: This group collects and publishes declassified documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act to a degree that compromises American national security and the safety of intelligence agents.National Women s Law Center: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; lobbies against conservative judicial appointees; advocates increased welfare spending to help low-income mothers; and favors higher taxes for the purpose of generating more funds for such government programs as Medicaid, food stamps, welfare, foster care, health care, child-support enforcement, and student loans.Natural Resources Defense Council: One of the most influential environmentalist lobbying groups in the United States, the Council claims a membership of one million people. New America Foundation: This organization uses policy papers, media articles, books, and educational events to influence public opinion on such topics as healthcare, environmentalism, energy policy, the Mideast conflict, global governance, and much more.New Israel Fund: This organization gives support to NGOs that regularly produce reports accusing Israel of human-rights violations and religious persecution.NewsCorpWatch: A project of Media Matters For America, NewsCorpWatch was established with the help of a $1 million George Soros grant to Media Matters.Pacifica Foundation: This entity owns and operates Pacifica Radio, awash from its birth with the socialist-Marxist rhetoric of class warfare and hatred for capitalism.Peace and Security Funders Group: This is an association of more than 60 foundations that give money to leftist anti-war and environmentalist causes. Its members tend to depict America as the world s chief source of international conflict, environmental destruction, and economic inequalities.Peace Development Fund: In PDF s calculus, the United States needs a massive overhaul of its social and economic institutions.  Recently,  explains PDF,  we have witnessed the negative effects of neo-liberalism and the globalization of capitalism, the de-industrialization of the U.S. and the growing gap between the rich and poor  People for the American Way: This group opposes the Patriot Act, anti-terrorism measures generally, and the allegedly growing influence of the  religious right. People Improving Communities Through Organizing: This group uses Alinsky-style organizing tactics to advance the doctrines of the religious left.Physicians for Human Rights: This group is selectively and disproportionately critical of the United States and Israel in its condemnations of human rights violations.Physicians for Social Responsibility: This is an anti-U.S.-military organization that also embraces the tenets of radical environmentalism.Planned Parenthood: This group is the largest abortion provider in the United States and advocates taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.Ploughshares Fund: This public grant making foundation opposes America s development of a missile defense system, and contributes to many organizations that are highly critical of U.S. foreign policies and military ventures.Prepare New York: This group supported the proposed construction of a Muslim Community Center near Ground Zero in lower Manhattan   a project known as the Cordoba Initiative, headed by Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf.Presidential Climate Action Project: PCAP s mission is to create a new 21st-century economy, completely carbon-free and based largely on renewable energy. A key advisor to the organization is the revolutionary communist Van Jones.Prison Moratorium Project: This initiative was created in 1995 for the express purpose of working for the elimination of all prisons in the United States and the release of all inmates. Reasoning from the premise that incarceration is never an appropriate means of dealing with crime, it deems American society s inherent inequities the root of all criminal behavior.Progressive Change Campaign Committee: This organization works  to elect bold progressive candidates to federal office and to help [them] and their campaigns save money, work smarter, and win more often. Progressive States Network: PSN s mission is to  pass progressive legislation in all fifty states by providing coordinated research and strategic advocacy tools to forward-thinking state legislators. Project Vote: This is the voter-mobilization arm of the Soros-funded ACORN. A persistent pattern of lawlessness and corruption has followed ACORN/Project Vote activities over the years. Pro Publica: Claiming that  investigative journalism is at risk,  this group aims to remedy this lacuna in news publishing by  expos[ing] abuses of power and betrayals of the public trust by government, business, and other institutions, using the moral force of investigative journalism to spur reform through the sustained spotlighting of wrongdoing. Proteus Fund: This foundation directs its philanthropy toward a number of radical leftwing organizations.Public Citizen Foundation: Public Citizen seeks increased government intervention and litigation against corporations   a practice founded on the notion that American corporations, like the capitalist system of which they are a part, are inherently inclined toward corruption.Public Justice Center: Viewing America as a nation rife with injustice and discrimination, this organization engages in legislative and policy advocacy to promote  systemic change for the disenfranchised.  Rebuild and Renew America Now (a.k.a. Unity  09): Spearheaded by MoveOn.org and overseen by longtime activist Heather Booth, this coalition was formed to facilitate the passage of President Obama s  historic  $3.5 trillion budget for fiscal year 2010. Res Publica: Seeking to advance far-left agendas in places all around the world, RP specializes in  E-advocacy,  or web-based movement-building.Secretary of State Project: This project was launched in July 2006 as an independent  527  organization devoted to helping Democrats get elected to the office of Secretary of State in selected swing, or battleground, states.Sentencing Project: Asserting that prison-sentencing patterns are racially discriminatory, this initiative advocates voting rights for felons.Social Justice Leadership: This organization seeks to transform an allegedly inequitable America into a  just society  by means of  a renewed social-justice movement. Shadow Democratic Party: This is an elaborate network of non-profit activist groups organized by George Soros and others to mobilize resources   money, get-out-the-vote drives, campaign advertising, and policy initiatives   to elect Democratic candidates and guide the Democratic Party towards the left.Sojourners: This evangelical Christian ministry preaches radical left-wing politics. During the 1980s it championed Communist revolution in Central America and chastised U.S. policy-makers for their tendency  to assume the very worst about their Soviet counterparts.  More recently, Sojourners has taken up the cause of environmental activism, opposed welfare reform as a  mean-spirited Republican agenda,  and mounted a defense of affirmative action.Southern Poverty Law Center: This organization monitors the activities of what it calls  hate groups  in the United States. It exaggerates the prevalence of white racism directed against American minorities.State Voices: This coalition helps independent local activist groups in 22 states work collaboratively on a year-round basis, so as to maximize the impact of their efforts.Talking Transition: This was a two-week project launched in early November 2013 to  help shape the transition  to City Hall for the newly elected Democratic mayor of New York, Bill de Blasio.Think Progress: This Internet blog  pushes back, daily,  by its own account, against its conservative targets, and seeks to transform  progressive ideas into policy through rapid response communications, legislative action, grassroots organizing and advocacy, and partnerships with other progressive leaders throughout the country and the world. Thunder Road Group: This political consultancy, in whose creation Soros had a hand, coordinates strategy for the Media Fund, America Coming Together, and America Votes. Tides Foundation and Tides Center: Tides is a major funder of the radical Left.U.S. Public Interest Research Group: This is an umbrella organization of student groups that support leftist agendas.Universal Healthcare Action Network: This organization supports a single-payer health care system controlled by the federal government.Urban Institute: This research organization favors socialized medicine, expansion of the federal welfare bureaucracy, and tax hikes for higher income-earners.USAction Education Fund: USAction lists its priorities as:  fighting the right wing agenda ;  building grassroots political power ; winning  social, racial and economic justice for all ; supporting a system of taxpayer-funded socialized medicine; reversing  reckless tax cuts for millionaires and corporations  which shield the  wealthy  from paying their  fair share ; advocating for  pro-consumer and environmental regulation of corporate abuse ;  strengthening progressive voices on local, state and national issues ; and working to  register, educate and get out the vote   [to] help progressives get elected at all levels of government. Voto Latino: This group seeks to mobilize Latin-Americans to become registered voters and political activists.We Are America Alliance: This coalition promotes  increased civic participation by immigrants  in the American political process.Working Families Party: An outgrowth of the socialist New Party, WFP seeks to help push the Democratic Party toward the left.World Organization Against Torture: This coalition works closely with groups that condemn Israeli security measures against Palestinian terrorism.YWCA World Office, Switzerland: The YWCA opposes abstinence education; supports universal access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; and opposes school vouchers.  Secondary  or  Indirect  Affiliates of the George Soros NetworkIn addition to those organizations that are funded directly by George Soros and his Open Society Institute (OSI), there are also numerous  secondary  or  indirect  affiliates of the Soros network. These include organizations which do not receive direct funding from Soros and OSI, but which are funded by one or more organizations that do. -Dr. Rich SwierFor the entire list of secondary groups affiliated with George Soros, go HERE ",0
17850,"#WINNING UPDATE: Arizona’s Other Anti-Trump, RINO Senator Just Got Some Very Bad News","Watch President Trump hammer Senator McCain and the  weak  Senator Flake at an Arizona rally, where he also threw his support behind Dr. Kelli Ward:AP  Arizona Republican Sen. Jeff Flake s re-election race is becoming a case study in the GOP s convulsions among the establishment, a furious base, and angry donors.After bucking Donald Trump in a state the president won, Flake is bottoming out in polls. Yet Republicans look like they may be stuck with a hard-core conservative challenger who some fear could win the primary but lose in the general election.A White House search for a candidate to replace former state Sen. Kelli Ward in the primary appears to have hit a wall. And now conservatives want to turn Arizona into the latest example of a Trump Train outsider taking down a member of the GOP establishment. People are fooling themselves if they think Jeff Flake is anything but a walking dead member of the United State Senate,  said Andy Surabian, whose Great America Alliance is backing Ward. I don t see how he survives a primary. I don t see how he survives a general. The numbers just don t add up,  added Surabian, who worked at the White House as an adviser to Steve Bannon, then the president s top strategist.Despite discontent among some Republicans over Ward, Bannon met with her last week at a conservative conference in Colorado Springs to encourage her campaign, according to a Republican official who spoke on condition of anonymity to disclose the previously unreported private meeting.Ward unsuccessfully challenged Arizona s senior senator, John McCain, in last year s election, losing in the primary by a wide margin. But in Flake, she would face a more vulnerable candidate at a moment when the GOP establishment is on the defensive, facing a simmering anti-incumbent mood heightened by Republicans  failure to make good on seven years of promises to scrap Barack Obama s health care law.Flake is in danger of becoming the latest victim of this voter wrath. Yet rather than making an effort to soothe pro-Trump GOP voters, he s all but dared them to take him down by kicking off his campaign with an anti-Trump manifesto,  Conscience of a Conservative,  a book in which he bemoaned his party s failure to stand up to Trump in last year s presidential race. We pretended that the emperor wasn t naked,  Flake wrote.Trump, in turn, has lashed out at Flake on Twitter, calling him  toxic,  while praising Ward. White House officials say there s little chance Trump will have a change of heart over supporting Flake. One official, speaking on condition of anonymity to disclose private deliberations, said Trump is irritated not only by Flake s public criticism but by what Trump sees as the senator s attempts to use his critiques of the president to gain attention.Nevertheless, Flake, 54, insists he won t be getting out of the race. The primary is Aug. 29. ",0
17851,ANGRY LIBERAL STORE OWNER Gets Slammed For Using Billboard To Display Image of Trump as Hitler…Asks Liberals To Attack Billboard Owner For Taking It Down [VIDEO],"Things didn t go as well as Nicholle had hoped and now, she s lashing out at the owner of the billboard company who was inundated with calls from angry residents.Rouse & Revolt owner Nicholle Lewis told Newsweek that she didn t sleep much last night. Her phone wouldn t stop going off with the persistent buzzing of death threats for her sign, which stylizes the number 45 into a swastika and features Trump posed in a Hitler-esque stance. I m living in a small, podunk red town and I m already getting death threats,  said Lewis, whose store is in right-leaning Chico, population 90,000.  My business has completely floundered. Overnight I had more one-star reviews than all the reviews I ve received in a year. The sign was up for less than 24 hours before Stott Outdoor Advertising took it down amid a backlash that featured online attacks.But Lewis said she s standing behind her beliefs. I don t necessarily think that just because I m a business doesn t mean I can t mix my beliefs,  Lewis said.  That s a common misconception that you can t mix politics and business.   I have a platform and I m going to use it. Lewis has used the billboard at the corner of Third Avenue and Mangrove Avenue all year, though this is the first time she s made it political. He is not presidential, he is not a president,  Lewis said.  He is a celebrity who was born into money. And he s a Nazi sympathizer. I am going to stand behind my beliefs regardless. Lewis said she has been getting some support, too.Lewis got slammed by bad reviews on her store, Rouse and Revolt Facebook page, as well as her personal Facebook page, where she posted this video. In the video, Lewis pleas with liberals to make false claims against the sign company, as a payback because she s been hit with bad reviews. That s called liberal logic, in case you re not familiar with how liberal operate.Watch, as angry liberal Nicholle Haber Lewis threatens the sign company with a lawsuit while simultaneously asking libs to help her destroy his business.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Posted by Nicholle Haber Lewis on Friday, October 6, 2017The general manager of Stott Outdoor Advertising replied to Newsweek:Jim Moravec, the general manager of Stott Outdoor Advertising, told Newsweek that the company took it down because  a lot of people misinterpreted the billboard and who the speaker was. I should have not accepted the ad in the first place,  Moravec said, adding that the sign looked more like a call for action than an ad for the clothing store.   Newsweek",0
17852,LEFTIST STORE OWNER Makes Video Asking Libs To Help DESTROY Billboard Owner’s Business After He Removed Her Hateful Trump-Hitler Advertisement,"Things didn t go as well as Nicholle had hoped and now, she s lashing out at the owner of the billboard company who was inundated with calls from angry residents.Rouse & Revolt owner Nicholle Lewis told Newsweek that she didn t sleep much last night. Her phone wouldn t stop going off with the persistent buzzing of death threats for her sign, which stylizes the number 45 into a swastika and features Trump posed in a Hitler-esque stance. I m living in a small, podunk red town and I m already getting death threats,  said Lewis, whose store is in right-leaning Chico, population 90,000.  My business has completely floundered. Overnight I had more one-star reviews than all the reviews I ve received in a year. The sign was up for less than 24 hours before Stott Outdoor Advertising took it down amid a backlash that featured online attacks.But Lewis said she s standing behind her beliefs. I don t necessarily think that just because I m a business doesn t mean I can t mix my beliefs,  Lewis said.  That s a common misconception that you can t mix politics and business.   I have a platform and I m going to use it. Lewis has used the billboard at the corner of Third Avenue and Mangrove Avenue all year, though this is the first time she s made it political. He is not presidential, he is not a president,  Lewis said.  He is a celebrity who was born into money. And he s a Nazi sympathizer. I am going to stand behind my beliefs regardless. Lewis said she has been getting some support, too.Lewis got slammed by bad reviews on her store, Rouse and Revolt Facebook page, as well as her personal Facebook page, where she posted this video. In the video, Lewis pleas with liberals to make false claims against the sign company, as a payback because she s been hit with bad reviews. That s called liberal logic, in case you re not familiar with how liberal operate.Watch, as angry liberal Nicholle Haber Lewis threatens the sign company with a lawsuit while simultaneously asking libs to help her destroy his business.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Posted by Nicholle Haber Lewis on Friday, October 6, 2017The general manager of Stott Outdoor Advertising replied to Newsweek:Jim Moravec, the general manager of Stott Outdoor Advertising, told Newsweek that the company took it down because  a lot of people misinterpreted the billboard and who the speaker was. I should have not accepted the ad in the first place,  Moravec said, adding that the sign looked more like a call for action than an ad for the clothing store.   Newsweek",0
17853,LOL! “BLACK STUDENTS UNITED” Demands “Racist” Cornell University Stops Recruiting Blacks That Aren’t Like Them,"EAG    Black Students United    which represents people of the  African diaspora    penned a letter to university administration recently in response to allegations that a white student from the Psi Upsilon fraternity severely beat a black student from the Kappa Sigma fraternity in mid-August.Cornell closed down the Psi Upsilon fraternity as it works to  develop and implement steps to be a more equitable, inclusive and welcoming university,  according to The Washington Post.John Greenwood, the 19-year-old student accused of the beating, faces a third-degree assault charge and possible hate crimes. Greenwood apologized for using  abhorrent language  during the dispute, but his attorney has maintained that Greenwood was  in no way involved in any physical altercation of any kind,  according to The Cornell Daily Sun.Black Students United want more to be done, and they re using the unfortunate incident to pressure school officials into a list of 12 demands   at least some of which target other black students.The demands are prefaced with a diatribe on Cornell s inherently white supremacist system that allegedly perpetuates a daily assault of racism against black students on campus. We attend a university that s obsessed with the optics of our black and brown faces but is indifferent to the justice we week. This is not an indictment of white people; this is an indictment of a system that perpetuates white supremacy and shelters our peers under the warm blanket of white privilege   all the while, we are left to freeze in our frigid reality of racist epithets, essentialist curriculum, and apathetic governance,  the letter read. In post-racial America, our classmates call us niggers from their pickup trucks in broad daylight. In post-racial America, we are berated by airborne bottles on our own campus. In post-racial America, we are told we have a chip on our shoulder. We are called everything but our name. Above all else, in post-racial America we are bombarded by the deafening silence that allows the centuries-old hum of white supremacy to grow louder,  it continued.  Silence is violence. Because Cornell is racist, and its Interfraternity Council is an alleged arm of the white supremacist system, Black Students United drew up a list of 12 demands that will help set things right.They include a system of mandatory coursework for all students that s focused on race, gender, discrimination, white privilege and other social justice causes from the perspective of  oppressed people,  as well as mandatory training for staff on the same issues.Black Students United want Psi Upsilon shut down and to use the building as  an adequate and appropriate space for the people of the Africa diaspora to utilize for programs of any kind, in perpetuity. The group also demands mandatory diversity and inclusion training for all greek members on campus, a special  minority liaison  position on the University Assembly, Cornell Health to hire at least two black psychologists and one black doctor in coming years, a new student-led dispute resolution process, and a limit on different types of black students admitted to the Ivy League school. We demand that Cornell Admissions to come up with a plan to actively increase the presence of underrepresented Black students on this campus. We define underrepresented Black students as Black Americans who have several generations (more than two) in this country,  the letter read.The problem is there are too many black students from other places outside of the U.S., Black Students United argued. The Black student population at Cornell disproportionately represents international or first-generation African or Caribbean students,  BSU wrote.  While these students have a right to flourish at Cornell, there is a lack of investment in Black students whose families were affected directly by the African Holocaust in America. Cornell must work to actively support students whose families have been impacted for generations by white supremacy and American fascism. The demands also include a call for an  Anti-Racism Institute  to  educate the campus and community about the horrors of white supremacy and political education,  among other things.",0
17854,4 EASY TO UNDERSTAND REASONS My Ancestors Are NOT The Same as Illegals Who Come To America Today,"How many times have liberals used the argument that  everyone s relatives came here illegally!  ? The answer is about a million or more times. Liberals can t seem to differentiate between people who came to our nation to either escape persecution or to find a better life that came through Ellis Island or immediately applied for citizenship in America, and those who float across the Rio Grande on an inner-tube after paying a coyote a fee to help them illegally cross our borders.This meme brilliantly explains the difference in 4 short bullet points.:Here s a little visual for anyone who tells you #4 isn t true:It is estimated that 12.5 million illegal aliens are currently living in the United States.Below, are a series of visuals from the Federation for American Immigration Reform or FAIR to help Americans to understand the cost of illegal immigration to taxpaying Americans. This data from September 27, 2017, paints a pretty bleak economic picture for America if we continue to ignore the serious problem of illegal immigration:   FAIR   At the federal, state, and local levels, taxpayers shell out approximately $134.9 billion to cover the costs incurred by the presence of more than 12.5 million illegal aliens, and about 4.2 million citizen children of illegal aliens. That amounts to a tax burden of approximately $8,075 per illegal alien family member and a total of $115,894,597,664. The total cost of illegal immigration to U.S. taxpayers is both staggering and crippling. In 2013, FAIR estimated the total cost to be approximately $113 billion. So, in under four years, the cost has risen nearly $3 billion. This is a disturbing and unsustainable trend. ",0
17855,WATCH: “NASTY” SAN JUAN MAYOR Continues To Bite The Hand That Feeds The People Who Elected Her,"San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz tore a book from the nasty Democrat women s playbook on Wednesday and wore a black t-shirt emblazoned with the word  nasty  during an interview with Univision s Jorge Ramos. In case anyone forgot, Hillary Clinton actually was called a  nasty woman  by then-candidate Trump during one of the presidential debates. Hillary and her liberal Hollywood friends turned Trump s remark about her into a fundraiser to support abortion. The t-shirt was in response to President Trump s tweet criticizing the politician where he referred to her actions as  nasty  and NOT the mayor. It hasn t taken the American public long to figure out that the mayor of San Juan is not only  nasty , but ungrateful and apparently, someone who just can t get enough attention. Does she really believe that constantly criticizing the President of the United States is going to help the people who are relying on her to speed up or improve the aid they re getting? Cruz told Ramos she wore the shirt because  it was one of the expressions that the president used to describe me. I was a  nasty mayor,  People reported. When it bothers somebody that you re asking for drinking water, medicine for the sick and food for the hungry, that person has much deeper problems than what we can discuss in an interview,  Cruz said.""What is truly 'nasty' is to turn your back on the Puerto Rican people"": mayor of San Juan pic.twitter.com/2GVgJNqmve  Al Punto Univision (@AlPunto) October 5, 2017 What really is nasty is showing your back to the Puerto Rican people,  Cruz added.The island was recently hit by powerful Hurricane Maria and has been working to restore power and clean water to the territory.Cruz criticized the Trump administration s hurricane response to the island. Last Friday, the mayor appeared on television in a black shirt with white letters that read,  HELP US, WE ARE DYING.  Cruz argued that federal aid had been slow to reach Puerto Rico following Maria, which knocked out power to the entire island.In response, Trump tweeted on Saturday,  Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help.    FOX News",0
17856,CHICAGO DELI OWNER Says He Was Relieved To Hear Las Vegas Massacre Happened At Country Music Festival: “White people shooting white people isn’t terror … it’s community outreach”,"Chicago Tribune   Just weeks after stoking controversy by using Nazi imagery on his Jewish deli s Facebook page, the co-owner of Max s Deli in Highland Park again has ignited outrage   this time with a tweet he fired off in response to the Las Vegas shootings. Soon as I heard it was country music, I felt relief. White people shooting white people isn t terror   it s community outreach. #LasVegas,  the tweet read.Morelli attempted to apologize for his remark:Morelli, who described himself as politically  lost  with no allegiances, said his tweet about the deaths was thoughtless. It was a dumb joke and it didn t work. I own it. It was stupid,  Morelli said. It was seven in the morning and I was stressed out and freaked out by the shooting,  he added.  I was trying to participate, and all I did was put my foot in my mouth. But is he really sorry, or is he only doing damage control?  Only one month ago, Morelli posted this vile image on Max s Deli s Facebook page. Although Morelli admitted that after his post, his family, who were affected by his outrageous post, are  done  with him. Chicago Tribune   Highland Park deli is facing backlash over a Facebook post that includes a cartoon drawing of a man wearing a Nazi armband, giving a stiff-armed salute and donning a T-shirt reading,  I m with Alt-Right. Greg Morelli, who owns Max s Deli with his brother, posted the image last week. Morelli frequently posts the deli s menu along with cartoon drawings he creates to the restaurant s Facebook page. He said the recent events in Charlottesville inspired him to use the page to make a strong political statement. I have a Jewish deli, I am a Jewish man,  Morelli said.  I am the first person that s going to get a brick through the window if this plague is not stopped immediately. Morelli, 49, said the image was of an alt-right member who has hair evocative of President Donald Trump, but was not meant to be a depiction of the president himself.The full post and its related image are still on the deli s Facebook page.He said the deli was inundated with calls on Thursday as the post began to spread on Facebook and through news stories. Callers have been criticizing the post s imagery and its political message, he said.The effect of the post on his family has been difficult and Morelli says they are  done with him. When you create a storm, everyone that loves you just wants you to take the easy path,  he said.In a Facebook post on the restaurant s page Thursday evening, Morelli did not back down from the discussion the initial image provoked. I do not regret getting involved. I do not regret speaking out,  he wrote.  I do not regret assigning symbolism to hatred. I do not regret being trashed on Facebook. That said, it hurt. When asked about the specific use of Nazi imagery in the post and the reaction to not just his intended message, but the image itself, Morelli said the symbolism was a necessary point to make. We have to use the imagery and assign it to the groups so we know how to react,  Morelli said.  I happen to find satire very powerful. ",0
17857,NANCY SINATRA Says 5 MILLION “Murderous Members” of the NRA “Should Face A Firing Squad”,"Nancy Sinatra sent out an absolutely vile tweet today, that suggested 5 million NRA members should be killed by a firing squad. The tweet didn t mention the Las Vegas massacre, but the timing of her tweet seems to be in line with the 100 s of celebrities who are using this horrific massacre as an opportunity to push gun-control in America. Here is a screenshot of the tweet she sent out on Twitter today. Sinatra has since removed her disgusting tweet, but the screenshot of her horrific suggestion is here to stay.Another day, another liberal entertainer wishing harm, or in the case of Nancy Sinatra, death on millions of Americans. When do American citizens, who are sick and tired of being abused, berated, and slapped around by celebrities who have no respect our God-given rights, stop supporting their industry? When will we cut the cord, and turn off the NFL, and turn off shows like  Will and Grace  who admittedly are making a return to TV so they can promote an anti-Trump message to their viewers? When will Americans find something better to do with their time than watching a TV show or movie featuring an actor or actress who boldly stands against our First and Second Amendment Rights, and regularly spews hate against our President because he bravely defends those inalienable rights?If you want to see a man who faces a  firing squad  each and every day, while celebrities sit comfortably in their Malibu mansions, acting as keyboard warriors for the left, attacking him and anyone who supports him,  you don t have to look too far:Celebrity Sheryl Crow joined the hate fest against gun owners and called out politicians who support our Second Amendment Right by saying:  Any politician who takes money from the NRA has blood on their hands.  Really?  Politicians, who support an organization who does so much to promote safe and responsible gun ownership, have  blood on their hands ?Any politician who takes money from the NRA has blood on their hands.  Sheryl Crow (@SherylCrow) October 4, 2017Our friend, Marie Tweets had a brilliant response to Sheryl Crow s tweet:Any politician who funds abortion clinics has Blood on their hands.  MarieTweets   (@mkues65) October 5, 2017Here is our reply to Nancy Sinatra s tweet:You are a sick and vile human being. While America mourns the lives of 58 innocent people who could've just as easily been killed by a bomb, you call for the death of 5 million Americans by gunfire? You should be ashamed of yourself! Nice legacy  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) October 5, 2017Here are a few great replies to Nancy s follow up tweet, where she used a Nelson Mandela quote in an attempt to make her look like a victim (after she deleted a tweet calling for the murder of 5 million Americans):If you are so against gun violence then why does Hollywood glorify it every day for every kid to see? pic.twitter.com/tr5LVsF0Dc  BAN TH  L FT   (@EarthsPig) October 5, 2017Deplorable Vol. 4 tweeted a great quote from the great quote from former NRA president, Charlton Heston, in response to Sinatra s tweet: pic.twitter.com/8ubU2EbMCM  Deplorable Vol. 4 (@C_R_Russo) October 5, 2017Nancy people who send death threats are a danger to society  crazygator (@thecajun8) October 5, 2017And finally, a direct response to Sinatra using a person who many people believe to be one of the most violent leaders of a social justice movement:Great quote. But it's kind of hard to stand up after you've been necklaced like many of Mandela's political opponents were pic.twitter.com/a6zELaBbNm  Rex Vallachorum (@RexValachorum) October 5, 2017",0
17858,NANCY PELOSI Thanks Dreamers for Coming to U.S. Illegally: ‘They’re so lovely’ [Video],"This is what Democrats think of people who broke our laws to come to America? Nancy Pelosi thanked a  Dreamer s  parents Wednesday for bringing him to the United States illegally. Pelosi made the remark during a town hall with CNN s Chris Cuomo where she took a question from  Dreamer  Adrian Reyna. Our Dreamers, they make America dream again,  Pelosi said.  They re so lovely and we, frankly, owe a debt to your parents for bringing you here to be such a brilliant part of our future. AND she s happy to let the tax payers foot the bill for these illegals:The swelling population of illegal immigrants and their kids is costing American taxpayers $135 billion a year, the highest ever, driven by free medical care, education and a huge law enforcement bill, according to the the most authoritative report on the issue yet.Dreamers are individuals who were brought illegally to the United States as children. Former president Barack Obama s administration provided cover to Dreamers from possible deportation to their countries of origin with the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) executive order in 2012.The Trump administration rescinded the order last month and called on Congress to replace it within six months. Reyna expressed concern about Democrats coming to a deal with President Donald Trump about illegal immigration and Dreamers.Pelosi promised Reyna that a clean  Dream Act  would be passed before December.Pelosi continued to heap praise on Dreamers and their families and laid out Democrats  plan to block the Trump administration and Republicans from taking any kind of potential action against illegal immigration.Read more: WFB ",0
17859,WATCH: FORMER PUERTO RICO Governor HUMILIATES Pouting MSNBC Host Mika Brzezinski For Putting Her Hate For Trump Before Needs Of Hurricane Victims,"A former governor of Puerto Rico shut down a question from MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski on Wednesday when she asked about President Donald Trump s treatment of San Juan Mayor Carmen Yul n Cruz.Trump and Cruz s interactions and criticisms have drawn national attention during the process of helping Puerto Rico recover from Hurricane Maria, with Cruz charging that the Trump administration has been too slow in delivering federal assistance. Trump tweeted criticism of her over the weekend, saying she exhibited  poor leadership  and that others in Puerto Rico were not doing enough to  get their workers to help. Upon meeting each other face-to-face on Tuesday, Cruz told Trump it was saving lives and  not about politics.  Trump shook her hand and then walked away.After  Morning Joe  played the clip, a cross-armed Brzezinski looked disgusted. After welcoming former Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortu o to the show, she asked him what he made of Trump s treatment of Cruz. I m very sorry, Mika, but I m not going to get into local politics,  Fortu o said.Brzezinski did a double take upon hearing his answer. If she s running for governor, there are different parties I don t care,  Fortu o said.  I care about results. Is that what you think it is?  Brzezinski asked.  You think it was politics that had him attacking her? I have no idea,  he said.  All I can tell you is we need results. We have people that desperately need help. As long as we get that help, we should not be talking about politics at this moment. WFB",0
17860,WATCH: GERALDO EMBARRASSES San Juan Mayor Who Said Trump’s “Killing” Puerto Ricans: “I Don’t See People Dying”,"Let s hope this angry leftist mayor doesn t prevent individual donors from contributing to help the people of San Juan who may not agree with her hateful attacks on our President, who is bending over backward to get the help to the victims of the hurricane.Is anyone else sick and tired of hearing this mayor whine about everything America is NOT doing for her? San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, who has refused to participate in any FEMA meetings regarding aid to Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, has continually accused the Trump administration of not helping out in Puerto Rico s time of need, going so far as to claim the federal government is  killing  Puerto Ricans.Fox News  Geraldo Rivera went down to Puerto Rico and actually confronted Cruz about her statement that people are  dying  because of the Trump administration s  inefficiency and bureaucracy. But are people dying? I ve been traveling around, I don t see people dying,  Rivera challenging Cruz said.  I spoke to the doctors, they say they saw 53 patients and they had a person who was septic, but nobody dying. Dying is a continuum,  Cruz said in response.  If you don t get fed for seven, eight days and you re a child, you are dying. If you have 11 people like we took out of a nursing home, severely dehydrated, you are dying. Of course dying is a continuum. Everyone eventually dies. It s an unfortunate part of life. But, when it comes to Puerto Ricans dying from neglect and a lack of supplies, Rivera wasn t buying it. The death count was 16 a week ago. It remains 16 today,  Rivera said.  People are not dying. Here s the video of Rivera s interview with Cruz:Backing up Rivera s claims, an article released on Sunday by the Daily Mail said that a Puerto Rican woman claiming to be a police officer alleged that Cruz and Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello have been holding back supplies  in order to make for better photo opportunities. The woman even went so far as to say that U.S. armed forces need to  come in and distribute the aid. Via: MRCTV",0
17861,WHY ANTI-TRUMP BILLIONAIRE MARK CUBAN Couldn’t Have Picked A Worse Time To Announce He’d Like To Run For President [VIDEO],"During the 2016 presidential election, Mark Cuban made no secret of his dislike for Donald Trump and his desire to see Crooked Hillary become our next President.Watch Cuban tell FOX News  Neil Cavuto (at 5:38 mark),  If Donald wins, I have no doubt the market tanks! Well, that s not exactly what happened now is it, Mr. Cuban?In fact, today it was reported by the Gateway Pundit: President Trump is Enjoying the Greatest Stock Market Rally Ever   DOW Up 4,300 Since Election and Nearly 24%!* The DOW has risen nearly 24% since the election on November 8th. (On November 9th the DOW closed at 18,332   on October 3rd the DOW closed at 22,641.)* The DOW has increased 4,309 points since the November 8th election. The stock market has never increased this much in this period of time in its more than one hundred year history than it has this past week.* President Trump is the only President in US history to oversee two stock market rallies of nine days or more where the markets set new highs each and every day.* On February 28th President Trump matched President Reagan s 1987 record for most continuous closing high trading days when the DOW reached a new high for its 12th day in a row!* Then in early August, President Trump reigned over a 9-day stock market rally with each day reaching record highs.* President Trump set the record earlier this year for the most all-time closing stock market highs during his first year in office.Currently, the DOW has set 61 closing highs since last year s election and 44 since President Trump s inauguration. (As a comparison, President Obama had no stock market highs his entire first term.)* Since President Trump s Inauguration on January 20th the DOW is up 14%. (It was at 19,827 on January 20th.) * The S&P 500 and the NASDAQ have both set new all-time highs during this period. * The US Stock Market gained $4 trillion in wealth since Trump was elected! * The S&P 500 also broke $20 Trillion for the first time in its history. ",0
17862,"BREAKING REPORT: HILLARY SUPPORTER, CEO Of Las Vegas MGM and Mandalay Bay Resort Asked Employees To Donate To CAIR Only 2 Months Ago, Wife Worked For Obama","On August 15, 2017, Jim Murren, CEO of MGM which owns Mandalay Bay Casino and Resort, came out with a bold statement of support for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign: As a lifelong registered Republican, I ve crossed the aisle only a few times in elections past, and almost never at the presidential level. Each time, it was a gut-wrenching decision.But this year it s an easy choice. I m going to put my country ahead of my party by voting for Hillary Clinton   and by making my first-ever public endorsement of a presidential candidate. Breaking from investigative reporter Laura Loomer*: EXCLUSIVE: In this internal memo I have obtained, Jim Murren, the CEO of MGM resorts which owns Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino (where Stephen Paddock committed his massacre) asked employees to donate to CAIR, a documented terrorist organization, two months ago.Murren declared that he d match all donations from his employees to CAIR, and radical left-wing anti -Trump groups like Southern Poverty Law Center and ADL   Anti-Defamation League. His wife, Heather Murren also worked for the Obama administration on Obama s  Commission for Enhancing National Cybersecurity  in 2016.When this memo first came out from the MGM CEO to his employees, Wayne Allen Root wrote in the Townhall publication about his disgust for a CEO of a major company asking his employees to donate to these radical groups, many of which, are in direct conflict with conservative and Christian values.Why is the MGM CEO asking his employees to contribute to radical, left-wing organizations? Why did the killer choose to stay in the Mandalay Casino? Why is no one reporting about the fact that the wife of the MGM CEO worked for Obama on his Commission for Enhancing National Cybersecurity  only one year ago?What about the fact that receipts that allegedly came from the Mandalay Casino Resort show that there were 2 GUESTS in the room with the shooter and that he actually checked in one day before the date of check-in that s being reported.Again, more from investigative journalist Laura Loomer*:BREAKING: Copies of receipts from the Las Vegas shooter s room service were posted by Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino room service employee Tony Hernandez Armenta. The receipts confirm my previous reporting that Stephen Paddock checked into the resort prior to Sept. 28. The receipts are dated Sept. 27, 2017, and indicate that there were 2 GUESTS inside the room at the time of service. My source who works at the Mandalay told me Paddock s reservation began on Sept. 25, all of which proves that Las Vegas law enforcement and FBI aren t providing accurate information to the public.   All of a sudden, there s been a shift in the investigation. There seems to be a new focus on  radicalization  of the shooter.Las Vegas Sheriff Lombardo is now suggesting that the shooter was  radicalized  and that they are  attempting to uncover the source  of his radicalization:BREAKING: Sheriff Lombardo suggests shooter was ""radicalized"" & authorities attempting to uncover source. pic.twitter.com/HtoIxRhvvA  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 3, 2017*Laura Loomer is an independent journalist and conservative activist. She was formerly a reporter for Rebel Media until she resigned in September of 2016. Loomer can be found on Twitter by clicking HERE.",0
17863,WATCH: DIVISIVE FORMER First Lady MICHELLE OBAMA Can’t Let Go Of Race-Obsession: People “Don’t Trust Politics” Because Republicans Are All “White Men”,"Michelle Obama is hands-down, the most divisive first lady to ever occupy our nation s White House. The woman who was never proud of her country until her husband was elected President, lived a very comfortable life as the First Lady in the nation s White House. She took regular 5-star vacations, that included her tax-supported live-in mother, friends, relatives, and of course, her daughters, who attended the best schools in Washington DC. After 8 long years of acting as the First Lady of the United States of America, it s actually quite sad to see Michelle travel around from venue to venue, explaining to her audiences how she s still a victim of racism or sexism Tuesday at the Pennsylvania Conference for Women, former first lady Michelle Obama said when she attended the State of the Union address she would notice the Republican side was  all men, all white,  and that was why she argued many people of color  don t trust politics. Speaking about diversity, Obama said,  We should be working actively to mix it up, so we re getting a real broad range of perspectives on every issue. Shoot, I would see that in Congress. She explained,  At the State of the Union address   when you are in the room what you can see is this real dichotomy. It s a feeling of color almost. On one side of the room is literally gray and white. Literally, that is the color palette on one side of the room. On the other side of the room, there are yellows and blues and whites and greens. Physically, there s a difference in color, in the tone, because on one side all men, all white, on the other side some woman, some people of color. She continued,  I look at that, and I go, no wonder. No wonder we struggle, no wonder people don t trust politics. We re not even noticing what these rooms look like.    Breitbart ",0
17864,SAY WHAT? LEFTISTS PLAN To Erect 45-Foot Statue Of NAKED WOMAN That Will Stare at White House…Stand Next to Washington Monument For Several Months [VIDEO],"When did our Washington DC Mall become a staging area for feminist statements? Do families traveling to DC really need to see a statue of a naked woman standing next to the Washington Monument? Don t we have a number of museums in DC that would be a more appropriate temporary home for a 45-foot statue of a naked woman?The organizers of Catharsis on the Mall are planning to have a 45-foot-tall statue of a naked woman near the Washington Monument for several months.The National Park Services confirmed to FOX 5 it received and was reviewing a public gathering permit application for Catharsis on the Mall which would include erecting a 45-foot tall statue of a naked woman.Organizers for the event said the statue, called  R-Evolution,  is  a woman standing in her strength and power  expressing her humanity; how she feels when she is safe, when she can just be. It was created by artist Marco Cochrane in collaboration with model Deja Solis and was first featured at Burning Man, an annual festival held in the Black Rock Desert in Nevada, back in 2015, according to organizers.Catharsis on the Mall said it would like to have the statue next to the Washington Monument looking at the White House beginning Nov. 9 and lasting through March 2018.Via: Fox5NY",0
17865,WATCH: FEMALE CAB DRIVER Entering Mandalay Bay Casino Property Records Video That Appears To Capture Gun Fire From More Than One Location,"Cori Langdon, a Las Vegas cab driver recorded her harrowing experience as she entered the Mandalay Bay Casino at about the same time gunshots were first being fired into the crowd at the Rt 91 country music festival in Las Vegas.Langdon was using her phone to videotape, as she was pulling into the Mandalay Bay Casino, when she heard gunshots. She can be heard telling the dispatch operator for her cab service that she hears what  sounds like automatic gunfire.  Cori Langdon hears more gun fire, and tells her dispatch operator that the gun shots sound like they re coming from a completely different area:  Now it sounds like its coming from farther away. After listening to Langdon s video recording of the event as it unfolded, one can t help but wonder if it s possible there was more than one shooter. Automatic gunshots are still being heard from the cab. Langdon tells her dispatch person:  Somethings going on. I m not sure why people aren t  running, but. There s a security guard, what s he doing? Ya know, for there being gunfire, it sure doesn t seem like people are runnin .  Oh, shit! Seriously? I don t know what s goin  on? Where are the cops at? I m right here by the porch of Mandalay Bay, and everything seems to be normal here.  More and more rapid-fire gunshots are heard. The radio dispatcher replies,  Remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. And everything seems normal when it s not. Langdon and the other drivers are then warned by another driver that claims he just got details from the metro police at the airport,  Do not go to Mandalay Bay!  Langdon then says she s leaving,  I m leaving. I don t know why people aren t leaving. This is insane. Everyone s just standing around, it doesn t seem like anybody s uh  moving.   She then gets a message on her radio telling her,  Shots fired.  They don t even know the details yet. I just talked to the Metro here at the airport and they re still getting the details, but there s multiple injuries and uh (inaudible) That s all they re saying though.  They re saying stay away from there, uh, they re shutting the whole place down. Langdon continues to have a conversation with her dispatch people on the radio in her car. She is remarkably calm amongst the chaos going on around her.  Langdon tells dispatch,  Alright, I m oughta here , as she speculates that she believes the shots are coming from the 10th floor of the hotel.  As she s attempting to leave the premises, some panicked concertgoers, who appear to be injured, enter her cab at the Mandalay Bay Casino. The passengers get into the car screaming,  Broken leg, broken leg! Drive, broken leg! Let s go, let s go Langdon asks the passenger where they want to go, to which they reply,  Anywhere! Langdon asks the passengers,  Is there somebody out there?  to which the passengers reply,   Yes, yes, and active shooter. The passengers reply,  Heck yeah! Go, go, go! Langdon:  Oh, oh, and active shooter? Alright. Passengers:  Go, go, go! Langdon:  Go, okay. Alright, alright. Oh g*d, alright, there is an active shooter then. The female passenger replies:  Yes, so many people are dead! Langdon asks:  Are you kidding me? The passengers appear to be in pain and are screaming in the back seat.Langdon yells at them: Okay, close the door, close the door! The passengers yell:  Okay, lock the doors! Go, go, please drive! Langdon:  Oh my g*d, okay. Alright, alright, I m going, I m going, okay. Oh shit! Where are we going? The male passenger is freaking out and asks:  Are you going as fast as you can? Are you f*cking videotaping this?Langdon replied:  Yeah, I am. I didn t know it was so bad! Okay. The female passenger implored Langdon to get out of the area:  Thousands of people are dead! Everybody s dead, c mon! and  go!  and get out of the area.Next, the passengers begin to panic, as Langdon isn t leaving the scene fast enough, not understanding how many people are running in front of her cab to get away from the scene.Langdon calmly drives people out of the scene as she relays the situation to her dispatch unit, and the passengers relay the horrific scene of dead people everywhere! to their parents on their cell phones.Watch:",0
17866,JIMMY KIMMEL: Republicans ‘Should Be Praying for God to Forgive Them’ For Las Vegas Massacre,"Late-night TV host Jimmy Kimmel opened his program Monday with a ten-minute political rant about Sunday s mass murder in Las Vegas, saying  now is the time for political debate  about gun control.Dismissing as inadequate calls for prayers for the victims by President Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), the Jimmy Kimmel Live host said:  they should be praying for God to forgive them for letting the gun lobby run this country. Kimmel railed against lawmakers who  won t do anything about this because the NRA has their balls in a money clip,  insisting that their  thoughts and your prayers are insufficient. The comic responded to those saying there was nothing that could have been done to stop Sunday s attack.  I disagree with that intensely,  Kimmel said,  because of course there s something we can do about it.   BreitbartMeanwhile, reports are coming out that Kimmel has increased his security detail  which consists of highly-trained, off-duty police officers.According to a report from The Blast on Monday, late night host Jimmy Kimmel has been bulking up on his security for his Jimmy Kimmel Live! show tapings, including the addition of  highly-trained, off-duty police officers  at both the front and back entrances. Per the report:Sources close to the show tell The Blast that ever since Kimmel re-ignited his campaign against the Republicans  health care proposals, the comedian has had some issues with protestors at the show.We re told the show has responded by adding security to the tapings   increasing personnel at both the front and back entrances. ",0
17867,PRESIDENT TRUMP WEIGHS Executive Order On WELFARE REFORM: If You’re an Able Bodied American Who Wants A Paycheck…Find A Job,"Trump administration officials are mulling an executive order that would instruct federal agencies to review low-income assistance programs, part of a coming effort to make sweeping changes to the country s welfare system.The White House began circulating a draft order to federal agencies for comment last week, according to two administration officials, who were granted anonymity to discuss the internal deliberations.One of the officials said the draft order calls on agencies to review existing regulations and propose new rules that conform to a set of broad welfare principles, including tighter work requirements that encourage recipients to shift back into the labor force.The order also calls for streamlining or eliminating duplicative services and establishing metrics for holding agencies accountable for program performance. It also encourages greater cooperation with state and local governments.  PoliticoIf Americans are serious about helping to raise up the lower and middle class in America, it must start with jobs. President Trump has made a serious commitment to keeping American companies and manufacturing in America. If the US government continues to pay people to stay home, those jobs won t be worth fighting to keep here.A study by the NBES shows a correlation between parents who are welfare dependent and their children who are more likely to also become government dependents: If parents become welfare dependents, the likelihood of their children eventually becoming welfare recipients also increases. Specifically, when parents are awarded DI, the likelihood that one of their adult children will participate in DI rises by 5 percentage points over the next five years, and 11 percentage points over the next decade. These findings suggest that a more stringent screening policy for DI benefits would not only reduce payouts to current applicants, but would also have long-run effects on participation rates and program costs. The results underscore how important accounting for intergenerational effects can be when making projections of how participation rates and program costs may be affected by program reforms.One of our favorite videos was made in the city of Detroit that shamelessly glorifies the benefits of an EBT card, a government assistance program that was initially created to provide food for low-income families. Like most other government handout programs, the card is now used like a credit card for gas and other products unrelated to food. President Trump is likely going to spur anger and hate like we haven t seen before if he pulls the plug on welfare assistance for Americans who have been trapped in a government dependancy program in exchange for votes by Democrats for generations.When generation after generation of Americans stop having the desire to earn a living, this is the result: ",0
17868,LADY GAGA BLAMES President Trump and Paul Ryan For #LasVegas Shootings…Tweets Congress Has “Blood on the hands”,"Lady Gaga and Julianne Moore are speaking out after the horrific terror attack that left at least 58 people dead and 515 injured in Las Vegas on Sunday night.The Hollywood stars both took to Twitter on Monday, demanding that politicians get to work on enacting stricter gun control laws in the wake of the tragedy, which is now the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.I mourn this senseless loss of life. What will it take, #Congress, for you to act? @Everytown @MomsDemand #endgunviolence https://t.co/6HpuWk9ZLe  Julianne Moore (@_juliannemoore) October 2, 2017 Cheap sound bites don t protect innocent lives,  read a tweet on Moore s account, as she pointed out this is the eighth mass shooting just this year.It s okay to use guns in violent movies that make money for actresses like the hypocrite, Julianne Moore (see photo below), it s just not okay with her for everyday Americans to use guns to hunt or in self-defense.Lady Gaga took a more direct approach in getting her message out, tweeting at the President and Speaker of the House while stating that  blood in on the hands  of the men and women of Congress.Prayers are important but @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump blood is on the hands of those who have power to legislate. #GunControl act quickly. https://t.co/bXZQ7enuEp  xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) October 2, 2017Shortly after Lady Gaga blamed President Trump and Congress for the deaths of at least 58 and over 500 injured concertgoers in Las Vegas, she tweeted that she was trying to  connect us all through inner peace.  Wow! How most Americans don t need that kind of sick  inner peace. My intention is to connect us all through inner peace. I believe we can calm inflammation in the world   by calming each other. #meditation pic.twitter.com/6cUbvdsW09  xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) October 2, 2017Gun control Gaga is no stranger to using guns on stage as props, in fact, she s used them quite regularly, but who s counting in Hollywood? After all, it s not about what celebrities do with guns, it s what the little people (the ones who watch their movies and purchase their music) do with guns that matters to them Nice gun Gaga Gaga is clearly crazy for guns on stage Nice Rolling Stones cover Gaga where d you get the guns?In addition to offering up their condolences and prayers, President Trump and Speaker Ryan also ordered that all flags be flown at half-mast to pay tribute to the victims.That was not enough however for Gaga, who when first commenting on the attack wrote:  This is terrorism plain and simple.Terror bares no race, gender or religion. Democrats & Republicans please unite now #guncontrol. Daily Mail ",0
17869,FOX HOST Calls Hillary ‘A Blight On Her Party’ After Her Response To #LasVegas Massacre [Video],"The first thing that comes to mind when you think of Hillary Clinton s response to the Las Vegas shooting is that she s gone on twitter and removed all doubt that she s clueless when it comes to guns and gun control. What s even more unbelievable is she wasted no time politicizing this horrific event while asking everyone else not to: We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again. She tweeted out several times just digging herself a deeper hole with her ignorance and lack of compassion for the victims: Her first tweet let us know she s clueless about the particular weapon used in this crime:The second tweet was another dig at the NRA and Clinton has the nerve to say we need to  put politics aside  when she isn t:Fox News host Christ Stirewalt said what everyone is thinking GO AWAY!:",0
17870,WOW! Social Media FREAKS OUT Over What’s Behind MARIAH CAREY During #LasVegas Shooting Interview With Piers Morgan [VIDEO],"Good Morning Britain viewers have been left baffled by pop diva Mariah Carey s appearance on Monday s installment following the breaking news of a shooting in Las Vegas.The 47-year-old hitmaker was due to chat to host Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid about her upcoming Christmas shows in London and Paris before news broke about the shocking incident at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival   which so far has claimed the lives of 50 people and left more than 400 injured.Appearing in a live feed from her Beverly Hills home, Mariah was seen stretched out across a chaise longue in a red gown as the British TV presenters asked her about the attack near the Mandalay Bay Resort and Hotel.The Grammy award-winning singer is no stranger to the world-renowned Vegas strip, having held residency at Caesars Palace s the Colosseum in recent years.Despite admitting she didn t know enough about the attack, Mariah shared her condolences to all who were affected.Following the interview, GMB s Piers took to social media to explain that Mariah s reps knew that they would ask her about the horrific attack.Writing to his 6.12million followers, he retweeted a comment that criticized the interview and added:  We told Mariah s people before the interview. Her reaction seemed very relevant given she s a performer who often resides in Vegas.  Daily MailAlthough fans have come to expect that whenever Mariah is being interviewed, that she will make her viewers uncomfortable, this latest interview with Piers Morgan has created a bit of a social media meltdown. Social media users couldn t get over how Mariah was draped across the sofa like she was posing for a glamorous magazine shoot during the morning talk show.  It was the CHRISTMAS tree in the background, however, that had everyone really questioning her sanity.   Piers Morgan cleared up the confusion about the Christmas tree when he told viewers that,  Mariah was booked to do an interview about her UK Christmas tour.  So without addressing the elephant or Christmas tree if you will, in the room, Morgan was able to explain (kind of) why Mariah Carey was propped up on her couch with a lighted Christmas tree behind her during the first official week of fall ",0
17871,"WOW! CONSERVATIVE SINGER KAYA JONES, Who Received Death Threats For Supporting PRESIDENT TRUMP Was On #LasVegas Stage Last Night With Jason Aldean","Kaya Jones, aka Chrystal Neria, the former member of The Pussycat Dolls, was on stage last night with Jason Aldean in Las Vegas. She was not on stage when the 64-year old shooter opened fire on the crowd below in what is now the worst mass shooting in U.S. history.We were all on that stage tonight. Every kind of American was in attendance. Moments later people where shot.It could have been us.  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 2, 2017Only 2 weeks ago, Kaya Jones and Joy Villa were forced to cancel their appearance at the Free Speech Week event in Berkeley, CA over what they called  serious  and  specific  death threats on both of their lives.Authorities are still working to uncover a motive for the horrific shooting attack that left 50 people dead and over 200 people wounded by gunshots. Meanwhile, the fact that Kaya Jones was on the same stage where the mass shooting took place after receiving several serious death threats cannot and should not be overlooked.  The hateful and vile rhetoric by Hollywood, by our so-called educators, by Democrats in Congress and by leftist hate groups like Black Lives Matter and Antifa for our President and any American who dares to support him, has reached a fever-pitch.Watch as Kaya Jones and Joy Villa tell Sean Hannity how their lives have been threatened and how Hollywood liberals and YouTube have been punishing both of them for supporting President Trump.Watch:Here is Kaya s periscope message to her fans and friends, where she lets them know she is okay after the unimaginable violent act by the now deceased 64-yr. old who we will intentionally not name.https://t.co/xdV8PMifOd  KAYA (@KayaJones) October 2, 2017Watch, as Hollywood does their part to inspire hatred for our President.",0
17872,LIBERAL TEACHER’S Social Media Message Goes VIRAL: “Lots of white trump supporters in Las Vegas” Asks Liberals To “Pray Only Trumptards Died”,"Anyone who is not yet convinced that liberalism is a mental disorder hasn t been on social media since President Trump s inauguration. Every day the hateful rhetoric is ramped up by liberals who are no longer able to function in everyday society since they ve been afflicted with Trump derangement syndrome.Hollywood celebrities are holding up severed heads of our President. Has been pop-stars like Madonna say things like they d like to  blow up  the White House. Black Lives Matter has inspired an entire league of overpaid professional NFL athletes to turn what was a movement against our brave law enforcement officers into an anti-American, anti-Trump movement. Only two days ago on the SNL Resistance show, Michael Che called President Trump a  cheap cracker .This tweet by a woman who claims to be a  teacher, mother, sister and woman  may not even come as a surprise to anyone who follows the hatred vitriol the left spews every day on social media. Sadly, this woman didn t even have the common courtesy to keep her disgusting hate for anyone who doesn t agree with her politics in her shallow little head.Ann#TheResistance has deleted her Twitter account. If anyone knows this woman, it would be great if you could contact the school where she works, as it appears she is not stable enough to be left alone with children who may hold opposing political views.",0
17873,LOL! RADIO STATION HOSTS Car Wash For Veterans…Uses NFL Jerseys To Wash Cars,"An online radio station based out of Oklahoma gave veterans free car washes with the NFL treatment on Saturday. Volunteers at the event used NFL jerseys and other sports gear to wash down veterans  vehicles for three hours as a response to NFL players protesting the national anthem before games. We met some great people, heard some wonderful stories from the veterans and their spouses,  Blake Wolney, owner of the rock station Bladerunner Radio, told KOCO in an email.Wolney said that radio station employees came up with the idea after thinking about how to create an event that would help people in need and start a trend on social media. We started off with the idea of doing an ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, and we thought we ll take a bunch of NFL gear and destroy it and start it on fire and burn and donate money to veterans, like they do with ALS,  Wolney said Friday.  And then we thought, you know, there s so much negativity and animosity the way it is. Instead of burning the merchandise, they came up with the idea of using NFL jerseys and other accessories to wash cars. Breitbart",0
17874,PARKS and REC and JIMMY FALLON Writer Thinks Trump Supporters Should Drink Bleach…Hopes Trump Gets Cancer," When they go low we go high.    Michelle Obama famously used this quote to explain the difference between Democrats and Republicans at the DNC convention. Sadly, the Democrat Party has proven time and time again, that nothing could be further from the truth.Television writer Jen Statsky tweeted Saturday the people who support President Trump should have their children taken away.light reminder that being president of the US means nothing anymore, if you support Trump you should have your children taken away, etc etc  Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) October 1, 2017Yesterday s tweet by the woman who writes for the Parks and Rec show as well as The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, was not the first time she ventured into the bowels of humanity to come up with a vile comment in order to satisfy her angry and vile base of leftist supporters. Here are a couple of examples, starting with the time she thought touring the country looking for fistfights with  people who voted for Trump  might be a  good use  of her time.A tour of the country where I fistfight people who voted for Donald Trump, is that a good use of my time?  Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) January 10, 2017To which, one of her fans replied with an image of a boxing glove lined with barbed wire. How very tolerant. This tweet only confirms what we already know, using violence to fight anyone who disagrees with them is one of the first tenants of being a Democrat:Only if you wear these pic.twitter.com/JXVaR0PMGb  Drew Brown (@brewdrown) January 10, 2017In this tweet, Statsky wishes cancer on Donald Trump, husband, father of 5 and grandfather to 9 grandchildren, and oh yeah, the man most of America chose as their leader.I know things seem grim right now, but let's remain optimistic: maybe Trump will get cancer?  Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) July 25, 2016Once again, Statsky s classy followers didn t disappoint with their responses:The most luxurious tumors you've ever seen.  Cod dependence (@geoffglaab) July 25, 2016In this tweet, Statsky suggests that  if you voted for Trump, you should drink bleach .quick reminder that if you voted for Trump you should drink bleach  Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) May 15, 2017This classy fan suggests Trump supporters could follow up the bleach with a  draino chaser . For anyone who didn t catch it, Drano is spelled incorrectly, but we re pretty sure you already knew anyone who would respond in such a manner isn t the sharpest knife in the drawer anyhow.With a draino chaser  emmalu (@emmalu) May 15, 2017And one last ignorant response from the guy who uses the disgraced pedophile Democrat Anthony Weiner as his profile pic, who just wants to clarify that Statsky is, in fact, wanting  us   to put bleach in their drinks for them, right?  He goes on to call it what it is,  poison terrorism  suggesting they could poison Trump supporters at  those fly-over Old Country Buffets.  One has to wonder  if this guy shouldn t be getting a visit from law enforcement:u want us to put bleach in their drinks for them, right? Inciting poison terrorism at those fly-over country Old Country Buffets  SuperSparky (@SuperSparky101) October 1, 2017h/t Daily Caller ",0
17875,"DEFIANT NFL PLAYERS All Over The Place With Protests…Raise Fists, Kneel and Lock Arms After Trump Tweet To Respect Anthem [Video]","NFL players were pretty much all over the place with what they decided to do to protest today (SEE LIST BELOW). Some players gave the black power salute, while others decided to continue kneeling.  Many teams decided to kneel BEFORE the anthem and then lock arms while standing during the anthem.The fewest players raised a fist with the black power salute They stood out like a sore thumb:The kneeling is still ridiculous even though it s now mostly before the anthem:Daily Mail reported:The entire New Orleans Saints roster briefly took a collective knee prior to the anthem in what quarterback Drew Brees had called  a way to show respect to all . The team then stood and many linked arms.A handful of Buffalo Bills players could be seen kneeling for the anthem ahead of their game against the Atlanta Falcons.Two Detroit Lions players also took to one knee for the anthem before the game against the Minnesota Vikings in Minneapolis. Roughly half the San Francisco 49ers took a knee prior to their game against the Arizona Cardinals.IS IT TOO MUCH TO ASK? Is it too much to ask for these players to just stand with hand over heart for our national anthem? Do they even have a clue about how this idiotic protest began? Kaepernick knelt in support of domestic terror group Black Lives Matter and against our law enforcement. It has now morphed into a salute to eternal victimhood and a protest against President Trump. Of course, the Democrats have jumped on the bandwagon to interpret Trump calling ALL the players  sons of bitches  into a racist word. It s sickening to see that an out of work mediocre football quarterback has caused such a stink for the sinking NFL. Too bad fans are dropping like flies Kaepernick was seen wearing a t-shirt that perfectly describes his effort to be a victim like he wants all blacks to be Me against the world LOL!Here is a list of players and teams that protested during the national anthem:Saints vs. DolphinsThe entire New Orleans Saints team took a knee in solidarity before the national anthem played at Wembley Stadium in London. The players stood in unison for the playing of the anthem.Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas of the Miami Dolphins took a knee during the performance.Steelers vs. RavensThe Ravens took a knee before the national anthem and were booed by fans. No Steelers or Ravens players took a knee during the anthem.Titans vs. TexansTexans players linked arms during the national anthem but all stood together.Rishard Matthews of the Titans remained in the locker room rather than stand with his teammates during the anthem.Panthers vs. PatriotsThe Patriots stood at the sideline at attention several minutes before the national anthem and then put their hands over their hearts and each other.Lions vs. VikingsJalen Reeves-Maybin and Steve Longa kneeled during the national anthem. All other Detroit players locked arms.Jaguars vs. JetsThe Jets locked arms for the national anthem. No player kneeled. Every Jaguars player took a knee before the playing of the national anthem but stood during the song.Bills vs. FalconsKaelin Clay, Cedric Thornton, Mike Tolbert, Shareece Wright, Taiwan Jones and Jerel Worthy were the Bills players who knelt during the national anthem. The rest of the players stood with their arms locked.Last week, Grady Jarrett and Dontari Poe took a knee during the national anthem but stood during this week. No Falcons players were kneeling during the national anthem. Most of them on the sidelines linked arms.Rams vs. CowboysAll Rams and Cowboys players stood during the national anthem. Dallas remains one of six teams not to kneel, sit or raise a fist during the national anthem. Rams outside linebacker Robert Quinn raised his fist. Cowboys defensive end Damontre Moore raised his fist as the anthem ended.49ers vs. CardinalsHalf of the 49ers team kneeled with general manager John Lynch and CEO Jed York during the national anthem. The team issued the following statement after the demonstration:READ MORE: SI ",0
17876,FRANCE’S INTERIOR MINISTER Makes INSANE Statement After ANTI-TERROR MARKSMAN Guns Down Man Shouting “ALLAHU AKBAR” KILLS Two Young Females With Butcher Knife,"A man shouting  Allahu Akbar  has stabbed two women to death with a butcher s knife before being gunned down by soldiers in Marseille.The victims, aged 17 and 20, suffered horrific injuries during the  frenzied  attack, with one slashed in the throat and the other stabbed in the chest and stomach.Eyewitnesses told how a man  dressed in black  launched himself at the two women, who screamed for their lives as others ran for safety.The assailant was gunned down by soldiers who were on patrol inside Saint Charles train station at the time as part of France s ongoing state of emergency.The suspect, thought to be aged 25 to 30, was known to authorities for common law crimes while analysis of his fingerprints came up with several aliases.Photographs from the scene showed a woman lying on the ground and armed police standing over the attacker. A white sheet was later placed over his body.In a tweet, President Emmanuel Macron said:  Deeply outraged by this barbaric act, in pain with the families and relatives of the victims of Marseille. I hail the Operation Sentinelle soldiers and the police forces who reacted with extreme calmness and efficiency. Marseille mayor Jean-Claude Gaudin said he believed the incident to be a  terrorist attack , while interior minister G rard Collomb said it  could be  related to terror.A police source added: [ The stabbings were] frenzied and took place in front of lots of witnesses. The man first shouted threats and then launched into the two women. The two were killed by a knife, and then soldiers on anti-terrorism duties intervened. They shot the man dead. He added that the suspect shouted Allahu Akbar   Arab for  God is the Greatest    during the attack.He was estimated to be aged between 25 to 30 years and no had no identification papers on him.The soldiers were part of Operation Sentinel, a wide-ranging security operation involving armed patrols dispersed all over France.It is thought to be the latest in a long series of Islamic State atrocities across France and the rest of Europe. -Daily Mail ",0
17877,GWU STUDENTS ASK: Is There A Bias Against Conservative Women On Campus? [Video],"Campus Reform partnered with The Network of Enlightened Women (NEW) to ask students at George Washington University what they think of conservative women and whether or not they re treated differently on campus. The answers are disturbing. While the left preaches tolerance, they don t tolerate conservative women AT ALL! People don t respect conservative women is the comment heard over and over You re an idiot The more conservative you come across the more people will be harsh towards you.    Liberal Female College Student This goes against everything the left and feminists claim to be for They re exposing themselves as intolerant and hateful. They are what they say they hate ironic, huh?Caroline Hakes is interviewing the students and gives a first-hand account of what it s like to be a conservative female:I grew up in a suburb of Atlanta, an area that is predominantly red, in a Christian, conservative home. I may come from a staunchly conservative family, but anyone who knows me knows my views are my own, although being raised in a home in which hard work and responsibility are expected has surely been a contributing factor to my beliefs.I found my conservative voice in high school, as I realized many of my friends who had come from the same conservative backgrounds as my own were rejecting those views in favor of the flashy rhetoric of the left, especially the third-wave feminist movement. At a surface level, the feminist movement seemed great; who could be against equality for women? What I quickly discovered, however, was that the feminist message of inclusion and advancement did not apply if I did not share their liberal views. I was seeking a community of women who felt left out by the feminist movement in the same way I did.  Tweet ThisI am from Georgia s Sixth Congressional District, and if you follow the news, you will remember that Rep. Karen Handel won a close race and became the first woman to represent Georgia from the GOP. As a female conservative, I was thrilled. The growth of female representation in politics is something to be celebrated. Yet the attacks from liberal women would not stop. Why? Handel s a conservative.So, why am I conservative? Certainly not because it s easy or trendy. I believe in putting what is right over what is popular. I support strengthening our military and making it clear to both our allies and enemies that we will defend freedom and democracy throughout the world. I think the First Amendment was first for a reason; guaranteeing that opposing viewpoints may be heard, that different religions may be practiced, and that protests may be safely organized is vital to preserving the dignity of every human being. I believe free markets should prevail and that hard work should be duly rewarded.Finally, I stand behind the idea of putting America first by prioritizing our country s interests, we can set an example to other nations and truly be the beacon of opportunity and freedom our Founders intended to create.Going into my freshman year at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., I was uncertain about what the campus environment would be like for a conservative like myself. While there s no question that my school is overwhelmingly liberal, I ve found a home in the small but strong conservative community on campus.I joined several conservative groups, but I joined the Network of Enlightened Women specifically because I was seeking a community of women who felt left out by the feminist movement in the same way I did. They are witty, kind, passionate, and inspiring. After spending even just an hour with them at our first meeting, I felt empowered by their character and their boldness.Being a part of NeW has made me less timid about expressing my opinions to other students. In the few weeks I have been on campus, I have engaged in intelligent, thoughtful, and civil conversations with my peers who share opposing views. I m proud to be a conservative woman who can hold her own on a liberal campus and discuss her ideas in a constructive manner.While I will always strive to remain civil and understanding, I will never compromise on what I believe. I am proud that people can look at me and say,  She s Conservative. ",0
17878,WATCH: LIBERAL San Juan Mayor Sinks To New Low…ATTACKS Melania Trump In Interview With Anderson Cooper,"How much longer will the citizens of San Juan, Puerto Rico put up with this loudmouth, liberal mayor trashing the leader of the nation who is bending over backward to ensure the delivery of much-needed food, water, and aid to bankrupt Puerto Rico? Americans are sick and tired of San Juan s Mayor Carmen Yul n Cruz bad-mouthing our President, and now, his wife Melania, every time a liberal network puts a microphone in front of her face.After President Trump s acting DHS Chief gave an optimistic view to reporters of how things were progressing in Puerto Rico, the San Juan mayor lashed out, saying, People are dying in this country. I am begging, begging anyone that can hear us, to save us from dying. If anybody out there is listening to us, we are dying, and you are killing us with the inefficiency and the bureaucracy. On Monday, President Trump took to Twitter to criticize Mayor Cruz for  poor leadership ability.  Trump also claimed that the island s leaders want  everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Daily Caller   San Juan Mayor Carmen Yul n Cruz insisted Saturday that she had,  no time for small politics or for comments    less than two minutes before attacking President Trump.On  CNN Newsroom With Ana Cabrera,  Cruz told Anderson Cooper,  I smiled. Really,  in response to President Trump s tweets about her. I have no time for small politics or for comments that really don t add to the situation here,  she added.Just about a minute later in the interview, Cooper said,  the President also says in a tweet early this morning that you had been nice to him early on but that Democrats told you, you have to be nasty towards him. Mayor Cruz responded to Andersen Cooper by taking a swipe at First Lady Melania Trump, saying,  I don t know. Maybe he s used to women who have to be told what to do. That s not who we are in San Juan. Watch:In a 2014 interview, Cruz revealed her feelings about how she believed that woman in politics can t play  nice ,  Politics is a rough game, and sometimes as females, we are taught that you have to play nice. Sometimes you can t play nice.  When your bankrupt country is in desperate need of help, and the nation you are relying on for that help has a leader who is bending over backward to save you, it s probably not the right time to not  play nice. ",0
17879,THOUSANDS Of Containers ROTTING At San Juan Port After STRIKING Union Drivers Allegedly REFUSE To Deliver Goods…LIBERAL Mayor Has Some Explaining To Do,"San Juan s mayor railed against President Trump s acting DHS Secretary for expressing optimism about the progress the US has made in their relief efforts for residents of Puerto Rico. San Juan s mayor, Carmin Yulin Cruz, used CNN as a vehicle to criticize the efforts of the US in getting much-needed supplies to the residents of San Juan. Only hours after the mayor of San Juan criticized the efforts of the Trump administration, tweets from the Mayor of San Juan, (that were sent out before Hurricane Maria) surfaced on Twitter responding to Hillary s tweet, as she trashed President Trump, saying he  doesn t deserve to be President. .@realDonaldTrump hater, the Mayor of San Juan   is the perfect example of an opportunistic politician. Go ask PR Gov about responsiveness. pic.twitter.com/us3p78P9zK  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) September 30, 2017Now, the truth about why those thousands of containers filled with supplies are allegedly not getting to the citizens is revealed, and the truth is, it has nothing to do with President Trump or our DHS Conservative Treehouse   Puerto Rican born and raised, Colonel Michael A. Valle ( Torch ), Commander, 101st Air and Space Operations Group, and Director of the Joint Air Component Coordination Element, 1st Air Force, responsible for Hurricane Maria relief efforts, has the following comment: They have the generators, water, food, medicine, and fuel on the ground, yet the supplies are not moving across the island as quickly as they re needed.Col. Valle is a firsthand witness of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) response supporting FEMA in Puerto Rico, and as a Puerto Rican himself with family members living in the devastation, his passion for the people is second to none.  It s just not true,  Col. Valle says of the major disconnect today between the perception of a lack of response from Washington verses what is really going on on the ground.  I have family here. My parents  home is here. My uncles, aunts, cousins, are all here. As a Puerto Rican, I can tell you that the problem has nothing to do with the U.S. military, FEMA, or the DoD. It s a lack of drivers for the transport trucks, the 18 wheelers. Supplies we have. Trucks we have. There are ships full of supplies, backed up in the ports, waiting to have a vehicle to unload into. However, only 20% of the truck drivers show up to work. These are private citizens in Puerto Rico, paid by companies that are contracted by the government .. (link)Colonel Valle blames the conditions of the roads for the lack of truck drivers to move supplies around Puerto Rico, but the video below tells another story.The ports are so full of relief supplies they can t fit any more in the available space. CNBC ground report confirms Colonel Valle s ground report. WATCH:The reason for truck drivers not showing up? The Puerto Rican Teamsters Union, Frente Amplio, is refusing to move the product.Thomas Wictor shared a video of an interview between a man (he calls  the toothless guy ) and a reporter. Wictor translates their conversation in several tweets that are found below the video: (1) Well, I didn't think it was true, but it is: Puerto Rican truck drivers are refusing to work.https://t.co/obMCPH2NtA  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(13) I didn't think it would be possible for a union to go on strike during a national emergency, but it happened.Stunning, really.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(12) There you have it.As I said before: This is ALL THE FAULT OF PUERTO RICO.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(11) Since the country doesn't care about truckers, the truckers won't help.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(10) The governor didn't understand the suffering of the working man, so now the truckers will show the country what suffering is.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(9) This is all the governor's fault, the toothless guy says. He passed a law, and now he has to live with it.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(8) Three weeks earlier, nobody cared about the plight of the truckers, so now the truckers don't care about the country.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(7) The toothless guy says the truckers are not responsible for helping the country. That's the governor's job.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(5) The reporters says, ""But all this stuff is in the past. In the present, it's an emergency.""  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(4) The toothless guy says that the governor's policies have impacted truckers, so now truckers will show the country THEIR OWN suffering.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(3) The reporter CONFIRMS that the truck drivers are refusing to work in order to get revenge on the governor.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017(2) The toothless guy is complaining about a law that the governor passed three weeks ago.  Thomas Wictor (@ThomasWictor) October 1, 2017",0
17880,WATCH: TEACHER MAKES EXAMPLE OF 10-YR Old Boys Because They Stood With Their Hands Over Their Hearts For Pledge of Allegiance,"Two students at a metro Atlanta elementary school say they were singled out for what they did during the Pledge of Allegiance. Tuesday morning at Orrs Elementary School, 10-year-old Jason Newberry said he and one classmate put their hand over their heart while reciting the Pledge of Allegiance. He said when they did, others in the class called them names. Me and him got called KKK, Nazi, and we just kept getting bullied the whole day,  said Newberry.Newberry said it wasn t until his second-period teacher showed them a news clip of NFL players kneeling that he realized the present controversy surrounding the flag.The teacher made a poll on paper and passed it out to all the students to see what they thought was right or wrong about taking a knee. The teacher even told students that she would never stand for the Pledge of Allegiance and that if she did stand she would not really mean it.A spokesperson for Spalding School District tells CBS46 the assignment was supposed to be a lesson on First Amendment Rights, but they wouldn t say if the teacher was disciplined for her comments.In a letter sent home to parents Wednesday, the teacher wrote the following: I apologize for expressing my views to my students. I recognize that while this was not a one-sided lesson, the topic itself and the expression of my views were not appropriate, my intentions were well-meaning.Parents say they plan to stand with their children Thursday morning in front of the school s flagpole when the National Anthem is recited over the loudspeaker.  CBS46Watch here:CBS46 News h/t Silence is Consent ",0
17881,SAN JUAN Mayor’s “NASTY” Secret Reveals REAL Reason She Criticized Comments Made By President Trump’s DHS Secretary," Last week, President Trump made a public announcement to Americans and Hurricane Maria victims of the bankrupt nation of Puerto Rico. President Trump used his address to assure Puerto Rican s that America s are committed to doing whatever is necessary to help them recover from the unimaginable disaster. Trump went on to clarify,  We are with you, we will stay with you and we will come back stronger than ever. We are sending tremendous amounts of supplies, tremendous amounts of food and water, and we are sending people to help. POTUS' @realDonaldTrump on Hurricane Response Efforts in #PuertoRico on Instagram, part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address. https://t.co/dIfYMIztnn pic.twitter.com/oBNykqk11W  Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) September 29, 2017President Trump, who is in the midst of dealing with his third simultaneous disaster took to Twitter to congratulate the efforts of our military and first responders for the  amazing job  they re doing  despite no electric, roads, phones, etc. The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017President Trump also retweeted a video shared by the US Coast Guard, sharing their efforts to help those in need of help in Puerto Rico:.@USCG crews worked together with the @RedCross, @fema, and members of local #police, #fire and #government to distribute disaster #relief supplies, food rations and #water in Rio Grande, #PuertoRico, yesterday, following #Hurricane #Maria. Full video https://t.co/4NtrRuY0HQ pic.twitter.com/QVcmuvBdpt  USCGSoutheast (@USCGSoutheast) September 30, 2017President Trump shared a video on Twitter that was posted by Dan Scavino, explaining the progress the US Navy is making in helping deliver medical goods and services to the citizens of Puerto Rico:#USNSComfort en route to #PuertoRico, from Norfolk, Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts.   pic.twitter.com/HWkyFXw7uw  Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) September 30, 2017Trump s Homeland Security chief echoed Trump s comments about the hard work and efforts of our military and first responders when she told reporters that the government s response to Hurricane Maria was a  good news story. San Juan s Mayor, who is relying on the efforts of President Trump and donations from American citizens, used her opportunity on Fake News CNN to trash President Trump and the efforts of his homeland security.President Trump hit back after Puerto Rican Mayor Carmin Yulin Cruz used her platform on leftist CNN to criticize America s efforts in aiding the victims of Puerto Rico:The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Trump took it a step further and exposed the  poor leadership  of the Mayor, who, according to President Trump is not getting the workers of Puerto Rico to help with the aid and rebuilding efforts, suggesting they want everything done for them and are not willing to contribute. Trump suggested it should be a  community effort  as opposed to American military and first responders doing all of the work. Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Again, Trump praised the efforts of Americans who are helping the Puerto Ricans:The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017Mayor Cruz boasted about the response she got from private individuals after she trashed President Trump s Homeland Security efforts. Joy Reid on MSNBC:  Actually, I was asking for help. I wasn t saying anything nasty about the president, but don t take my word for it. Cruz then referenced 3-star General Buchanan who claimed that he  doesn t have enough troops and he doesn t have enough equipment of what he needs to get the situation under control. Shortly after the Mayor took to the leftist MSNBC news outlet to make clear that this is not a political issue, Dan Scavino Jr., revealed a dirty little secret about the Mayor, who has a history of tweeting hateful comments about President TRump even before the hurricane hit Puerto Rico. In this tweet shared by Dan Scavino Jr., Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz openly states on Twitter that  Trump does not deserve to be President .@realDonaldTrump hater, the Mayor of San Juan   is the perfect example of an opportunistic politician. Go ask PR Gov about responsiveness. pic.twitter.com/us3p78P9zK  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) September 30, 2017Scavino then went on to share the Governor of Puerto Rico s comments about the America s responsiveness to the disaster relief efforts:""The president and the administration, every time we ve asked them to execute, they ve executed quickly."" Governor of Puerto Rico  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) September 30, 2017Perhaps Puerto Rico s mayor thought she could get away with criticizing President Trump and no one would ever find out about her open disdain for our President. Social media, however, has a way of coming back to haunt people like Mayor Cruz. Shame on her for putting politics before the people of Puerto Rico who are so desperate for help.Hopefully, the residents of Puerto Rico won t be affected by the nasty mayor s comments. They deserve better. Maybe in the next election, they ll get someone to represent them who isn t so stupid as to make the matter of their survival a political issue. ",0
17882,WATCH: FOOTBALL GREAT Hershel Walker Gives NFL Kneelers One Perfect Piece of Advice [Video],"Football legend Herschel Walker weighed in on the NFL kneeling controversy giving the players one key piece of advice KEEP IT OFF THE FIELD!  Walker says Donald Trump is RIGHT when it comes to standing for the national anthem and that Commissioner Rodger Goodell needs to take control of the situation.The viral video above shows Walker lending his support to Trump. He happens to be a personal friend who worked for the president and was on Trump s hit show  The Apprentice .He criticized both the players who have decided to kneel and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell for allowing the protests:  I think it means making a league-wide rule that if you want to protest, protest off the job,  Walker said.  Where was everyone before the season started? I didn t see anyone protesting in front of the White House, protesting in front of Congress or protesting in front of police officers. Why did we wait until football season to start this again? If you re behind it, you have to be behind it all the way  If you want to protest, protest off the job. He stated that  anthem protests weren t the way to change anything and said everyone needs to stand out of respect: We can t just point the finger at one person, and most of all you can t point it at the president.  BRAVO!Via: TMZ ",0
17883,WATCH: LA’s WNBA Team Thought It Would Be A Good Idea To Stay In Locker Room For National Anthem…The Crowd BLASTED Them With BOOS When They Returned,"During game 1 of the WNBA Finals, the LA Sparks WNBA Nneka Ogwumike claimed to be inspired by the cowardly act of Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomlin, when he chose to hide from the cameras rather than take a stand one way or the other on the national anthem, and stayed in the tunnel during the playing of the national anthem:The LA Sparks will take the lead of Steelers coach Mike Tomlin today, Nneka Ogwumike said, and stay in the locker room during the anthem.  Lindsey Thiry (@LindseyThiry) September 24, 2017Meanwhile, the Minnesota Lynx team showed their disrespect for the national anthem by linking arms in protest while it was being played.The LA Sparks team stayed in the locker room.The scene at Game 1 of the WNBA Finals. The Lynx link arms during the anthem, the Sparks stay in the locker room. pic.twitter.com/jckFULAvux  Lindsey Thiry (@LindseyThiry) September 24, 2017In game 2 of the WNBA Finals, the LA Sparks decided to leave the floor and head to the locker room for the national anthem. They were booed as they left the floor.Sparks booed as they leave the floor for the playing of the national anthem here in Minneapolis.  Lindsey Thiry (@LindseyThiry) September 27, 2017The LA Sparks were booed again as they returned from the locker room:Sparks booed as they retake the floor after the singing of the national anthem in Minneapolis. pic.twitter.com/upZTj4bDMb  Lindsey Thiry (@LindseyThiry) September 27, 2017",0
17884,WHOA! DID OPRAH JUST THROW Her Hat In The Ring To Challenge Donald Trump In 2020?,"Democrats have the perfect weapon to take down Donald Trump in 2020, according to a conservative columnist: Oprah. The famed black media proprietor and TV host was thrown into the political mix on Thursday when an op-ed in the New York Post suggested she is  uniquely positioned, should she wish to commit herself, to seek the Democratic nomination for president and challenge Trump in 2020. John Podhoretz, a never-Trump advocate and former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, shared his essay on Twitter   and Oprah answered. Thanks for your VOTE of confidence!  she wrote back in a tweet.@jpodhoretz Thanks for your VOTE of confidence!Democrats  best hope for 2020: Oprah | New York Post https://t.co/tvt82v8cMH  Oprah Winfrey (@Oprah) September 28, 2017Podhoretz replied:  Give it a shot, what, would it kill you? Some of the replies to Oprah s response were less than positive:Oh hell no! I am a liberal Democrat. The last thing we need in the White House is another narcissist.  Steve Tharp (@stharpus) September 29, 2017NO NO NO pic.twitter.com/sGRNm47oMw  big water   (@hannahtraining) September 29, 2017Winfrey starred Sunday in a  60 Minutes  segment that had her conducting a focus group of Michigan voters, assessing the range of their political opinions.Asked about impressions of Trump, their answers ranged from  every day I love him more and more  to  he s a horrible president. Oprah listened, reflected their answers, and tried not to judge.Podhoretz wrote that she is the Trump s  mirror image. Daily MailWe re pretty sure that Trump and Oprah are not  mirror images . For one, Trump is not a race-obsessed and gender obsessed Democrat. Watch:Who can forget the interview Oprah did with Donald Trump on her show when she asked him if he d ever considering running for President. At the time of the interview, Donald J. Trump knew more about the real world and how it works, than Oprah, whose knowledge about how things work in the world ended with her Chicago set, and her on-stage couch where she practiced amateur psychology for decades in front of adoring fans. ",0
17885,MELANIA FIRES BACK At Disgusting Liberal Librarian Who Called Her Gift Of Books To Students “RACIST”,"First lady Melania Trump fired back Friday at a Massachusetts elementary school librarian who rejected her donation of Dr. Seuss books, claiming their illustrations are examples of  racist propaganda. Stephanie Grisham, director of communications for the first lady s office, said in a statement to Fox News that the response was  unfortunate,  and Mrs. Trump wanted to use her platform  to help as many children as she can. She has demonstrated this in both actions and words since her husband took office, and sending books to children across the country is but one example,  she said.  To turn the gesture of sending young students some books into something divisive is unfortunate, but the First Lady remains committed to her efforts on behalf of children everywhere. To celebrate  National Read a Book Day,  the first lady had sent out a collection of 10 Dr. Seuss books to one school in each state across the nation. The titles included:  The Cat in the Hat ;  One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish ;  Wacky Wednesday ;  Green Eggs and Ham ; and  Oh, the Places You ll Go! She followed in the footsteps of her predecessor, Michelle Obama, who often read Dr. Seuss books to children. Former first ladies Hillary Clinton and Barbara Bush also read to children at Dr. Seuss-themed educational events.Remember when Mooch read Seuss to a room full of kids at the White House? Hmmm was Mooch promoting racism? I wanted to send you a special gift. Dr. Seuss s Oh, the Places You ll Go! is a book my son and I have read over and over again, and one that we want to share with all of you,  the first lady wrote in her letter to students.  Please also remember that you are the future of America and that you can accomplish anything you set your mind to. But despite the gesture, Liz Phipps Soeiro, a librarian at a public school in Cambridge, wrote a letter to the first lady, which was then published on The Horn Book blog, notifying Mrs. Trump that her school would  not be keeping the titles  for their collection, explaining that her school didn t have a  NEED  for the books, due to her school and library s  award-winning  status.  FOX News100 Percent Fed Up  Soeiro on Tuesday penned an editorial for the Horn Book s Family Reading blog explaining why her school did not need the donation. My students have access to a school library with over nine thousand volumes and a librarian with a graduate degree in literary science,  she wrote. Multiple studies show that schools with professionally staffed libraries improve student performance,  Soeiro added.Trump s package reportedly included such Seuss classics as  Green Eggs and Ham,   The Cat in the Hat  and  One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish. Soeiro criticized Seuss for being the only author represented in Trump s donation, citing controversy over some of his illustrations. You may not be aware of this, but Dr. Seuss is a bit of a clich , a tired and worn ambassador for children s literature,  she told Trump. Another fact that many people are unaware of is that Dr. Seuss s illustrations are steeped in racist propaganda, caricatures, and harmful stereotypes. I work in a district that has plenty of resources, which contributes directly to  excellence,  Soeiro wrote.  My students have access to a school library with over nine thousand volumes and a librarian with a graduate degree in library science. Soeiro went on to slam the White House and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos for not gifting the books to  underfunded and underprivileged communities,  which she suggested  continue to be marginalized  by DeVos  policies.But Soeiro seemed to be the most offended by the books themselves.Another FACT that many people are unaware that the HYPOCRITICAL and smug liberal librarian was seen CELEBRATING Dr. Seuss only 2 years ago:Here's D.C. librarian who rejected Melania's Dr. Seuss book donation ""steeped in racist propaganda"" as Cat in Hat. pic.twitter.com/pek3pT5q2W  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 29, 2017",0
17886,WAY TO GO! Sarah Sanders Shuts Down Black Reporter Trying to Make Anthem Protest About Race [Video],"SARAH SANDERS does a fantastic job shutting down April Reid on the topic of the anthem protest. Reid tries to change the narrative to make the protest about race. Sarah wasn t having it Great job Sarah!Ryan said the protesting players had said it was not about the flag but about protesting for such things as women s rights and civil rights. What does the president say when you look at history and see how people love this country but wanted to challenge the system to make it better?  Ryan asked. I think if we re going to look at history, we should look at the thousands of Americans who have given their life to protect that flag, to protect that anthem. We should be celebrating those people,  Sanders said, adding she wanted to finish her statement as Ryan interrupted.Sanders said the White House would always be for celebration of the American flag and that would not change. Just to clarify on that  Ryan said. I don t think there s much to clarify,  Sanders said.  It s pretty black and white. Ryan said that it was a major issue and a racial issue to some, but Sanders continued to defend the Trump administrations  belief that respect should be shown for the flag first.Read more: WFB",0
17887,Saudi Man Threatens Backlash Over New Law Allowing Women Drivers: ‘I will burn her and her car’,"Women in Saudi Arabia were just given the right to drive. Many conservative men are against this because they believe in separation of the sexes and they believe women aren t smart enough to drive Guess they ve never heard of Danica Patrick.Comments from Saudi clerics and a Sheikh are laughable:Saudi clerics ultimately believe female drivers  undermine social values  and lack the  intellect  to navigate the nation s roadways. Would you give a man with half an intellect a driving licence?  Sheikh Saad al-Hajari, head of the Saudi government s religious edict authority in the southern province of Assir, alleged at a lecture earlier this month.SAUDI MAN THREATENS WOMEN DRIVERS:A Saudi man was arrested for allegedly threatening to attack women drivers, the Interior Ministry said Friday, following a royal decree that ends a ban on women driving in the kingdom.Many Saudis welcomed Tuesday s announcement by King Salman lifting the ban by next year, but some expressed confusion or outrage after the reversal of a policy that has been backed for decades by prominent clerics.The ministry said on Twitter that police in the kingdom s Eastern Province had arrested the suspect, who was not identified, and referred him to the public prosecutor. I swear to God, any woman whose car breaks down   I will burn her and her car,  said a man wearing a traditional white robe who appeared in a short video distributed online earlier in the week.Reuters could not independently verify the authenticity of the video.Saudi media, including the Arabic-language Okaz newspaper, quoted the Eastern Province s police spokesman as saying the man in custody was in his 20s and that the arrest had been ordered by its governor.Separately, Okaz reported late Thursday that authorities directed the interior minister to prepare an anti-harassment law within 60 days.READ MORE: NYP",0
17888,WATCH: OFFICER WHO CRASHED Motorcycle While Escorting Trump Motorcade Gets Unexpected Call From The President…Here’s What Trump Said That Made Him Smile,"It doesn t matter how many times President Trump has shown himself to be a man of the people, a man of honor, or a man of principle, the media refuses to cover the truth about him. This story should be on every TV and in every news publication, but by now, we ve come to expect that stories like these are usually buried by the anti-Trump media. Help us to spread this heartwarming story about how President Trump responded to an injured police officer who was a victim of a motorcycle accident while he was tasked with protecting the President on his trip to Indianapolis.Initial reports said Trump called the officer during the flight back to Washington, but the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police tweeted Thursday that the president delayed the flight.The official Twitter of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department shared this video of the officer s reaction to President Trump s call: #BREAKING: Thank you @Potus for delaying wheels up to speak with injured Officer Turner. #ThankYou,  the tweet read.#BREAKING: Thank you to @POTUS for delaying wheels up to speak with injured Officer Turner. #ThankYou pic.twitter.com/nJ1TtkP9Bx  IMPD (@IMPDnews) September 28, 2017Robert Turner, a police officer from Indianapolis, broke an ankle in the fall on Interstate 70. A photographer captured the officer on the ground with his uniform ripped.Police released a cellphone video of Turner in the hospital taking the call from the president. He was wearing a neck brace, but laughed and appeared to be in good spirits.The White House initially said Trump called during the flight back to Washington to check on the officer s condition and thank him for his service.  FOX News ",0
17889,NEW VIDEO…ANTIFA Terror Group INFILTRATED…Transgender Leader: Use “Knives To Stab” Opponents…Have “AK-47’s Ready” To Shut Down Free Speech,"Steven Crowder is an amazing and ALWAYS unafraid conservative comedian. He was present at the union battle for  Right To Work  in Michigan where he was famously punched in the face by a union thug, when he confronted union thugs and demanded they stop cutting down a massive tent with pro-Right-to-Work conservatives inside (including an elderly woman who was trapped inside, while in a wheelchair when the tent was cut down).Crowder is one of unafraid to take on the Islamification of our schools and small towns, while government officials and liberals persecute Christians and Christian groups in America. Crowder is also passionate about exposing the dangers of political correctness. Crowder uses his very popular videos to prove undeniable facts that support our free speech and gun rights.Steven Crowder s latest project should be on every news network across America, however, you will likely only find this blockbuster video confirming that Antifa is indeed, a domestic terror group on conservative sites like ours or on Twitter and other social media platforms. That s because the media has been going out of their way to  soften  the image of ANTIFA. They ve been working in unison to make ANTIFA look like a bunch of rabble-rousers who are simply helping to eradicate speech that Americans the Left doesn t agree with. They re just a group of concerned citizens who want to defeat Nazism Trump supporters in America.  The leftist media has been begging their viewers to see things from ANTIFA s point of view after all, they re just a group of non-violent violent kids looking to solve the problems of the world through passionate activism violence, intimidation and yes, domestic terrorism.Watch ABC Nightline  journalist  Dan Harris  gut-wrenching reaction to the video that clearly exposes ANTIFA as a domestic terror group:",0
17890,Jared Kushner NEVER Registered To Vote As A “Female”…Media Lie BACKFIRES…Shines Bright Light On How Easily Voter Fraud Can Occur,"Meanwhile, as President Trump continues to meet resistance from blue states in his effort to clean up voter fraud, one of his most vocal opponents is none other than the Democrat governor of New York, the same state where the board of elections made the mistake of changing Kushner s identity to a  female  AFTER he registered as a  male . It seems like this may be just the high-profile screw-up the White House has been waiting for in order to revisit the legitimacy of voter rolls in New York.NY refuses to perpetuate the myth voter fraud played a role in our election. We will not comply with this request.https://t.co/eQC6ORV0v1  Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) June 30, 2017Kushner, President Trump s son-in-law, and senior adviser did in fact list himself as a male in his New York voter registration   but an elections database error led to him getting listed as a female.Kushner s supposed registration as a woman, which made headlines Wednesday, is actually a data entry error that the New York Board of Elections corrected only after it became public.A Wired story first reported that Kushner   whose father-in-law has been waging a fact-challenged war on voter fraud   was registered as a woman on his publicly accessible New York State voter information.   NYDaily NewsThe Wired story that was written by Ashley Feinberg suggests one of the reasons Kushner registered to vote as a female may be attributed to him committing voter fraud, which according to Feinberg,  would, of course, would be interesting, considering that Trump s White House has been fixated on allegations that rampant voter fraud took place during the 2016 election. The Huffington Post used the fake news story to prove that Jared Kushner is not capable of brokering peace in the Middle East. Here is their headline for an article written by Amanda Terkel:From the Huffington Post article:If people weren t already skeptical that Kushner   a man who inherited his father s real estate empire and has no policy experience in the Middle East or elsewhere   could achieve the impossible, recent developments may give further pause.He registered to vote as a woman.Radical leftist and (sometimes) comedian Jimmy Kimmel did an entire skit on Jared Kushner registering to vote as a  female.  We ll wait for his apology #VeryFakeNewsCNN quickly jumped on the story without verifying why Jared Kushner was registered as a female. Given the incompetence of our government agencies, one would think CNN would give Kushner the benefit of the doubt, but alas, giving anyone close to President Donald J. Trump the benefit of the doubt would be counter-productive to the Trump-hating network who only has one goal, and that is to destroy Donald Trump and anyone who dares to stand with him. CNN has changed the story that was originally attached to this tweet to reflect their update, but their headline that attempts to paint Kushner as either a liar or a cheat stands on Twitter.Jared Kushner is registered to vote as a female https://t.co/MtWq9uHTC7 pic.twitter.com/1ub2dS6OFM  CNN (@CNN) September 27, 2017Another loudmouth liberal who goes by the name of  Ring of Fire  on Youtube and has over 130K followers, has completely embarrassed himself by using Kushner s inability to  fill out a simple form  or  who is so careless, or reckless, or downright stupid that he cannot fill out a form .",0
17891,Hey Packers and Bears: We Don’t Lock Arms for the National Anthem! [Video],"Last night s game between the Bears and Packers is usually a fun-filled event that s become a huge tradition for football fans everywhere. Last night was no exception!The stadium was filled with fans who chanted USA, USA! The fans were ready to see hand over heart during the national anthem but got something very disappointing instead. The players from both teams tried to split the difference and stand for the anthem while locking arms. Outraged fans considered it just as much a protest as taking a knee, the gesture made famous by former San Francisco 49ers player Colin Kaepernick who kicked off the protest last year. I am so ashamed of and appalled by the ignorance of any NFL player who would dare disgrace our Stars and Stripes or the memory of hundreds of thousands of fallen U.S. heroes who paid with their lives so that we may live free,  Packers shareholder and 20-year U.S. Air Force veteran Steven Tiefenthaler told the Green Bay Press-Gazette.Packers fans are in a unique position to have their voices heard because unlike the privately owned 31 other NFL teams, theirs is divvied up among over 360,000 fans who own over 5 million shares of the franchise. The division mirrored the stand-off between NFL players and President Trump who last week called for any athlete who kneels during the anthem to be fired.Read more: Daily Mail",0
17892,LOL! ONE HILARIOUS CARTOON Perfectly Illustrates How Embarrassingly Politically Correct The NFL Has Become,"Watching sports on TV or going to a football stadium to watch a game, used to be a great way to unwind and forget about your troubles at home or at work. Watching sports used to be a stress reliever for many. That was before the NFL and the NBA was hijacked by the politically correct police, and social justice warriors, and morphed into something most fans don t  even recognize anymore.One of the worst cases of political correctness was when liberals insisted that the Washington Redskins change their name so as not to offend Native Americans. The left got very little support from Redskins fans and surprisingly, many in the Native American community were unwilling to join the fight to demand a name change for the team. Eventually, the left was forced to walk away from that fight, and accept that the owners of the Redskins were focused on playing football, and were not interested in their foolish game of political correctness.Today, the NFL is facing a huge backlash from fans, as players are being asked to choose activism over their allegiance to their fans who couldn t care less about their political views, they re coming to escape the stresses of everyday life and to watch these professional athletes play football. They don t come to see professional athletes kneeling on the sidelines during our national anthem in support of the Black Lives Matter anti-cop group, who inspired the killings of several innocent cops, shut down major roads, threatened innocent people who got in their way, and looted and burned cities to the ground. Fans come to relax and to forget about their troubles. They come to get away from the divisive politics and challenges of everyday life. They certainly don t travel to stadiums to attend games or watch them on TV so they can be admonished or scolded for not holding the same politically correct views as the snowflakes on the field.This hilarious cartoon by BenGarrison is a perfect example of who fans are paying to see on the field today:It won t be long before fans stop supporting these snowflakes, and politically correct crybabies, and maybe then, they ll remember why we came ",0
17893,ACTOR JAMES WOODS DESTROYS Leftist TIME For Article Suggesting U.S. LIED About N. Korea Torturing Otto Warmbier Who Died After Returning In A Coma,"Yesterday, the parents of the now deceased American student from a Cincinnati, OH, suburb, Otto Warmbier, spoke out for the first time about the brutal condition of their son s body, who was returned from North Korea to the US in a coma. Otto was on a group tour of North Korea when he was accused of trying to steal a propaganda poster. He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor. After negotiations with the US State Department, Warmbier was returned from North Korea and died less than one week later.Fred and Cindy Warmbier told  Fox and Friends  about the harrowing moment they saw their 22-year-old son Otto on the plane after his return from 17 months in captivity.  When we got halfway up the steps, we heard this howling,  Fred Warmbier said.  We looked in and Otto was on the stretcher across in the plane and he was jerking violently, making these inhuman sounds. Otto s father Fred Warmbier painted a horrific picture of the condition in which they found their son upon his return to the U.S.:  Otto had a shaved head. He had a feeding tube coming out of his mouth. He was blind, he was deaf. As we looked at him and tried to comfort him, it looked like someone had taken a pair of pliers and rearranged his bottom teeth. Today, the leftist Time magazine joined other liberal publications who appear to be working to soften the image of the evil of Kim Jong Un by suggesting the horrific torture committed against American Otto Warmbier may never have happened. Time s headline on Twitter read:  We may never know whether North Korea tortured Otto Warmbier, coroner says We may never know whether North Korea tortured Otto Warmbier, coroner says https://t.co/SspIbxH55c  TIME (@TIME) September 28, 2017Actor James Woods was quick to respond to the disgusting article published by the Trump-hating publication, Time. Woods  response was brutal, yet dripping with sarcasm. After Time suggested Warmbier may not have been tortured by North Korea, Woods replied:  Yeah, I m sure he rearranged his own teeth with pliers out of boredom.  #NumbskullsYeah, I'm sure he rearranged his own teeth with pliers out of boredom. #Numbskulls https://t.co/4AjUzAPqNR  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 28, 2017",0
17894,GOLD STAR PARENTS Confront Black Activist Spike Lee Over NFL Flag Kneelers [Video],"The backlash from angry fans has only gotten bigger with the refusal of teams like the Packers asking the fans to join in on the protest. How deaf can they be to the sound of angry fans who want teams to stand with hand over heart for our flag and national anthem.The left is busy conflating the NFL protest with their rage over the election of Trump They ve turned Trump s comments into a  dog whistle  of racism Remember when Trump called the players  son s of b*tches ? Well, that s now been interpreted by the eternal victims in the black community as a  dog whistle  of racism. The problem is that anyone with half a brain knows there are white players too but it s just an inconvenient truth to the left. This is where they ve wanted the argument to go because it benefits the left to make Trump out to be a racist.Of course, anyone with a speck of common sense knows President Trump wants ALL Americans to come together to stand for the anthem period! Nothing to it but that Zero racism!The video below is a great example of how the black activists and left are in a rage. Not over the deaths of black youth in the inner city or the horrible state of education in the black community. Nope, they re furious that Trump won and their Trump derangement syndrome is in overdrive Spike Lee reveals the rage and the disconnect to common sense in the video below: The narrative is not true     Delusional Spike LeeDid ya catch on to that? He brings it all back around to President Trump. He s one angry black man who wallows in victimhood even though he s had the benefit of a blessed life in America.",0
17895,ANGRY GREEN BAY PACKERS Fans and Owners Lash Out After QB Aaron Rogers Asks Fans To Join Players In Protest Against Cops,"Have Americans already forgotten about the real reason Kaepernick was kneeling during the national anthem? He was kneeling in support of Black Lives Matter and their war against law enforcement. NFL players who kneel or stand in solidarity with Colin Kaepernick are protesting against our law enforcement. Should anyone be surprised by the backlash these players are receiving from their fans, as they disrespect our flag to show their support for Black Lives Matter s war on cops?Breitbart   Sports teams ask a lot of their fans, especially in places like Green Bay. Where, depending on the time of year, a fan could get hypothermia while just sitting in his seat. However, one recent request the team has made of the Pack faithful has left fans feeling a little hot.The Packers players, led by their quarterback Aaron Rodgers, issued a call to their fans to join them in interlocking arms during the national anthem. However, some fans have not taken kindly to the request. According to the Green Bay Press-Gazette, Packers Director of Public Affairs, Aaron Popkey, says fan reaction has been intense. We ve had a steady stream of feedback beginning Monday morning and it continued into Wednesday. We ve heard on both sides of the matter. We take note of their concerns. The fact that Popkey alludes to the  concerns  of the fans, would certainly lead one to believe that the  steady stream  of fan feedback has definitely tacked more negative, than positive.The issue of anthem protests, already a hot-button issue, became an even bigger story after President Trump s comments in Alabama last Friday night. Where, he referred to players who protested the anthem as  SOB s,  and said he wished their team owners would fire them.Those comments, led to a backlash from the league last weekend. All told, more than 200 players from all 32 teams protested the president s comments in some form or fashion. The Packers stood with interlocking arms, in their game against the Bengals. With the exception of three players who remained on the bench.However, those demonstrations did not meet with universal fan approval. Steven Tiefenthaler, a Wisconsin native, Packers shareholder and 20-year U.S. Air Force veteran, told the Green Bay Press-Gazette exactly how the protests made him feel:  I am so ashamed of and appalled by the ignorance of any NFL player who would dare disgrace our Stars and Stripes or the memory of hundreds of thousands of fallen U.S. heroes who paid with their lives so that we may live free. Laura Hapke, another Wisconsin native whose mother is a shareholder of the team, was shocked that the Packers would participate in the protests. Hapke herself is on the waiting list to become a shareholder, though, the team s protests have given her some pause. Hapke said,  If they come out and say they are more into politics than patriotism, I ll have to rethink it. It will break my heart, but I ll have to rethink it. Hapke also had some really good advice for more constructive ways in which the players could protest, while letting the fans just enjoy the game. Hapke said,  If the players association would act outside of the game, I think it would be great. From the Green Bay Press Gazette: I am so ashamed of and appalled by the ignorance of any NFL player who would dare disgrace our Stars and Stripes or the memory of hundreds of thousands of fallen U.S. heroes who paid with their lives so that we may live free,  said Steven Tiefenthaler, a native of Brookfield who now lives in San Antonio. Tiefenthaler is a Packers shareholder and 20-year U.S. Air Force veteran.Shawano native Lloyd Hohn, who now lives in Bismark, N.D., said he is more disappointed than angry. It was and is a heartbreaker to see my beloved Packers involved in this protest. I doubt injustice is going to be affected by this action. It is style over substance,  he said.  The players during their off time need to be physically and vocally involved to bring change. From Mark Panteo:The arrogant Leftists of the Green Bay Packers want fans to join them in protesting the National Anthem in a supposed show of  unity. Apparently, the only way to show  unity  in the NFL is to protest the National Anthem.Disgusting. This detestable league deserves to go the way of the Hillary campaign. ",0
17896,WOW! LEFTIST LIBRARIAN REJECTS Shipment Of Children’s Books Donated By Melania Trump…Her Reason For Rejecting The Books Is DISGUSTING!,"A school librarian in Cambridge, Massachusetts, rejected a shipment of books that were donated by first lady Melania Trump, according to CBS Boston.#HBFamilyReading: ""Dear Mrs. Trump"": @reflectlibrary says, Thanks but no thanks to the First Lady + Dr. Seuss  https://t.co/98SUPkjUN6 pic.twitter.com/3t6U6vvwPI  The Horn Book (@HornBook) September 26, 2017CBS Boston on Wednesday reported that Liz Phipps Soeiro of Cambridgeport Elementary School turned down the works Trump intended to send.The White House chose one school in all 50 states to receive a package of 10 books authored by children s literary author Dr. Seuss.The initiative was meant to promote education and childhood literacy as part of National Read A Book Day.Soeiro on Tuesday penned an editorial for the Horn Book s Family Reading blog explaining why her school did not need the donation. My students have access to a school library with over nine thousand volumes and a librarian with a graduate degree in literary science,  she wrote. Multiple studies show that schools with professionally staffed libraries improve student performance,  Soeiro added.Trump s package reportedly included such Seuss classics as  Green Eggs and Ham,   The Cat in the Hat  and  One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish. Soeiro criticized Seuss for being the only author represented in Trump s donation, citing controversy over some of his illustrations. You may not be aware of this, but Dr. Seuss is a bit of a clich , a tired and worn ambassador for children s literature,  she told Trump. Another fact that many people are unaware of is that Dr. Seuss s illustrations are steeped in racist propaganda, caricatures, and harmful stereotypes. According to the School Library Journal when social justice warrior, Lizz Phipps Soeiro isn t influencing the minds of young children with her progressive drivel, she s working to influence the minds of the parents: Once a week, she invites a speaker for casual meetings with parents at the library. Guests have included the mayor, school committee members, and local artists. Following President Trump s executive order banning travel from six Muslim nations, she invited a representative from the Council on American Islamic Relations and an attorney from the Muslim Justice League to speak to an audience including some 25 Muslim families about their rights. The lawyer met with individual families afterward. The library s collection reflects Phipps Soeiro s commitment to social justice. Titles such as Margarita Engle s Drum Dream Girl and Debbie Levy and Elizabeth Baddeley s I Dissent: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Makes Her Mark spark discussions about government and fairness. During a field trip to city hall, students sat in council chambers and asked questions of city leaders.(So in other words, a donation of books from the wife of our Republican President just didn t fit into the public school library that employs a narrow-minded liberal librarian.)The Cambridge School system on Wednesday released a statement noting the opinions Soeiro expressed do not represent the district. In this instance, the employee was not authorized to accept or reject donated books on behalf of the school or school district,  it said. We have counseled the employee on all relevant policies, including the policy against public resources being used for political purposes.   CircaSo there you have it the librarian is being  counseled  and NOT fired!If this story happened two years ago, and we inserted Michelle Obama s name into the story instead of Melania Trump s, does anyone think this would be a major news story with the school librarian s face plastered all over every major news network?Liz Phipps Soeiro can be found on Twitter at: @Cport_SpecialHere is the nasty letter that was written by Liz Phipps Soeiro in reply to Melania Trump s sweet gesture:Dear Mrs. Trump,Thank you for the ten Dr. Seuss titles that you sent my school library in recognition of this year s National Read a Book Day. (Sent second-day air, no less! That must have been expensive.) I m proud that you recognized my school as something special. It truly is. Our beautiful and diverse student body is made up of children from all over the world; from different socioeconomic statuses; with a spectrum of gender expressions and identities; with a range of abilities; and of varied racial, ethnic, and religious backgrounds. According to the White House website, you selected one school per state by  working with the Department of Education to identify schools with programs that have achieved high standards of excellence, recognized by State and National awards and Blue Ribbon Awards  Each of those carefully vetted schools received ten books: Seuss-isms!; Because a Little Bug Went KaChoo; What Pet Should I Get?; The Cat in the Hat; I Can Read with My Eyes Shut!; One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish; The Foot Book; Wacky Wednesday; Green Eggs and Ham; and Oh, the Places You ll Go!. My students were interested in reading your enclosed letter and impressed with the beautiful bookplates with your name and the indelible White House stamp, however, we will not be keeping the titles for our collection. I d like to respectfully offer my explanation. * * * * * My school and my library are indeed award-winning. I work in a district that has plenty of resources, which contributes directly to  excellence.  Cambridge, Massachusetts, is an amazing city with robust social programming, a responsive city government, free all-day kindergarten, and well-paid teachers (relatively speaking   many of us can t afford to live in the city in which we teach). My students have access to a school library with over nine thousand volumes and a librarian with a graduate degree in library science. Multiple studies show that schools with professionally staffed libraries improve student performance. The American Association of School Librarians has a great infographic on these findings. Many schools around the state and country can t compete. Yearly per-pupil spending in Cambridge is well over $20,000; our city s values are such that given a HUGE range in the socioeconomic status of our residents, we believe that each and every child deserves the best free education possible and are working hard to make that a reality (most classrooms maintain a 60/40 split between free/reduced lunch and paid lunch). This offers our Title I school and the district a lot of privilege and room for programming and pedagogy to foster  high standards of excellence.  Even so, we still struggle to close the achievement gap, retain teachers of color, and dismantle the systemic white supremacy in our institution. But hell, we test well! And in the end, it appears that data   and not children   are what matters. Meanwhile, school libraries around the country are being shuttered. Cities like Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit are suffering through expansion, privatization, and school  choice  with no interest in outcomes of children, their families, their teachers, and their schools. Are those kids any less deserving of books simply because of circumstances beyond their control? Why not go out of your way to gift books to underfunded and underprivileged communities that continue to be marginalized and maligned by policies put in place by Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos? Why not reflect on those  high standards of excellence  beyond only what the numbers suggest? Secretary DeVos would do well to scaffold and lift schools instead of punishing them with closures and slashed budgets.So, my school doesn t have a NEED for these books. And then there s the matter of the books themselves. You may not be aware of this, but Dr. Seuss is a bit of a clich , a tired and worn ambassador for children s literature. As First Lady of the United States, you have an incredible platform with world-class resources at your fingertips. Just down the street you have access to a phenomenal children s librarian: Dr. Carla Hayden, the current Librarian of Congress. I have no doubt Dr. Hayden would have given you some stellar recommendations.Another fact that many people are unaware of is that Dr. Seuss s illustrations are steeped in racist propaganda, caricatures, and harmful stereotypes. Open one of his books (If I Ran a Zoo or And to Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street, for example), and you ll see the racist mockery in his art. Grace Hwang Lynch s School Library Journal article,  Is the Cat in the Hat Racist? Read Across America Shifts Away from Dr. Seuss and Toward Diverse Books,  reports on Katie Ishizuka s work analyzing the minstrel characteristics and trope nature of Seuss s characters. Scholar Philip Nel s new book, Was the Cat in the Hat Black? The Hidden Racism of Children s Literature, and the Need for Diverse Books, further explores and shines a spotlight on the systemic racism and oppression in education and literature. I am honored that you recognized my students and our school. I can think of no better gift for children than books; it was a wonderful gesture, if one that could have been better thought out. Books can be a powerful way to learn about and experience the world around us; they help build empathy and understanding. In return, I m attaching a list of ten books (it s the librarian in me) that I hope will offer you a window into the lives of the many children affected by the policies of your husband s administration. You and your husband have a direct impact on these children s lives. Please make time to learn about and value them. I hope you share these books with your family and with kids around the country. And I encourage you to reach out to your local librarian for more recommendations. Warmly, Liz Phipps Soeiro School Librarian Cambridge, MALiz Phipps Soeiro is an elementary school librarian in the Cambridge, MA, Public Schools. She is an advocate for inclusive libraries and active in her community to create spaces that are welcoming to all students. She tweets @Cport_Special @ReflectLibrary and blogs at reflectivelibrary.blogspot.com ",0
17897,"ANGRY LEFTIST CAUGHT On VIDEO Stealing Student’s Trump Hat…DEMANDS School Makes Him Stop Wearing Hat: “F*** your f***ing freedom of speech, boy!”","***WARNING***This video will make your blood boil. The exchange between this Hispanic woman, (who we re pretty sure is not a legal citizen, based on her comment to the victim, when she screamed,  F*ck your laws!  after he cited his right to free-speech) and the victim is stunning. Over and over again, this ill-informed and unbelievably angry student makes up her own facts with absolutely no basis whatsoever.  Saying things like the signature Trump hat that reads  Make America GReat Again  represents  the genocide of a bunch of people  and  America was never great  and of but of course,  You stole this land!  Just another ungrateful immigrant who is likely one of Obama s  Dreamers. According to Campus Reform, here s how the unbelievable exchange went down:A Trump-supporting student at the University of California, Riverside had his MAGA hat stolen by a peer who demanded that administrators refuse to allow him to continue to wear it.A video of the incident obtained by Campus Reform shows an enraged female student taking the hat to the school s Student Life Department as Matthew Vitale fruitlessly attempts to explain to the young woman that the hat is his property. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t. I swear to God I could burn this sh*t,  she continues as several staffers look on. Are you people not going to do anything? She is stealing my property,  Vitale pleads, though the altercation went on for several more minutes. We will need to return his property to him, but we can talk about  one university employee begins to explain before being abruptly cut off by the student thief. How about we talk about not letting him wear this sh*t on campus?  the thief retorts, while Vitale later tells a growing presence of administrators that  the fact that you people haven t gotten this back for me is sad and wrong. The altercation continued for several minutes until the hat was relinquished to an administrator who then returned it to Vitale, though not before his fellow student got in the last word. F*** your f***ing freedom of speech, boy. F***it. F*** it because your freedom of speech is literally killing a lot of people out there.",0
17898,Sports Bar Owner Bans NFL Games…Will Show Only ‘True American’ Sports: ‘I’d like to speak for rural America’ [Video],"The owner of the Ringling Bar, located south of White Sulphur Springs, is standing behind his Facebook post that criticizes NFL players who take a knee during the national anthem to protest police brutality. The post was made on the Ringling Bar s Facebook page Tuesday night and has since received hundreds of comments and shares. The post reads:  The Ringling Bar will no longer show any NFL games. This will allow us to air the PBR, Rodeo and NASCAR events whose competitors are true Americans! Sorry for any inconvenience. Ringling Bar Co-owner Kurt Bekemans, who grew up in the Paradise Valley, published the post and said he doesn t care if the post turns some customers away. Seriously, I would not care if non-Americans didn t patronize the place,  said Bekemans.  I d like to speak for rural America: I bet you wouldn t see any farmers or ranchers in our whole country take a knee such as these guys do, I bet you couldn t find one. They appreciate what our great nation has given them and I think that s the least you could do to give thanks to our country is stand for the flag and the anthem. As of Wednesday morning, a majority of the comments were in support of the bar. We all love ya for this, I ll be by with as many people I can round up!!  said one commenter.Another person was critical, writing:  Ha Ha of course NASCAR is not protesting the treatment of minority s because they don t care about them!!! Read more: krtv",0
17899,Harvard Islamic Studies Prof Dragged Off Flight By Police: ‘I’m a professor!’ [Video],"A Harvard Women s Studies and Islamic Studies professor  was forcibly taken off of a Southwest flight today. She demanded that two dogs be taken off of the plane because she said she s allergic to dogs. Well, things got ugly as you ll see in the now viral video: You can hear her yell,  don t touch me!  at the 1:59 point she says,  I m a professor! WE HAVE MANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS   RED FLAGS EVERYWHERE (see below)!ibloga reported:The woman, identified as 46-year-old Anila Daulatzai from Baltimore, had complained about two dogs on her flight from Baltimore-Washington International Airport to Los Angeles. She said she was deathly allergic, but when crew informed her they couldn t remove the dogs, one of which was a service dog, she was told to leave the plane. That s when things went south. After the woman couldn t show medical papers about her allergies and refused to leave the plane, law enforcement arrived to remove her, Southwest said in a statement.She s since been charged with disorderly conduct, failure to obey a reasonable and lawful order, disturbing the peace, obstructing and hindering a police officer and resisting arrest.We re wondering why you wouldn t carry papers or have some sort of id if you are severely allergic to dogs. Another reflag is that during her removal by police, the woman said,  I need to close my pants . Hummm She also yells out that her dad has surgery tomorrow. We re wondering if she is severely allergic to dogs then why didn t she run off the plane away from the dogs to tell someone? Nothing adds up in this situation we smell a rat but we could be wrong. We just see red flags everywhere with this woman:WE FOUND THIS ABOUT DAULATZAI: ",0
17900,"POWERFUL LETTER To Cowardly Steelers Coach Will Make You Want To Stand Up and Cheer: “You’ve taken something that unites Americans of every color, creed, and religion and managed to divide them”","Dear Mike Tomlin, James Harrison, Ben Roethlisberger and any other Steeler who feels a need to criticize Bronze Star recipient Alejandro Villanueva for honoring the flag that his brothers came home under, you can all go to hell.On Sunday your team had 3 options, stand and support America, sit/kneel and disrespect America or 3 take the coward s way out and abstain, vote present, hide in the tunnel because you were too afraid to be seen as pro-American or Anti-American. What a vile low candy-ass choice you made. I was looking for 100 percent participation, we were gonna be respectful of our football team,  Tomlin told reporters.Your team does not come before America.Why should anyone be forced to act in a way that is against their moral code? The poor boys  millionaire club could not all agree on whether or not to disrespect America so you hid. We Americans understand. Trust me.Let the kneelers kneel, the sitters sit, the Patriots stand, own your beliefs. Own your side. Everyone with a working knowledge of contract law knows that the players disrespecting America could have been fined in accordance with their contract.Remember Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf? He was fined $30,000 after disrespecting the flag and choosing to sit on his butt during the anthem. Once he was fined he worked out a compromise and stood, he recited Islamic prayers under his breath but he did not disgrace his team by disrespecting the American flag, the anthem, America herself.The administrative branch of the NFL is tax exempt. I hope that exemption is revoked. The entire league is subsidized with billions of taxpayers dollars, for what, so you can spit in the faces of the people who support you? No more.You have backed the wrong horse. Sometimes not choosing a side is choosing through omission.You ve taken something that unites Americans of every color, creed, and religion and managed to divide them through your cowardliness and fear of offending the  wrong   people. Fine them or fire them this is behavior that is covered in their contracts  conduct detrimental to the integrity of and public confidence in the National Football League. Honoring 9/11 is detrimental, wearing pink in your hair to honor breast cancer survivors and casualties is detrimental, twerking is detrimental but dishonoring the American flag is not detrimental to the integrity of the NFL. Hypocrites. You lousy lowlife mamby-pamby, money-grubbing, cowardly, politically correct, assholes can all go to hell.Your decision to hide in the tunnel is disgusting and cowardly. Your decision to criticize Alejandro Villanueva a war veteran, a man who fought for your freedom, a man who saved lives, a man who was willing to lay his life down for you, a bronze heart recipient is beyond words.Mike Tomlin, James Harrison, Ben Roethlisberger and any Steeler who has the audacity to criticize or question Alejandro Villanueva standing for the National Anthem, choosing country over his team, you are what is wrong with America. As a team, you boys get a ball from one of a field to another side of the field and celebrate. As a man, Villanueva rescued wounded soldiers while under enemy fire and you cowardly clowns are hiding in a tunnel because you couldn t decide whether or not to stand or sit for the American flag have the misguided intrepidity to criticize Villanueva s dedication to America?I hope my fellow Americans pray with me for a holy curse on your team, that you not win a single game for the rest of the season. I hope that you lose your tax exempt status, I hope you rethink your disgusting words and actions.May the souls of the faithfully departed brothers and sisters who came home under the American flag haunt your every moment.If you enjoyed  Lovely s  letter and would like to see more of her blog, please visit her blog by clicking HERE.",0
17901,LOL! SNARKY WHITE YAHOO Sports Writer TRASHES Black NHL Player P.K.Subban For Saying He’ll “Never Kneel During National Anthem” Because He Has “Too Much Respect For American Flag”,"How very bold of the white Yahoo sports writer Greg Wyshynski, who affectionately refers to himself as  Puck Daddy  to call out one of only a handful of black men in the NHL for not standing up for the Black Lives Matter, anti-cop movement, that disrespects our flag, and our veterans in one fell swoop Wyshynski writes: P.K. Subban said on Tuesday that he will  never  kneel during the national anthem to protest something politically.Subban performed at a fundraiser on Tuesday night at Zanies Comedy Club in Nashville, to benefit Comedy Cares. He told the audience that he would  never  take a knee during the national anthem because he has too much respect for the American flag. His comments were sent to us by two eyewitnesses and confirmed by the Predators. Subban, who is Canadian, is considered the most prominent black player in pro hockey.Earlier in the day, the Nashville Predators announced that, as a team, they would not engage in any protests during the national anthem. This came less than two days after hundreds of NFL players, coaches and executives showed solidarity in rebuking President Donald Trump s comments that players who protested police brutality against African-Americans during the national anthem were  sons of bitches  who deserved to lose their jobs.Said CEO Sean Henry, to the Tennessean: When this all came about, we wanted to get together with our team because everything we do is collaborative. When we say what we re going to be doing, it really is a  we.  Everyone had input on it. We are honoring the anthem and the flag and the country by standing during the anthem. We invite our fans to do so with us.  It is also our way of honoring what else it stands for, and it does provide for the freedom for others to express their views and protests in a manner in which they feel comfortable doing. We just think there s proper forums for all. Our games have become this unifying celebration, so we have decided that we re all going to stand together to honor the country and all that comes with it. According to Seth Dean, a Predators fans who attended the comedy fundraiser event, Subban took the stage and said  he will continue to stand, respect, and sing along with U.S. anthem.  At one point, he pointed out a friend of his in the crowd who was a law enforcement officer from Boston.From Dean: He also addressed why he always shuffles his feet during anthem. He first said it could be ADD but he was never tested. Then he mentioned just being pumped up by crowd and excited to support USA even as a Canadian. He even jokingly suggested we should all stand and sing anthem there at Zanies (which didn t happen). He obviously wasn t going to go against Lavy s proclamation that players were going to stay standing, especially with his coach in the room, but he made his support for anthem as unequivocal as he possibly could. In an email to Yahoo Sports, Hailey, another attendee, described the scene in more detail:Tonight was a comedy fundraiser at Zanies in Nashville, for which Ryan Hamilton was the headliner. As my attendance was spontaneous, I was pretty excited when PK Subban was the first  comedian . Much to my surprise, his allegedly  impromptu  set ended with a tense promise from PK that despite his previous dancing antics during the national anthem, he would NEVER kneel during the national anthem, followed by a long rant about his  respect  for the American flag. ",0
17902,REVEALED: OOPS! Russian Ads Facebook’s Zuckerberg Turned Over To Congress Was Supporting HILLARY and Another Radical Leftist Group,"On September 6, 2017, liberal media elites believed they found the missing link between Donald Trump and the Putin regime.A Russian firm linked to pro-Kremlin propaganda had advertised on Facebook during the election. The company spent only $100,000 on the Facebook ads but liberals believed this was enough to flip the election to Trump.President Trump mocked the media s hysteria over the release of the  Russian ads  that were certain to FINALLY connect Donald Trump and his campaign once and for all to the Kremlin.The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017Washington Post was so certain the Donald Trump was behind the Facebook ads that they ran a series of stories that would lead there readers to believe there was no chance the ads purchased by the Russians could be for any other reason than the promotion of Donald J. Trump. Here is just an example of what you ll find if you go the Washington Post news site and search Russian Facebook ads:What you won t find included in that list is the ACTUAL story that provides EVIDENCE that the Russians were buying ads in an effort to DEFEAT Donald J. Trump.But alas, thanks to Gateway Pundit, a post buried in a Reddit from the Washington Post that clarified who the Russians were supporting with their ad dollars.Hint: It wasn t Donald Trump and it wasn t a unity group either. Why wouldn t the Russians want to see the next leader of the greatest nation on earth who is a known entity, someone who is quick to sell America s uranium to Russian, and someone who will sell a favor at the drop of a hat in return for a contribution to their slush fund, aka The Clinton Foundation?Here s the Reddit post:",0
17903,Shocking Report: Mind Blowing Cost of Illegals Is Highest Ever…Numbers Released Show Huge Burden To States [Video],"EVERY American taxpayer should be outraged at the numbers in the report below. Open borders under 8 years of Obama is costing American taxpayers a tremendous amount more than ever before! Don t forget the thousands upon thousands of illegal alien minors who flooded the border during Obama s presidency. The bottom line is that open borders have consequences and the unfortunate consequence for taxpayers is we re footing the bill for illegals and THIS IS NOT SUSTAINABLE!The swelling population of illegal immigrants and their kids is costing American taxpayers $135 billion a year, the highest ever, driven by free medical care, education and a huge law enforcement bill, according to the the most authoritative report on the issue yet.DON T FORGET THAT OBAMA HELPED FACILITATE THE ARRIVAL OF THOUSANDS OF ILLEGAL MINORS THAT WE ARE NOW PAYING FOR: Spanish-language media and human rights activists are actively educating illegal immigrants on how to break the law, avoid immigration agents and remain in the country even after a judge has ordered them to be kicked out, a top Obama administration official testified to Congress on Tuesday.HERE S THOMAS HOMAN S TESTIMONY FROM 2014: Despite claims from pro-illegal immigration advocates that the aliens pay significant off-setting taxes back to federal, state and local treasuries, the Federation for American Immigration Reform report tallied just $19 billion, making the final hit to taxpayers about $116 billion. State and local governments are getting ravaged by the costs, at over $88 billion. The federal government, by comparison, is getting off easy at $45 billion in costs for illegals.n.The report, titled  The Fiscal Burden Of Illegal Immigration on U.S. Taxpayers,  is the most comprehensive cost tally from FAIR. It said that the costs have jumped about $3 billion in four years and will continue to surge unless illegal immigration is stopped. It was provided in advance exclusively to Secrets. Clearly, the cost of doing nothing to stop illegal immigration is far too high,  said FAIR Executive Director Dan Stein.  President Trump has laid out a comprehensive strategy to regain control of illegal immigration and bring down these costs,  said Stein.  Building the wall, enhancing interior enforcement and mandating national E-Verify will go a long way in bringing these ridiculously high costs under control,  he added.Over 68 often shocking pages, FAIR documents the average $8,075 in state, local and federal spending for each of the of 12.5 million illegal immigrants and their 4.2 million citizen children.Broadly, the costs include $29 billion in medical care, $23 billion for law enforcement, $9 billion in welfare, $46 billion for education.Just consider the cost of teaching an illegal alien child who doesn t speak English. FAIR estimates an average cost of over $12,000 a year, and that can reach $25,000 in New York. Add to that welfare, health care, school lunches, and the per student price soars.In state costs alone, California leads the list at $23 billion per year, followed by Texas at $11 billion, and New York at $7.4 billion.And it also documents the taxes paid and how they don t come close to offsetting the costs. What s more, FAIR noted that 35 percent of the illegal population operate in an underground economy hidden from tax collectors. And worse, employers hire illegals and either pay them cheaply or under the table. The United States recoups only about 14 percent of the amount expended annually on illegal aliens. If the same jobs held by illegal aliens were filled by legal workers, at the prevailing market wage, it may safely be presumed that federal, state and local governments would receive higher tax payments,  said FAIR.Key findings pulled from the report are shocking:The staggering total costs of illegal immigrants and their children outweigh the taxes paid to federal and state governments by a ratio of roughly 7 to 1, with costs at nearly $135 billion compared to tax revenues at nearly $19 billion.The nearly $135 billion paid out by federal and state and local taxpayers to cover the cost of the presence of 12.5 million illegal aliens and their 4.2 million citizen children amounts to approximately $8,075 per illegal alien and citizen child prior to taxes paid, or $6,940 per person after taxes are paid.On the federal level, medical ($17.14 billion) is by far the highest cost, with law enforcement coming second ($13.15 billion) and general government services ($8 billion) third.At the state and local level, education ($44.4 billion) was by far the largest expense, followed by general public services ($18.5 billion) and medical ($12.1 billion).The top three states based on total cost to state taxpayers for illegal immigrants and their children: California ($23 billion); Texas ($10.9 billion), and New York ($7.5 billion).Read more: WE ",0
17904,WATCH: MEGYN KELLY HUMILIATES HERSELF (AGAIN)…Tries To Cozy Up To Traitor Jane Fonda…Gets Major SMACKDOWN On Live TV,"  One day after actress Debra Messing revealed that she regretted going on Megyn Kelly s new NBC morning show, the embattled host managed to draw the ire of an even bigger Hollywood star.Megyn sat down with Oscar-winning screen icon Jane Fonda on Wednesday, and in an ill-advised and poorly conceived move, decided to ask the 79-year-old actress to detail the plastic surgery she has had done over the years.The nasty exchange on day 2  of Megyn Kelly s new job at NBC couldn t have taken place between two more self-serving and arrogant women.Watch: You, you ve been an example to everyone, on how to age beautifully and with strength. And unapologetically,  began Megyn, nervously drawing out her question. You admit you had work done. I think it s to your credit. You look amazing. Have you   why did you say .. I read you felt you re not proud to admit you had work done, why not? At that moment a steely Fonda stared Megyn straight in the eyes and very firmly asked:  We really want to talk about that now? Via: Daily Mail ",0
17905,MICHIGAN STATE POLICE CHIEF Under Fire For Sharing Meme On Social Media About NFL Players Anti-Cop Movement,"Has the Left and the leftist media managed to make Americans forget why this whole  kneeling in protest against the American flag  in the NFL started? Have Americans forgotten the statement made by Colin Kaepernick when asked why he kneeled during our national anthem while every other player stood in respect for our flag?When the San Francisco 49 ers QB Colin Kaepernick was asked why he kneeled during our national anthem, his response was about police brutality, and about his belief that cops were essentially getting away with murdering blacks with no consequences.Here is Kaepernick s official statement:One day before 5 police officers were murdered in Dallas, TX by a Black Lives Matter supporter, Cleveland Browns player Isiah Crowell posted an image on his Instagram account of a man wearing an ISIS-like image of a man wearing an all-black outfit and black mask standing behind a police officer and stabbing him in the neck with a knife.The Cleveland Browns made the following statement on behalf of Crowell for his disgusting actions: We have spoken to Isaiah regarding his extremely disturbing and unacceptable social media decision. It was completely inappropriate and we have made him aware of our high level of disappointment. Isaiah has apologized but also knows that just an apology is insufficient and that he must take steps to make a positive difference after a very negative and impactful post. The NFL made no apology for Crowell s terrorist-like post aimed to incite violence against our law-enforcement officers. Should law enforcement officers be forced to remain silent in the face of a movement created to disparage and discredit the amazing work they do every day because of a Black Lives Matter, anti-cop movement that has permeated the NFL?Stephen Loomis, President of Cleveland Police Patrolmen s Association spoke out against Cleveland Brown s player Isiah Crowell. Lommis said he thinks the  store-bought apology  isn t enough.  He needs to go to Dallas, help the families who lost their loved ones last week, write them a check, look them in the eyes and give a heartfelt apology. Loomis says Crowell s post was as  offensive as putting a picture of historical African-American men being hung from a tree in the 60s.  He adds that if Crowell doesn t go to Dallas and make a donation,  I will pull Cleveland officers, sheriffs, state troopers out of First Energy Stadium this season if he doesn t make it right. As for Crowell admitting he was wrong and acted out of rage   Loomis says,  You re a grown ass man, and you claim you were too emotional to know it was wrong? Think we ll accept your apology? Kiss my ass.    TMZOn Sunday, the Patriots were booed wildly by fans when the team took a knee during our national anthem. Today, the leftist Detroit Free Press attempted to smear Michigan State Police Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue for sharing a message on social media criticizing the NFL players  protests.Here is the post that Etue did NOT create, but shared privately with her friends on Facebook. The message in this post is pretty clear. It s a message to the NFL letting them know that Americans will not sit back silently and allow millionaires who are obviously not grateful to be living in the United States disrespect our flag, our law enforcement officers, and our veterans.The Detroit Free Press used a statement from ONE SOURCE, Leonard Mungo, a Detroit attorney who, in 2015, filed a class action lawsuit against the Michigan State Police, who Mungo claimed were not hiring enough black and Hispanic troopers. The Detroit Free Press quote from Mungo said the posting demonstrates  kind of a dangerous mindset for someone in her powerful position. It s  scary that they don t understand that America is defined by its freedoms, and one of these freedoms is freedom of speech,  Mungo said. It also  has implications for why the state police   don t have representative numbers of African Americans in their ranks,  he said.Shanon Banner, a spokeswoman for Etue, said the colonel s Facebook post was not about race and was posted not publicly, but so that only Etue s friends would see it. As a public servant, Col. Etue has great respect for the armed forces and those who fight to protect our freedoms, Banner said in an e-mail to the Free Press.Etue did not create the post, Banner said.  It s a meme that is posted in other places around the Internet,  she said.Etue, who heads the statewide police department, shared the meme entitled  Dear NFL  on her Facebook page Sunday. It was a post widely shared on social media by those critical of hundreds of NFL players this past weekend who locked arms and/or kneeled during the pre-game playing of the national anthem. Some forms of the meme are calling for a boycott of the NFL until these silent gridiron protests end.The Michigan State Police issued an apology from Etue on their Facebook page. Americans should be asking why Etue has to apologize for standing up for law enforcement officers and veterans she defended in her post? While the left is screaming about the rights of the NFL players to disrespect our flag,  perhaps someone should ask them when Col. Etue s First Amendment Right become null and void? As a side note, The Detroit Free Press is home to Stephen Henderson, the race-obsessed, angry editorial editor who attempted to label Kid Rock (the single father of a black son and NAACP award winner) as a  racist , stirring up hate and negativity towards the beloved Detroit rocker who does so much for the residents of the city of Detroit.  ",0
17906,AMERICA’S OLDEST Suit Manufacturer Drops NFL Ads: “Our companies will not condone unpatriotic behavior!”,"Two years ago, Cleveland, Tenn., businessman Allan Jones was proudly showing off his newly acquired Hardwick Clothing-brand suits by providing the wardrobe for NBC s on-air talent during the network s broadcasts of NFL football games.But after NFL players and coaches challenged President Donald Trump and many took a knee during the national anthem played before their games over the weekend, Jones said he is through sponsoring the wardrobes or advertising on stations that air the National Football League.Jones, CEO of the payday lending chain Check Into Cash and owner of Hardwick Clothes   America s oldest suitmaker   tweeted his criticism and change of heart Tuesday. Our companies will not condone unpatriotic behavior!  said Jones, CEO of the payday lending chain Check Into Cash and owner of Hardwick Clothes   America s oldest suit maker.  For the 29 states we operate in, this isn t much to them, but it s a lot to us. The Tombras Group is our ad agency in Knoxville and our national media buyer for both TV and radio (for Check Into Cash) and don t look for Hardwick on the NFL either. Jones, a strong supporter of Trump, directed his media buyer, the Tombras Group in Knoxville, to remove any commercials for Check Into Cash, Buy Here Pay Here USA, or U.S. Money Stores from airing during NFL games  for the entire season.   Times Free PressAllan Jones appeared on Fox and Friends shortly after Donald Trump s inauguration to express his enthusiasm for his presidency and for his willingness to make American manufacturing a priority. Watch:The Story of Hardwick Clothes, Inc.Hardwick manufacturing plant is located on the outskirts of Cleveland, TN. The expansive new facility and modernized manufacturing equipment helped Hardwick stay competitive against an increasing supply of cheap, offshore clothing.Hardwick s reputation for American-made quality has helped the company survive and thrive in the face of outsourcing and cost-cutting. This status has helped Hardwick land contracts with a wide range of large clients, including the U.S. military and Major League Baseball umpires.Since its founding in 1880, Hardwick Clothes has endured factory fires, economic recessions, two World Wars, inflation and leisure suits. Despite these challenges, Hardwick Clothes has continued to produce unsurpassed suits, pants, and jackets for men and women, operating successfully with pride and quality.In June 2014, the company was acquired by Allan Jones, a prominent Cleveland, Tennessee, entrepreneur. Jones stated that Hardwick appealed to him because it was the oldest business of its kind in America. He announced his commitment to increased investment in the firm to help it regain its rightful status at the summit of the American clothing industry. ",0
17907,BREAKING NEWS: Controversial ALABAMA GOP Senate Primary Race Winner Announced,"Luther Strange will likely be the first and last establishment candidate Trump will make the admitted  mistake  of supporting Roy Moore defeated Alabama Sen. Luther Strange in Tuesday s Alabama Republican Senate primary runoff.The primary took on national importance as President Trump endorsed Strange, while traditional Trump allies, such as former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, backed Moore. They re going to say,  Donald Trump, the President of the United States, was unable to pull his candidate across the line. It is a terrible, terrible moment for Trump,  the president said while imitating news anchors at a Friday rally in Alabama in support of Strange.Strange become a senator when Jeff Sessions left his seat to become attorney general. The senator is a former lobbyist and was backed by a super PAC linked to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the Chamber of Commerce, a typical establishment GOP partner. Mitch McConnell and this permanent political class is the most corrupt and incompetent group of individuals in this country. They think you re a pack of morons. They think you re nothing but rubes,  Bannon said at a rally Monday in support of Moore.  They have no interest at all in what you have to say, what you have to think or what you want to do. However, Trump contended at his Friday rally in support of Strange that the senator barely knew McConnell, and that the Alabama senator is  determined to drain that swamp. The president would go on to say,  I ll be honest, I might have made a mistake,  and said he would campaign  like hell  for Moore if he were to win the primary. The former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice led the race throughout in the polls, and was up by 11 points in the final public poll.Moore is a major figure in Alabama and became nationally known in 2003 when he was removed from office after defying a federal court s ruling to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama state Supreme Court building.Like Trump, the former judge has a brash and sometimes offensive manner of speaking. Now we have blacks and whites fighting, reds and yellows fighting, Democrats and Republicans fighting, men and women fighting. What s going to unite us? What s going to bring us back together? A president? A Congress? No. It s going to be God,  Moore said in a campaign speech.  Daily Caller ",0
17908,WATCH: SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN Tells TMZ Sports Reporter He’s Okay With NFL Players Disrespecting Our Flag,"John McCain really doesn t care what topic reporters ask him about, he only cares how President Trump feels about it, so he can take an opposing view.  If President Trump agrees with a social or political issue, McCain disagrees with it. If Trump disagrees, McCain thinks it s a great idea.The cantankerous John McCain has become so predictable, it s almost laughable to hear his opinions anymore.  He s become an embarrassment to the Republican Party but refuses to give up the R behind his name to save the party of the humiliation of his antics.McCain s latest embarrassing interview happened today when TMZ caught up with him to ask him his thoughts on the NFL players taking a knee in a show of disrespect for our flag, as a way to support the anti-cop Black Lives Matter movement.  Instead of standing up our flag, or for his fellow veterans and the country he once fought so valiantly for, McCain took the cowardly way out and made a statement supporting the NFL player s right to disrespect our flag. Not surprisingly, McCain s remarks stood in contrast to strong admonition President Trump had for the disrespectful athletes in the NFL.Watch:",0
17909,BOOM! DirecTV REFUNDS NFL Sunday Ticket Subscriptions After Being Bombarded With Angry Calls From Customers Over National Anthem Protests,"Satellite service DirecTV is refunding NFL Sunday Ticket subscriptions for customers offended by the weekend s national anthem protests.Normally the company does not give refunds for the specialty package after the season starts, but it apparently changed course after getting calls from hoards of customers upset over the players and coaches who knelt for the anthem during Sunday and Monday games, one former subscriber said. I want to spend my money somewhere where it s gonna be appreciated,  former subscriber Paul Alvarado of Keller, Texas, told The Post.  I m paying for a product that should not include that kind of anti-American sentiment. Keller contacted DirecTV Tuesday to cancel his roughly $300-per-year plan when they surprised him by telling him he would get all the money back as a statement credit. The customer service rep he talked to said he had already received five calls to cancel on Tuesday alone, Alvarado said.DirecTV did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Alvarado said the policy change happened overnight. NYP ",0
17910,WATCH: 75-YR OLD TRUMP SUPPORTER Says She’d Rather Go To Jail Than Remove Trump Signs From Front Yard,"In a city that has more registered Democrats than Republicans, one has to wonder if the sizes of the signs are a problem, or if the excessive number of complaints from Hillary voters is really the issue A 75-year old Maine woman is saying that she would rather go to jail than take down her signs in support of President Trump.Susan Reitman of Rockland, Maine, is displaying two signs in her hometown that read  I Love Trump  and  He Won, Get over it,  according to New England Cable News.But the signs are in violation of local law because they are larger than allowed by the town, meaning she could face fines of $100 or more every day they re up.Assistant code officer Bill Butler told NECN that another resident had complained about the signs and that they are not allowed to be displayed without a permit.Signs in the town can be no larger than two square feet, while Reitman s come in at more than three feet by two feet.Reitman is pushing back, saying her right to free speech is more important than the law and has no plans to remove the signs or pay any fines. If I have to sit in jail for the rest of eternity, that s my choice,  Reitman said. I guess I m being stubborn   but I m not going to back down from what I believe. The Hill",0
17911,STUNNING PHOTOS EMERGE Of West Point Graduate and Infantry Officer Supporting Kneeling For Our National Anthem and Communism On Social Media,"Yesterday afternoon, on Twitter, some of that support came from U.S. Army Infantry Officer and U.S. Military Academy at West Point alumnus, Spenser Rapone.Rapone posts under the handle @punkproletarian and is a member of the Democratic Socialists of America.Under the hashtag #VeteransForKaepernick, he tweeted an image of himself raising the left clenched-fist of solidarity, support and resistance as well as the message,  Communism Will Win  taped inside of his West Point uniform cap. Also visible in the photograph is Rapone s Combat Infantryman Badge meaning he has fought in active ground combat.#VeteransForKaepernick pic.twitter.com/3jnCtawvHc  Commie Bebop  (@punkproletarian) September 24, 2017Rapone followed up his initial post with retweeted images of other #VeteransForKaepernick in their combat uniforms.In case there was any lingering doubt, hasta la victoria siempre pic.twitter.com/0XrW38wcCk  Commie Bebop  (@punkproletarian) September 25, 2017LawNewz verified the legitimacy of the photograph with Rapone himself. He is currently in the field until Friday and unable to answer detailed questions, but a Medium post authored by the Infantry Officer details some of his views. He wrote, following the murder of socialist Heather Heyer during the Charlottesville neo-Nazi rallies:The toppling of the Confederate Soldiers Memorial in Durham, North Carolina has sounded the death knell for any and all displays of Confederate aggrandizement in the United States as well as abroad. Yet, the shadow of the Confederacy and its efforts to preserve slavery is not limited to the southern United States.The response to Rapone s tweet has been mostly supportive though some have raised concerns about his personal and job safety and the image is quickly approaching viral status. He later sought to clear up any confusion by posting another image of himself. This time, sporting a Che Guevara t-shirt underneath his half-buttoned uniform, Rapone tweeted,  In case there was any lingering doubt, hasta la victoria siempre,  a popular slogan attributed to the late Marxist revolutionary, physician, and guerrilla leader who was ultimately killed and captured by the United States  own CIA.  LawnewzHere is one of Rapone s retweets showing his support for communism:Why did you join @DemSocialists ? pic.twitter.com/qbUD6JvoBh  Pittsburgh DSA  (@pghDSA) September 20, 2017LOL! Rapone retweets a comment made by Adam H. Johnson who complains about the government spending too much money to support our military, suggesting they reallocate those funds to students so they can get a free college education. Pentagon budget increase this week from $619B to $700B could cover tuition for every student at a 4-yr state university in US (total $70B).  Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) September 20, 2017",0
17912,WATCH: DETROIT ARTIST Takes Knee and Raises Fist While Singing National Anthem At Lions Game…Young Boys Standing Next To Him Appear To Be Confused,"Local artist Rico Lavelle was given the distinct honor and privilege of singing the national anthem on the Ford Field at the start of the Lions football game on Sunday. Singing the national anthem has always been about honoring our flag and the brave women and men it represents who have given their lives for our nation. The seriousness of what happened near the end of Lavelle s performance cannot be understated. Rico Lavelle used his privilege to honor our flag and our military to instead, take a stand against our current President, to support a divisive, Black Lives Matter, anti-cop movement, and to salute the violent Black Panthers on a national stage.The video in and of itself is very disturbing as it shows a total and utter lack of respect for the honor bestowed upon Lavelle, but if you watch closely, you ll see 3 or 4 young black boys who also had the privilege of taking part of the national anthem on the field. Sadly, the young boys appear to be confused about what the local artist Rico Lavelle, aka Midwest Rico, is doing when he kneels and raises his fist. Perpetuating the lie that America is more racially divided now than ever before, or that all police officers are bad people is (hopefully) not why the Lions asked Lavelle to honor our flag with his rendition of the  Star Spangled Banner .Watch:Rico Lavelle sang the anthem AND took a knee pic.twitter.com/mgno4HCzZQ  Jasmine (@JasmineLWatkins) September 24, 2017Lavelle s performance didn t end on the field, he immediately took to Twitter to criticize President Trump for being  Un-American .How can the ""leader"" of the free world be so UN-American?  rico lavelle   (@midwestrico) September 24, 2017Later on Twitter, Lavelle retweeted a message of encouragement from the Boston Globe Deputy Washington Bureau Chief and CNN contributor, Matt Visor:Here is the tweet of encouragement from the  NOT very objective Washington bureau chief of the Boston Globe and #VeryFakeNewsCNN political analyst Matt Viser:While hitting the last note of the national anthem in Detroit, singer Rico LaVelle took a knee as young black boys looked on pic.twitter.com/lVkQvKV7Sk  Matt Viser (@mviser) September 24, 2017To which Lavelle responded by calling himself an  example :Be the example https://t.co/UavKROgfl6  rico lavelle   (@midwestrico) September 24, 2017As a side note, FBI released data yesterday showing Detroit as the winner (again) as the nation s most violent big city.At 84.3%, Detroit has the highest percentage of black residents.Perhaps the players and owners of NFL teams would be better served to try and find ways to save black youths from killing each other, rather than manufacturing racial issues or putting targets on the backs of our brave law enforcement officers. The stunning chart below from the Brookings Institute provides a pretty strong argument that racism and law enforcement is not what s harming the black community:",0
17913,Unhinged NBA Coach: ‘White People Especially’ Need To Be Made ‘Uncomfortable’ [Video],"San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich is a total ass. There is no other way to say it! This jackwagon  claimed on ESPN2 s  The Paul Finebaum Show  Monday that  people have to be made to feel uncomfortable,  specifically singling out white people. It s no secret that he doesn t like President Trump and has made disparaging remarks about the president in the past. Now he says he thinks all white people should be made to feel uncomfortable? What a way to piss off your white fans! Wow!WHO MADE THIS GUY THE ONE WHO DECIDES WHO S COMFORTABLE AND WHO ISN T? Well, because it s uncomfortable, and there has to be an uncomfortable element in the discourse for anything to change. Whether it s the LGBT movement, women s suffrage, race, it doesn t matter. People have to be made to feel uncomfortable, and especially white people because we re comfortable. We still have no clue of what being born white means,  he stated.POPOVICH RESPONDS TO SPURS BEING UNINVITED TO THE WHITE HOUSE:Popovich on #Warriors White House visit being rescinded #Spurs #NBA pic.twitter.com/aY3KyV3uJL  Jabari Young (@JabariJYoung) September 25, 2017NBA COACH IS A SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIOR? WHO KNEW? If you read some of the recent literature, you ll realize there really is no such thing as whiteness, but we kind of made that up. That s not my original thought, but it s true,  Popovich said.He added,  Because you were born white, you have advantages that are systemically, culturally, psychologically there. And they have been built up and cemented for hundreds of years. But many people can t look at it. It s too difficult. It can t be something that is on their plate on a daily basis. People want to hold their position, people want the status quo, people don t want to give that up. And until it s given up, it s not going to be fixed,  the coach stated.REALLY???Read more: Daily Caller",0
17914,WOW! TOP SPONSORS OF NFL Issue Statements About National Anthem Protests,"Despite massive boycott threats by consumers, at least 3 major sponsors of the NFL have come out in support of players disrespecting our flag and our veterans. NFL players have joined the now unemployed 49 ers QB Colin Kaepernick to take a knee on the field during our national anthem as a way to show support for the Black Lives Matter anti-cop movement. The protest exploded over the weekend when President Trump spoke out against the disrespect NFL players are showing for our flag, turning the protest into an anti-Trump protest for players who many believe are still angry that Trump won the election, defeating the seriously flawed Democrat candidate, Hillary Clinton.Ford Motor Co., Armour Inc., and Anheuser-Busch InBev SA issued statements that affirmed NFL players  rights to kneel during the pre-game national anthem, while also sounding patriotic notes and affirming their support for the flag.Ford Motor Co, one of the biggest sponsors of the NFL just revealed that they are supporting the national anthem protests. We respect individuals  rights to express their views, even if they are not ones we share,  Ford stated.  That s part of what makes America great. Ford Motor Co chairman Martha Firestone Ford took her support for the players anti-cop, Black Lives Matter and anti-President Trump protests one step further when she joined her players on the field and linked arms with her daughters. The tangled responses are the latest version of the challenges faced by corporations in a world in which the president makes public demands and denouncements of companies via Twitter. General Motors Co., Campbell Soup Co., ESPN parent Walt Disney Co. and Uber Technologies Inc. have all faced calls for boycotts related to their perceived support of   or distance from   the White House.  BloombergAmericans are not as easily fooled by the actions of these disrespectful athletes and the team owners, as they work together with the media in an attempt to weaken and discredit our President for having the audacity to stand up for America, our flag and for the honor of every brave man and woman who have sacrificed their lives for our great nation.One of the great things about America is that consumers can decide not to purchase merchandise or goods from companies who continue to advertise with the NFL. ",0
17915,‘Kaep– Kaep– Kaepernick’…Pelosi Fumbles While Defending NFL Kneelers [Video],"A fumbling Nancy Pelosi tried to defend former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick s  First Amendment  right to kneel during the national anthem. She couldn t quite get the name out and stuttered to say it. If you ve been following pelosi, you know this is a common occurrence. Pelosi is a great example of why we desperately need term limits. During an appearance on  Meet The Press,  Pelosi sided with the former 49ers quarterback, and other players refusing to stand for our country It was a hot pink mess SHE JUST DOESN T GET IT OUT -OF-TOUCH LIBERALS HAVE NO CLUE! Colin Kaep  Kaep  Kaepernick, uh, doing what he did, says this flag enables me to do this. This national anthem enables me to do this,  she said, initially struggling to speak. This is about freedom of expression,  Pelosi said.NO NANCY, THIS IS ABOUT SHOWING RESPECT FOR WHAT OUR FLAG AND NATIONAL ANTHEM REPRESENT. THIS IS WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID:  We re proud of our country. We respect our flag, Wouldn t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag to say,  Get that son of a bitch off the field! He s fired. He s fired! MAGA!",0
17916,WATCH: Why NFL Players Taking A Knee Is Total Bullsh*t…It’s Really About “Trump-Derangement-Syndrome”,"Outspoken conservative Paul Joseph Watson is, as usual,  spot on  with his analysis of what is happening today with the overpaid, petulant athletes in the NFL who are  taking a knee  during our national anthem, as a way to protest the  injustices  against blacks by cops. Watson points out that while they re protesting the deaths of blacks at the hands of cops in their communities, they completely ignore the rampant black on black crime and the actual high crime rates by blacks in the cities where the alleged  injustices  are taking place. Watson also claims the NFL players are ignoring the fact  that white people are more likely to be shot dead by cops  than blacks.This week, NFL players and even some coaches, turned their ire against President Donald Trump for daring to suggest that NFL owners should be taking disciplinary action against players who disrespect our flag that represents the lives sacrificed by so many brave men and women who died giving them the right to protest.Paul Joseph Watson reminds Americans how prevalent violence is with many of the  thugs  who play in the NFL. Watson even suggests,  Maybe they all hate the police so much because the cops are the only ones stopping them from beating up their own wives and girlfriends. This new incarnation of  take a knee  isn t about protesting police murders of black people.  There haven t even been any high-profilee cases of that for months.  It isn t about patriotism. It isn t about free-speech.  It s just the latest manifestation of mass hysteria of Trump-derangement-syndrome. Watch: ",0
17917,WOW! FANS BREAK NFL JERSEY SALES RECORD For 3-Time Afghan War Vet Who Bravely Stood Alone For National Anthem…Now He Claims “Standing By Myself” Was “Mistake” ,"Pittsburgh s head coach Mike Tomlin showed his solidarity for players who took a cowardly stand against our President after Trump said NFL owners should fire players who disrespect our flag during the national anthem. The Pittsburg Steelers team and coaching disrespected our flag and our veterans who have sacrificed so much by hiding in a tunnel instead of joining the fans to honor our flag. After the game, coach Tomlin took it a step further, and openly criticized the Army Ranger and 3-time Afghan war vet Alejandro Villanueva, for standing during our National Anthem.Fans rewarded the brave offensive lineman buy snatching up so many of his jerseys, that Villanueva s jersey sales surpassed the previous record held by Patriots QB Tom Brady. Today, that vision of a hero Americans watched yesterday, who stood alone on the field, undeterred by angry leftists, determined to promote division and hate for our law enforcement, has been shattered.NYP  Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Alejandro Villanueva, who broke with his team to stand for the national anthem on Sunday, became the best-selling NFL player Monday, according to a report.The former Army Ranger, who served three tours of duty in Afghanistan, was the only Steeler to appear for  The Star-Spangled Banner  before the game against the Chicago Bears.Alejandro Villanueva was the only Steeler to come out for the National Anthem, standing in the tunnel. pic.twitter.com/L4EtxRQSvA  CBS Sports (@CBSSports) September 24, 2017Fans rewarded Villanueva by purchasing his jersey, helping him to break a record for NFL jersey sales:His patriotic counterprotest while his teammates remained in the locker room helped him unseat New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady as the top gear seller in the league, ESPN reported.A spokesman for Fanatics, which runs the NFL s online store, confirmed that more Villanueva items, including jerseys and T-shirts, had been ordered than that of any other NFL player in the past 24 hours.Less than 24 hours after the dust settled, and Villanueva s teammates and coach had a chance to vocalize their feelings about him standing alone, Villaneuva made a shocking statement to the press about his decision.The Pittsburgh Steelers player who is being heralded for taking the field on Sunday for the national anthem despite the rest of the team boycotting has now revealed that it was all a big mistake, and he meant to be in the tunnel with his fellow players.  Unfortunately I threw my teammates under the bus, unintentionally,  Alejandro Villanueva said on Monday. Every single time I see that picture of me standing by myself I feel embarrassed. Villanueva then explained that he had asked to stand in the front of the team with the captains of the squad at the last second so that they showed some respect for wounder veterans.That plan backfired though when he did not stop to check that the captains were by his side as he walked to the opening of the tunnel, which is how the 6ft 9in lineman ended up in plain view on the field as the national anthem began to play.Watch:His admission comes after thousands across the country declared him a hero for his actions, and began purchasing his jersey in record numbers to show support for what they thought was a calculated move.Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger also said on Monday that he was meant to be by Villanueva s side at the time, but got held back by the melee in the tunnel after the tackle walked too far out.  Daily MailSocial media isn t buying Villanueva s story:Villanueva has now been pressured to apologize, after his coach criticized him. So much for HIS free speech. https://t.co/quHh76R5F6  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 26, 2017 ",0
17918,‘Unable To Sleep’ NFL Quarterback Regrets Not Standing For National Anthem #BoycottNFL,"The man who won two Super Bowls for the city of Pittsburgh says that he now regrets the fact that he and his Steelers teammates refused to stand on the field for the national anthem during Sunday s game. Now he regrets it? How is it that these athletes didn t feel strongly enough BEFORE the anthem to stand up? Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger says he regrets standing in tunnel with team for national anthem pic.twitter.com/4hkoC8o7o1  Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) September 25, 2017  I was unable to sleep last night and want to share my thoughts and feelings on our team s decision to remain in the tunnel for the National Anthem yesterday.    RoethlisbergerCAN T YOU BE UNIFIED AS A TEAM BY STANDING FOR THE ANTHEM? The idea was to be unified as a team when so much attention is paid to things dividing our country, but I wish we approached it differently. We did not want to appear divided on the sideline with some standing and some kneeling or sitting.  He closed out by saying:  I appreciate the unique diversity in my team and throughout the league and completely support the call for social change and the pursuit of true equality. Moving forward, I hope standing for the Anthem shows solidarity as a nation, that we stand united in respect for the people on the front lines protecting our freedom and keeping us safe. God bless those men and women.  He also spoke on Monday during practice in Pittsburgh and confirmed that the Steelers will not skip the anthem again this season. Read more: Daily Mail",0
17919,MAN WALKS OFF JOB With Buffalo Bills After 30 Years After NFL Players Disrespect “Our Veterans That Fight and Die For Us”,"Stadium worker Erich Nikischer quit his job at New Era Field after almost 30 years. I waited until the National Anthem ended, I took off my shirt, threw my Bills hat on the ground, walked out,  Nikischer said in a sit-down interview with Channel 2 at his West Seneca home.Nikischer says he has no problem with players protesting before the National Anthem. It s when the kneeling continued into the song that strong feelings took over. During the National Anthem the song that is about our country, our veterans that fight and die for us, it s just something I feel you shouldn t disrespect that way,  he said.  I believe people have the right to protest; I just don t believe that s the proper venue for it. He s not alone in that latter sentiment. Safety Jordan Poyer s fianc  says that s how the couple feels, and that Saturday night, they decided he wouldn t partake in an on the field protest. I feel like there s a certain time or place where you should make a stand for something, and we both agree that it s not in your workforce, your work field,  Rachel Bush said.  So yeah, I agree there s something that should be done, but we both mutually don t agree that it should be done during their work during their football season. Nikischer said it was a hard decision, and that he will miss those he worked with. I will never step foot in that place again, I will never watch an NFL football game again until this ends,  Nikischer said.Watch his interview here: WGRZ",0
17920,"Senator Hatch to Healthcare Protesters: ‘If You Want a Hearing, You Better Shut Up’ [Video]","The Senate Finance Committee hearing for the Republican Graham-Cassidy health care bill became a screaming protest today. People in wheelchairs screamed and chanted in opposition to the bill One woman was removed for her disruption:Wow. pic.twitter.com/VOlQHBksPy  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017 In what was clearly a manufactured protest with mostly people in wheelchairs, the disruption was enough to make a key senator yell back.  Sen. Orrin Hatch responded to protestors whose shouting prevented the hearing s start, saying,  If you want a hearing, you better shut up. I d like to welcome everyone, and I do mean everyone,  Finance Committee Chairman Hatch said, referencing the large crowd of protestors.A protestor started screaming something unintelligible. Well if we re gonna,  Hatch began before the chants grew louder. If you want a hearing, you better shut up,  Hatch said, pounding his gavel. Let the police take care of it,  Sen. Chuck Grassley (R., Iowa) quietly told Hatch. Oh, I will. I will,  Hatch said.After a brief period of more chanting by protestors, Hatch turned to Grassley and asked,  What are they saying? Don t touch the Medicaid, save our  Grassley said before trailing off, clearly unsure of what the last part of the chant was supposed to be.The chant in question was,  Don t touch the Medicaid, save our liberty. The Senate has been expected to vote on the latest Obamacare repeal effort before the end of the month. Opposition has mounted against the bill, however, and with Republican Sen. John McCain already a definite  no,  and others doubtful, the bill s future is uncertain.Read more: WFB",0
17921,NASCAR OWNERS Put Anyone Who Disrespects Our Flag or Law Enforcement On Notice…YOU’LL BE FIRED!,"Several team owners said they would come down hard on any drivers who did not stand during the national anthem. That included NASCAR legend Richard Petty, owner of Richard Petty Motorsports. Anybody that don t stand up for the anthem oughta be out of the country, period,  Petty said (via the Associated Press).  What got  em where they re at? The United States. When Petty was asked if his drivers would be fired if they protest during the anthem as Trump called for, Petty emphatically said,  You re right. Richard Petty Motorsports currently employs Bubba Wallace, who recently became the first black driver in a NASCAR race in over a decade.Richard Childress, owner of Richard Childress Racing, also said he would not tolerate any drivers who do not stand during the anthem. It ll get you a ride on a Greyhound bus,  Childress said.  Anybody that works for me should respect the country we live in. So many people gave their lives for it. This is America. All drivers reportedly stood during the anthem prior to Sunday s race in New Hampshire.For entire story: Business Insider ",0
17922,WILL AND GRACE Writers Explain How Their HATE For PRESIDENT TRUMP Inspired Them To Bring Show Back After 11 Years [VIDEO],"When Will & Grace creators David Kohan and Max Mutchnick reunited the stars of the NBC comedy in fall 2016, more than 10 years after its finale, a reboot was not on their minds.  There was not one word about,  Let s figure out a way to do this again!    insists Kohan, 53. The pair were so sure that the project   a video in support of then-candidate Hillary Clinton   would be their last with the gang that they hired a film crew  as a way to memorialize the event for our daughters,  explains Mutchnick, 51.But NBC Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt had other plans. Less than two weeks later, the creators were back at the NBC commissary discussing a revival. The multicam returns Thursday, Sept. 28, for season nine, with a tenth season already greenlighted.Picking up  11 years later,  as the season premiere title suggests, the new episodes will largely ignore the events of the series finale, in which Will (Eric McCormack) and Grace (Debra Messing) both married, had kids and went their separate ways. Instead, the two are single and living together, still, with Jack (Sean Hayes) across the hall and Karen (Megan Mullally) just as rich and outrageous as ever.The other big change since the foursome last graced the small screen? The new president in the White House   despite Kohan and Mutchnick s best efforts on Clinton s behalf.  There s a lot of tension in the air, so there s a lot of things to write and there are a lot of reasons to make an audience laugh,  Mutchnick says.  THR3 weeks before the election, Will and Grace s writers produced a video using the cast the show s former cast to beg liberal viewers to vote for Hillary. The entire 9 minute and 37-second video was created for the sole purpose of trashing then-candidate President Trump. David Kohan From Bob Greenblatt were so inspired by the number of Trump-hating liberals who viewed their video received, that they decided to start the series back up again.The video includes classy lines from Will about then-candidate Trump being a  dick . When Grace reminds Will that the election is  all going to come down to undecided Pennsylvania s voters anyway, to which Will replies:  Right, the unemployed, uneducated, angry white man.   And there you have it, the arrogance of the liberal Hollywood writer, who expects Americans to sit down once a week and watch themselves be mocked and berated, as the writers refer to middle-America as UNEDUCATED, UNEMPLOYED, ANGRY WHITE MEN Watch the video that inspired the writers to bring back the angry new Trump-bashing sitcom: ",0
17923,"WATCH: DESPERATE FOR RATINGS, Megyn Kelly Goes On Ellen Degeneres Show…Blames Trump For Her Exit From FOX News…Claims She Was “Never A Political Person”…Ellen’s Not Buying It","Ahead of the launch of her daily morning show, Megyn Kelly Today, the NBC News journalist stopped by The Ellen DeGeneres Show, where she explained how Donald Trump influenced her decision to leave Fox News after 12 years.  THRIt s pretty clear by Ellen s reactions to Kelly s answers that she s not a fan, and that as an employee of NBC, she s being forced to  take one for the team  with this very forced interview of the very unpopular Megyn Kelly prior to the debut of her new show.Watch, as Kelly attempts to convince Degeneres that after several years of making a fortune on FOX News where she became popular for what appeared to be her passionate political views, that she was  never a political person . LOL! :Kelly spent a good time of her interview with Degeneres deflecting from her unpopularity with the general public by blaming President Trump for her decision to accept $17 million from NBC to make the move to fluff journalism. Donald Trump has a way of clarifying one s life choices and that was true in my case, too,  Kelly said, explaining how she was struck by how her primetime news coverage  became all political.  When Kelly contemplated if Fox News was the right place for her,  the universe came and sort of shone a light and it was clear to me what I wanted to do. DeGeneres asked if any of Trump s infamous tweets targeted at Kelly were particularly what motivated her move, but Kelly said it was more than just the tweets:  The country s so divided right now and it s so political. It s like politics has become like race, you can t discuss it at all. Degeneres, who is known for being funny, only appeared to laugh twice during the entire segment. The first time was when Kelly wasn t honest with the audience when she claimed her ratings at FOX went up after she disrespected the President. (See chart below from Oct. 13, 2016, following her full-blown feud with then-candidate Donald Trump:)The second time was when she made Kelly look like a complete jackass by suiting her up in a sumo wrestler costume, to which Megyn responded in a very awkward and NOT funny way. Watch: ",0
17924,"LIFETIME VICTIMS of Injustice, MICHELLE and BARACK OBAMA Are Looking To Buy $15 Million Piece Of Land From Caroline Kennedy On Martha’s Vineyard","Remember when Michelle Obama told an adoring crowd at the DNC Convention how she had to suffer through living in the White House that was  built by slaves ?Remember in 2015, when President Barack Obama used the  n  word during an interview where he talked about racism in America, and actually tried to convince the host that blacks are victims of racism today, as much as they were 200-300 years ago.Barack Obama invoked the most charged racial slur in American society during an interview published on Monday, as part of an argument that while the US has made great strides toward equality, racism still pervades the nation. Racism, we are not cured of it. And it s not just a matter of it not being polite to say nigger in public. That s not the measure of whether racism still exists or not,  Obama told comedian Marc Maron, who interviewed the president for his popular podcast on Friday and released their conversation online on Monday. It s not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don t, overnight, completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior. The legacy of slavery, Jim Crow, discrimination in almost every institution of our lives,  he continued,  that casts a long shadow and that s still part of our DNA that s passed on. Watch:Well, it appears that lifetime victims, Barack and Michelle Obama have finally broken the chains of oppression that have been holding them back since they moved from their mansion in Chicago in 2008, to the White House, and then to their multi-million pad in DC, as they set their sites on 2 separate pieces of VACANT land on Martha s Vineyard valued at $12 million and $15 million each.Word around the island is that the Obamas, who ve rented a place on the Vineyard for the past several summers, are looking to buy. The former first family has many friends on Martha s Vineyard   Harvard professors Henry Louis  Skip  Gates and Charles Ogletree, and former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, to name just a few   and they would like to own a place of their own on the island.The 44th president and his wife, Michelle, are believed to be focused  up island,  looking at homes or buildable lots in the rural communities of Aquinnah, Chilmark, and West Tisbury. (It s worth noting that the Obamas have always rented  up island,  including for a two-week stay this summer.)No one s talking, least of all realtors, but we re told that one property that may be getting a long look is a magnificent waterfront outpost in Aquinnah owned by Caroline Kennedy and her husband, Edwin Schlossberg. A few years ago, the couple, who inherited from Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis the 377-acre Red Gate Farm overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, subdivided the property and put two parcels on the market.Both are still available   but they don t come cheap. Sotheby s International Realty is listing a 75-acre parcel for $15 million, and a second 40-acre parcel for $12 million.The listing broker, George Ballantyne of Gibson Sotheby s International Realty, declined to talk to us. The properties appear on multiple sites, including Hancock Real Estate and Sand Piper Realty, which are both located on the Vineyard.  Boston Globe ",0
17925,REVEALED: HOW BARACK OBAMA IS FUNDING The “Resistance” Movement Against President Trump,"Wall Street might be shocked to learn it is helping bankroll the anti-Trump  resistance  movement that s aggressively fighting policies it favors   including corporate tax cuts and the repeal of Obama-era banking and health-care regulations.The payola is potentially earmarked for third-party interest groups approved by the Justice Department and HUD without requiring any proof of how the funds will be spent. Many of the recipients so far are radical leftist organizations who solicited the settlement cash from the administration even though they were not parties to the lawsuits, records show. During the Obama administration, groups committed to  revolutionary social change  sent proposals and met with high-level HUD and Justice Department officials to try to get their pieces of the settlement pie,  Cause of Action Institute vice president Julie Smith told The Post.Some of the chosen beneficiaries are now actively militating against the Trump administration and its policies, including:The Hispanic-rights group strenuously protested the Republican-led  skinny  repeal of the Affordable Care Act after receiving at least $1.5 million from the Obama regime s bank settlement funds, congressional researchers say.La Raza works closely with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and has teamed up with the anti-Trump resistance group, Indivisible, which was co-founded by La Raza alumnus Angel Padilla. Indivisible is working with La Raza and its affiliates to make sure  any bill that punishes sanctuary cities never goes to Trump s desk to become law.  They are encouraging activists to send postcards with pre-printed messages on immigration and health care to moderate GOP senators.NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUEAfter receiving at least $1.2 million from the bank-settlement slush fund, the African-American advocacy group solicited its supporters to oppose efforts to repeal ObamaCare by signing a letter to senators arguing  African-Americans stand to be disproportionately impacted.  It claimed more than 5 million black people would lose coverage under repeal legislation.NATIONAL COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT COALITIONSince hauling in at least $2.6 million in funds under settlement in the Obama-era mortgage suits, the liberal housing-rights group has slammed tax-reform proposals by the Trump administration as unfair, while trying to block efforts to privatize mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, claiming doing so would  deepen the racial wealth gap. NCRC is also actively lobbying against regulatory repeal of many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.The Washington-based group boasts more than 600 member organizations who lobby lawmakers through list-serves, mailings, sign-on letters and conference calls. Though it s assumed that funds distributed to such  qualified organizations  will be used for housing assistance, the bank-settlement agreements do not enforce how the funds are spent. It stands to reason that some of the settlement funds have helped bankroll the resistance  bent on stopping the Trump agenda for America, Competitive Enterprise Institute senior fellow John Berlau said.It s not clear how much money, in all, has been diverted from settlement funds to these and other left-wing organizations. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a full audit of the funds while discontinuing the practice of funneling Justice Department settlements to third-party groups. Any settlement funds should go first to the victims and then to the American people [through the US Treasury]   not to bankroll third-party special interest groups or the political friends of whoever is in power,  Sessions said in a recent statement.Still, The Post has learned that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau continues to force financial institutions it prosecutes to donate to third-party community organizers. More, penalties in such cases are deposited into the Bureau s now-$170 million-plus Civil Penalty Fund, which has, in turn, channeled almost $30 million to  consumer advocacy  groups.For entire story: NYP ",0
17926,BOOM! BRONCOS PLAYER Has Message For Fellow NFL Players Disrespecting Our Flag: “We Live In The Greatest Country On Earth”…If You Don’t Like It Here…”Why Do You Stay?”,"He clarified that protesting in the United States is a right, but he also challenged the players taking a knee: If there s somewhere better, why don t you leave?Broncos defensive end Derek Wolfe explained Sunday why he stands for the national anthem, referencing the troops and the ideal vision of America. Wolfe, who is white, did not reference whether he agrees with the basis of the protest that gained steam Sunday following President Trump s condemnation: to object to the treatment of minorities in the United States.Entering Sunday, only one white player, Seth DeValve of Cleveland, had joined the movement. I stand because I respect the men who died in real battles so I have the freedom to battle on the field,  Wolfe, 27, told ESPN in a statement.  Paying tribute to the men and women who have given their lives for our freedom is why I stand. But everyone these days likes to find a reason to protest and that s their right. It s America and you are free to speak your mind. I just feel it s disrespectful to the ones who sacrificed their lives and it s the wrong platform. But like I said to each their own it s AMERICA! The greatest country in the world and if you don t think we are the greatest country in the world and you reside here, then why do you stay? A lot worse places in the world to call home. Proud to be an American. Several of his Broncos teammates took a kneel Sunday, days after Trump urged owners to kick the  son of a bitch  who protests off the team. Wolfe s teammate Brandon Marshall knelt throughout last season.Wolfe, in his sixth NFL season, grew up in Ohio and played at the University of Cincinnati. He skipped visiting the Obama White House following the Broncos  Super Bowl win in 2016, saying,  I just had a lot of stuff going on, things to do.   NYP",0
17927,‘Die Hard’ Lion’s Fan Gives Best Ever #BoycottNFL Slap At Team Owner #MarthaFord : ‘My Greatest Regret’,"This heartfelt Facebook comment by a Detroit Lion s fan speaks for so many Americans:  I have been a die hard Detroit Lions fan since I first remember listening on the radio, all the way back to 1957. Since Tobin Rote, Yale Lary, Gail Cogdill, Lem Barney I don t ever remember missing a game on TV when I could watch. I support equality for everyone who couldn t? I understand there are issues and it s their right to protest and peacefully at that just wrong place/time. Mrs Ford had an opportunity to support those who gave their lives to allow her to live a life that most could only dream of living. She didn t. So today I break my streak I would rather work on my wife s  honey do  list than support Mrs Ford s position. Maybe I feel so strongly about this because I never served and it s one of my life s great regrets.ASK YOURSELF WHO IS MAKING THIS POLITICAL? THE LEFT IS MAKING THIS ABOUT POLITICS BUT IT S ABOUT RESPECTING OUR FLAG AND ANTHEM FOR ALL AMERICANS PERIODMartha Ford spoke out against President Trump s announcement that NFL players should be  fired  if they refuse to stand for our anthem: Our game has long provided a powerful platform for dialogue and positive change in many communities throughout our nation. Thanks primarily to our players, the NFL also has been a unifying force in our country and impactful change has and hopefully will continue to be the result of peaceful expression, done so in order to highlight social injustices of all kind. Negative and disrespectful comments suggesting otherwise are contrary to the founding principles of our country, and we do not support those comments or opinions. Prior to the Lions  game against the Atlanta Falcons, Ford was seen linking arms with the team on the sidelines during the national anthem at Ford Field. Some Falcons players also knelt or locked arms with team members.UNREAL!President Trump is 100% right on this! Boycott the NFL! ",0
17928,WATCH: PATRIOTS Fans BOO Players Who Disrespect Our National Anthem…Shout “Stand Up!” At Players Taking A Knee,"Pittsburgh Steelers players were absent from the sideline and remained in the locker room during the Star Spangled Banner.Alejandro Villanueva, who served three tours in Afghanistan, was the only Steelers  player to stand outside the tunnel for the anthem.The protests from each team came in the wake of Trump s critical remarks toward players who don t stand for the anthem.Last week across the entire NFL, only four players knelt or sat, and two stood with their fists raised.   Daily MailEarlier today, President Trump sent out this tweet in response to the action of the NFL players:Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag   we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017The Patriots players made their statement, and many fans did so in response.Before Sunday s Texans-Patriots matchup in Foxborough, Mass., about 20 Patriots players, according to ESPN, took a knee during the national anthem, the first time anyone on the team had joined the growing protest.In return, a loud chorus of boos was heard sandwiching the singing of  The Star-Spangled Banner.  According to the Boston Herald, there were shouts of,  Stand up,  as they knelt.Tom Brady, the face of the team and the league, did not take a knee but stood with his arms locked with other players and his hand over his chest.The Patriots have been intertwined with Trump, with Brady, coach Bill Belichick and owner Robert Kraft pals with the president. After Trump s attack on the protests, though   saying owners should cut ties with  the son of a bitch  who kneels during the anthem   Kraft said he was  deeply disappointed  in Trump.It s been a Sunday in which not just players, but owners, executives, and fans have been forced to take a side. There were similar reports of booing in Indianapolis, too.   NYPPresident Trump retweeted this awesome message from Donna Warren earlier today, reminding the NFL that if they choose to boycott our flag, we can boycott the NFL as well:You can boycott our anthem WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU! #NFL #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ryYzZnXjXE  DONNA WARREN   (@DonnaWR8) September 24, 2017",0
17929,WATCH: JUDGE JEANINE Defends President Trump…DESTROYS NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell…DISRESPECTFUL and Violent NFL Players,"Judge Jeanine tears into NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, who is putting political correctness before the sport of football. Jeanine asks,  Do we have the fortitude, courage, and determination to stand up to those who threaten our values?   Judge Jeanine mentioned Trump s appearance in Alabama last night when he asked the crowd,  Wouldn t you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say,  Get that son-of-a-b*tch off our field, right now! He s fired! NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell called the President s comments  divisive.  Divisive? Where was Roger Goodell when Barack Obama was dividing our nation with the help of Al Sharpton?Judge Jeanine went on to call out the violent nature of so many of these players who have been accused and arrested for beating their wives and girlfriends and even homicide. Judge Piro reminded her viewers of the lack of interest in fans who want to watch the NFL or the politically motivated ESPN former sports network.Watch:.@JudgeJeanine: ""All of a sudden football players are lovers of the Constitution and the First Amendment   you're full of crap."" pic.twitter.com/3SDkEi6b4H  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 24, 2017",0
17930,#Austin: Fights Break Out Between Police and Soros Commies [Video],"Commies carrying flags fought with the Austin police and disobeyed orders during a protest in Austin, TX today. So these commies want to tell their fellow Americans what to do? Their judgement isn t so great if they re supporting communism Ya think? The cops should stand strong against the tyranny that is happening right now.Chanting their way through downtown Austin, the capital of Texas, demonstrators denounced Confederate symbolism and called for the dismantling of public works and streets that bear the name of Confederate icons like Robert E. Lee: Red paint sprayed on signs around the city:Spotted in South Austin: Red spray paint over almost all the street signs on Robert E. Lee Road pic.twitter.com/pI1RJNvv8y  Alexa Ura (@alexazura) August 14, 2017 Like it or not, the Civil War is a part of our history. These protesters might want to pick up a history book and read it. People on both sides fought and died black and white! Only Virginia has more Confederate symbols (which include roads, schools, statues and county names) than Texas.Austin has already been taking steps to remove public reminders of its history as part of the Confederacy. Just last week Texas House Speaker Joe Strauss called for removal of a plaque near the Capitol that asserts slavery was not the underlying cause of the Civil War. And finally after years of resistance, administrators at the University of Texas Austin decided to take down Confederate statues on campus.",0
17931,PRESIDENT TRUMP SLAM DUNKS Golden State NBA Punk Stephen Curry Who Bragged About Not Going To White House To Celebrate Championship,"In June of 2017, it was reported that the newly-crowned NBA champions the Golden State Warriors were preparing  a political statement  by refusing an invitation to the White House to visit President Donald Trump.The Oakland-based basketball team, led by head coach Steve Kerr, decided immediately after Trump s election on November 9 that it would shun the new president if it won the NBA championship, according to Comcast SportsNet.Golden State Warrior player Kevin Durant bragged about not visiting President Donald Trump at the White House if the NBA champion Golden State Warriors are invited. Nah, I won t do that,  said Durant, the 2017 NBA Finals MVP.  I don t respect who s in office right now. Yesterday, Stephen Curry bragged about not visiting the White House. Stephen Curry doesn't hold back on whether he'll vote to visit White House. pic.twitter.com/n2PBAtYQdA  Chris Haynes (@ChrisBHaynes) September 22, 2017Today, President Trump who is clearly sick and tired of all of these overpaid athletes spewing a completely bogus narrative about him being a  racist  or supporting racism, shot back and rescinded Stephen Curry s invitation to the White House. In his tweet, President Trump reminding Curry that it s a  privilege  to be invited to celebrate their victory with the President. Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team. Stephen Curry is hesitating, therefore invitation is withdrawn! Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017President Trump should have also reminded the petulant Stephen Curry that there s a high likelihood most of his fans couldn t care less about his political opinions, and that whining to the media about not wanting to go visit the President (who was elected by the majority of Americans) at the White House will probably not help his brand for future marketing gigs.If Americans are fed up with professional sports turning into political arenas, they can start by turning off so-called  Sports networks  like Disney owned ESPN, whose hosts are nothing more than political hacks promoting the hate and giving these overpaid athletes political views more attention than they deserve.  Americans need to start turning off programs with controversial, race-obsessed hosts like Chris Hayes (who tweeted Curry s statement) and Trump-hating Jemele Hill who are more concerned about starting a race war in America than discussing sports.",0
17932,Great Answer! Sean Spicer Asked To Name CNN Reporter Who ‘Did Good Work’ During His Time In The Trump Administration,"Sean Spicer was asked during a Washington Post interview,  which White House reporters  did good work . He was able to rattle off eight names and then said,  I m missing a bunch, for sure. Spicer was then asked if he forgot to include anyone from CNN who did good work during his time in the White House YOU KNEW THIS WAS COMING:Spicer gave the best answer ever Oh, no   We have to agree that the CNN correspondents have had it out for President Trump from day one. This is also  a dig at  combative WH correspondent Jim Acosta. How could we forget the exchanges with Acosta! A bulldog!CNN s Jim Acosta keeps trolling President Trump and keeps making a total fool of himself! The latest moment was after signing a trade bill when Acosta asked why the president didn t hold a press conference Trump s response is priceless!President Trump to @Acosta:  I like real news. Not fake news. You re fake news.  https://t.co/TssGvNyUct pic.twitter.com/sQ3IR8IRdX  CSPAN (@cspan) August 14, 2017REMEMBER THIS JIM ACOSTA MOMENT?We wish President Trump could clone SENIOR ADVISOR Stephen Miller! He s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! We can t say the same for the White House Press Corp! The Trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! Miller got the best of them!ANOTHER GREAT TAKEDOWN!Fox News reported:Trump and Acosta have famously traded jabs since the president called Acosta  fake news  during a press conference earlier this year. If Spicer was going to compliment anyone from CNN, it would presumably have been the reporter he dealt with on a regular basis   but the former press secretary failed to mention Acosta when he had the chance.Acosta comes off as combative toward the White House on a regular basis and some insiders feel his grandstanding was one reason press briefings weren t televised over an extended period this summer. In addition to Trump and Spicer, Acosta sparred with White House adviser Stephen Miller last month over the administration s immigration policy. Miller famously accused the CNN reporter of having a  cosmopolitan bias. ",0
17933,LAST MAN STANDING’S TIM ALLEN On Why He Wasn’t Allowed To Call Obama A “Communist” On TV And Why Hillary Reminds Him Of HERPES,"Before ABC cancelled Tim Allen s number one show  Last Man Standing,  Allen spoke with the Hollywood Reporter. They asked him why he has such strong political views. They wanted to know if he was a fan of Donald Trump s, what he thought of Hillary and Bill Clinton, and if it s really true that he wanted to run an episode that included raising a communist flag over the White House when Barack Obama was President. Whose idea was it for Mike Baxter to have loud, conservative political views?I brought that to the table. I wanted to be provocative. Mike Baxter is an educated Archie Bunker.Definitely. But you know what? I ve earned it. I don t say that lightly. I ve been on a successful show and learned from the best. But I find Last Man Standing actually rougher than Home Improvement. We re getting away with a lot of stuff. I m really shocked. This is a meaner, sharper comedy than I m used to. There s a lot of times our very liberal writing staff will come up with stuff that even my character would say,  I don t know if I can say that. How much is playing this right-leaning character an outlet for you to express your own political views?It s getting more and more comfortable. These guys know me so well that they re writing stuff that is exactly what I would ve said. It s a marvelous thing when you have lib eral people writing for [a show like this]. I believe Stephen Colbert was like that. He was pretending to be a conservative, I think. Someone said that. I never got that, but maybe I didn t watch it enough.Has the line between you and your character blurred over the years?For most of my life, I ve been taxed above 38 percent. When you re a young guy working the road and literally close to half of what you make goes to people who don t help you at all but just bitch about it the whole time, that s where I come from. I come from  no taxation without representation,  and it manifests itself in very peculiar points of view.How are you different from Mike?He s milder than I am. You wouldn t want to hear what I have to say. Escalate Mike Baxter with profanity and that s basically me. He s much more tepid because he s a business owner. Mike Baxter is calmed way down, and I m definitely not that guy.What riles you up the most?Unearned responses, unearned praise, unearned income: I have opinions about it. When you watch the debates, on both sides you see clowns who say shit that ain t ever going to happen, but lately, one party is the free shit party. They are just telling people they re going to get all sorts of free shit. When you say you re going to get free education, free healthcare   f , free brown loafers   of course, everybody s going to say yes to that.But you don t mean it. That s how you rack up debt, and debt is killing us. Whatever party is going to get us out of debt is my party.Who scares you?Well, we asked the female writing staff if they d vote for Hillary just because she s a woman, and they all said yes. So then the question was,  So if Sarah Palin was the female?  They all choked and they had to say,  Oh God, yes, we d vote for her.  I didn t quite buy it. I don t think you should vote for somebody just because they re tall, thin, yellow, green, whatever. Bernie Sanders, as nice a guy as he is, none of that shit s going to happen. And Trump can t send everybody to Mexico or whatever the f  he said. But give that guy the roads, bridges, infrastructure, power grid   just have him fix that shit for four years. He s good at that. And he s a businessman so he understands how debt load works. Forget the stupid shit he says about immigrants. That s just ignorant. But he might be able to do the stuff that really needs fixing.So you re not opposed to Trump?I m not opposed to anybody if their workload matches their bullshit load.Why has the show gone after Hillary but not Trump?It s a little surprising to me. We have a very liberal writing staff, so I m surprised they haven t taken a shot at him. But we re not sure he s going to last, whereas the Clintons are like herpes: Just when you think they re gone, they show up again.Didn t you try a bit about Obama raising the communist flag at the White House that never made it to air?We got network notes saying you can t call the president a communist. So, of course, I really wanted to. I do it in rehearsal all day long. ",0
17934,FLASHBACK: Mark Steyn: Why The US Is Becoming A Banana Republic [Video],Mark Steyn is dead on when he calls out the feds for wiretapping Paul Manafort since 2014 3 years! Think about that!  The ruling party is using the cover of national security rules to get the goods on their political opponents. Steyn calls out James Clapper for lying It s pretty obvious that Steyn s on to Clapper and detests what he s done.Mark Steyn   We re huge fans! Mark Steyn s previous commentary on the testimony regarding Russia is spot on: Mark Steyn is fantastic! He was on Tucker Carlson to discuss the intel hearing today on the Russia investigation. He sees through all of the total BS the Dems were throwing out in their testimony on Trump and Russia. Mark Steyn is the adult in the room when it comes to getting to the truth Awesome!Mark Steyn is a gifted guy. One of our favorites!,0
17935,No Class Michelle Obama Takes Several Swipes At Trump During Tech Speech And Veiled Swipe At Clintons: ‘People that won’t go away’ [Video],"No class and no decorum! The always bitter Michelle Obama told a Salt Lake City audience today that  we are looking at two different administrations. THIS IS LAUGHABLE:One, she said, was built on hope. The other is being led with fear.WE RE IN THIS MESS BECAUSE OBAMA DIDN T PUT AMERICA FIRST BUT MICHELLE SAYS:  It isn t just us first,  she said, a reference to Trump s  America First  agenda.  We live in a big country and a big world.   You can t just want to help someone in a hurricane and not make sure they can go to the doctor when they re sick. HUH?Her remarks, part of an hourlong moderated conversation, came on the last of a three-day tech conference hosted by Pluralsight, a Utah-based company.She claimed  things are tough right now  and suggested  we re being tested,  Obama professed that she  continues to be hopeful  that the political climate will improve. A BUNCH OF WHITE GUYS . WOMEN AND PEOPLE OF COLOR Obama urged computing companies to invest in and hire more women and people of color  Changing that composition, Obama said, will take encouraging girls at a young age to study science and math. It will mean bridging  the technology gap  that persists in low-income districts. It requires revisions to the public-school system. And it warrants forming hiring committees with more women and people of color.  You can t just say you want to fix the problems, you have to mean it,  Obama said.  If a bunch of white guys are sitting around the table trying to get more women involved, they re not going to come up with the answer.  For Utah s Silicon Slopes and elsewhere, she added, a behavioral change in the office environment at IT corporations will need to accompany that shift. You can t hire women and then they come in and they re working for chimps. No offense   you guys aren t all chimps,  Obama said to laughs from the crowd.  I call my husband a chimp sometimes, especially when he s watching the Sports Center. I m like  Come on. Look at you. You re an animal. CLINTON JAB? What Barack and I don t want to be is the people that won t go away,  she said, finishing the event with a standing ovation.  We want to help the next generation come up and take our seats. Read more: sltrb",0
17936,ABC Producing Comedy Involving Illegal Alien Family…That’s Funny?,"ABC just announced  that it s  developing  a comedy series about an illegal alien family. This is an attempt to normalize criminal illegal behavior, Yes, you broke the law when you crossed our border! There s nothing funny about that!The sitcom, tentatively titled Sanctuary Family, centers on a husband and wife who constantly clash over the chaos created when they provide sanctuary for their undocumented nanny and her family, Deadline reports. The two families slowly come to learn that their similarities far outweigh their differences.The ABC comedy joins a growing number of network and cable projects that take on the hot-button political issue of immigration and illegal aliens in America.CBS IS GETTING INTO THE  ILLEGAL  GAME TOO:Two undocumented immigrant-focused dramas are in the works at CBS and The CW from Golden Globe Award-winning actress and activist Gina Rodriguez (PICTURED BELOW)The CBS project, Have Mercy, follows a Latina doctor who, after being unable to practice when she immigrates to Miami, begins running a makeshift clinic in her apartment to serve the community. The CW series, titled Illegal, is a lighthearted hourlong  undocumented family sitcom  centered on a 16-year-old boy struggling to come to grips with his and his family s undocumented status.READ MORE: BREITBART NEWS ",0
17937,Bonkers! Watch MSNBC Anchor Lawrence O’Donnell’s Unhinged Outtakes [Video],"Lawrence O Donnell had a really bad night on August 29, 2017. We draw that conclusion based on the clip below showing behind the scenes footage of a furious O Donnell absolutely going bananas in what appear to be breaks in his show.The video, which lasts a full eight minutes, is a collection of clips from one evening given O Donnell s consistent outfit and show the MSNBC anchor fuming about earpiece malfunctions, blasting off obscenities and screaming at his staff. We were able to link it back to the August 29 show.After introducing a clip about President Donald Trump, O Donnell pauses, and during what one can presume was the clip going on air, a sudden flush of anger creeps onto his face. What s going on, why am I losing this, why don t I have sound,  he starts, voice rising.  Who s asking for a Labor Day rundown in my ear? God dammit,  he mutters, shaking his head, before bursting into a brief spasm of fury and slamming his fists on the desk.In the next clip, O Donnell finishes up a segment, and declares:  There s insanity in the control room tonight.  He then begins to visibly shake with anger, but manages to hold his tongue, and continues reading from the prompter. You have insanity in my earpiece,  O Donnell then seethes through tightly drawn lips.  Fuckin. The pattern continues in subsequent clips, with O Donnell continuing to complain angrily about someone talking into his earpiece.And then. STOP THE HAMMERING!  O Donnell cries suddenly, in response to a knocking sound running faintly in the background.He then stands up and launches into a shouted tirade past the camera. STOP THE HAMMERING UP THERE. WHO S GOT A HAMMER? WHERE IS IT? WHERE S THE HAMMER? GO UP ON THE OTHER FLOOR. SOMEBODY GO UP THERE AND STOP THE HAMMERING. STOP THE HAMMERING. I LL GO DOWN TO THE GODDAMNED FLOOR MYSELF AND STOP IT, KEEP THE GODDAMNED COMMERCIAL BREAK GOING. CALL FUCKING PHIL GRIFFIN, I DON T CARE WHO THE FUCK YOU HAVE TO CALL. STOP THE HAMMERING. EMPTY OUT THE GODDAMNED CONTROL ROOM AND FIND OUT WHERE THIS IS GOING ON. Phil Griffin is the president of MSNBC. Fucking out of control shit,  O Donnell adds.In the next and final wild piece, O Donnell complains about the editing of a clip, wringing a piece of paper into a tight roll and throwing it to the ground. Jesus Christ,  he then says as he adds a pen to the things he chooses to slam on his desk.  Crazy fucking sound coming in my ear, this fucking stupid hammering. It just fucking sucks,  O Donnell laments, staring down at his desk.  It fucking sucks to be out here with this out of control shit. If the MSNBC anchor needs a sympathetic ear, his best bet may be an unlikely friend: former anchor titan Bill O Reilly, who boasts the most infamous on-camera meltdown in cable news history.",0
17938,WATCH: MAXINE WATERS Hits New Low…Trash Talks President Trump While Giving Eulogy At Friend’s Funeral,"Yeah, well about that.Crazed Congresswoman Maxine Waters found an unusual venue to spew her hatred for President Trump over the weekend, viciously smearing the  dishonorable  President while delivering a eulogy at a friend s funeral.Waters speech went off the rails at the funeral of comedian Dick Gregory, where the firebrand liberal suddenly screamed,  I m cleaning out the White House,  and bizarrely claimed that the KKK had infiltrated Trump s cabinet. I m cleaning out the White House. We re going to sanitize the White House. We re not going to take what is happening in this country,  said Waters. And then comes along this person. This person who does not respect you. This dishonorable human being who cheats everybody! This dishonorable human being who will lie at the drop of a hat,  she wailed.  This dishonorable human being who has the alt-right, and the KKK and everybody else inside his Cabinet! When I get through with Donald Trump, he s going to wish he had been impeached!  she added.   Hannity.comWatch Maxine honor her deceased friend by going off the rails at the mere mention of President Trump s name:Just imagine how much wealthier Trump would be if he could find a way to be compensated for living inside so many liberals heads rent-free.",0
17939,Good Side? Barbra Streisand Would Only Be Photographed “From Her Good Side” At Hurricane Telethon,"This is rich! We ve heard for years about the outrageous demands from Streisand but this takes the cake! Barbra Streisand only wants to be shot from her  good side    even when it comes to charity.The singing diva joined other A-list celebrities such as Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Fallon, Justin Timberlake, Kerry Washington and Diddy at the  Hand in Hand  relief benefit in LA last week, but made sure fotogs shot her best side (which we re told is the left side of her face). There were a ton of celebrities on the red carpet, but she wanted to walk the carpet in reverse order, so the cameras would only shoot her good side. It was as if she was a salmon swimming upstream,  a source quipped.Streisand is famous for insisting on being shot from the left; she even swapped seats with Fallon as a guest on his  Tonight Show. She and the other stars helped raise millions for hurricane victims during the telethon benefit.Read more: Page Six",0
17940,Limousine Liberal Leo DeCaprio Joins Globalist John Kerry: Climate Deniers Like Trump Shouldn’t Hold Office [Video],"Two hypocrite climate change freaks decided to pontificate to a packed house at Yale. Both John Kerry and Leo DeCaprio love to hear themselves talk so this had to be a snoozefest. The most ironic thing about the preaching on global warming coming from these two men is that they have HUGE carbon footprints. Does Leo not understand that we know he travels by private jet and big yacht What a joke! These two blow hard limousine liberals are why Trump won.At a Yale University talk hosted by former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Leonardo DiCaprio says that politicians who do not believe in the  facts and truth  of climate change should not be in office.The New Haven Register spoke glowingly of the overflow crowd and the mission  the planet s future is at risk :Actor Leonardo DiCaprio and former Secretary of State John Kerry Tuesday urged Yale students to become a political force to fight global warming because the planet s future is at risk. The popular actor was joined on the stage at Woolsey Hall by Kerry, the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee who lost to incumbent President George W. Bush but was Secretary of State from 2013-2017. An enthusiastic crowd filled the 2,650 seats of the old hall, including the balconies. The event climaxed a two-day climate change conference hosted by the Kerry Initiative that addresses global challenges.DeCaprio donated $20 million to the cause:Leonardo DiCaprio just donated a $20 million grant to help combat climate change Tuesday evening during the speech at Yale University.We must demand that politicians accept climate science and make bold commitments before it is too late. I still believe that the United States has the potential to lead the world on this issue,  DiCaprio said.  We can only hope that the President begins to see it too, before it is too late. ",0
17941,NBC NEWS CHIEF Makes Ugly Confession About Debut Of New Show With Unpopular $17 Million Host Megyn Kelly,"NBC News chairman Andy Lack confessed to nervousness about Megyn Kelly s upcoming network morning show, saying the risk is  unnerving  and  a little scary. Lack s confession about Kelly s upcoming debut is not exactly a vote of confidence for their $17 million golden girl Kelly, the former Fox News host, is debuting her daily 9 a.m. ET show  Megyn Kelly Today  on Sept. 25. Her summertime  Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly  newsmagazine program served as a test launch of sorts, but it disappointed, both critically and in the ratings.Lack signed Kelly away from Fox with an offer reportedly worth more than $17 million a year. Her show will follow Savannah Guthrie and Matt Lauer on NBC s treasured  Today  show, which wins its time slot in the vaunted 25-to-54 demographic.   WFB",0
17942,Maxine Waters Hijacks Funeral To Bash Trump…Turns Service Into Wild-Eyed Lynch Mob [Video],"Maxine Waters got downright nasty at the funeral for Dick Gregory. She used the funeral to bash President Trump in a big way. She s not dumb this is her base. She started with:  I ve got work to do  That s pretty rich for a woman who has done NOTHING for the people she represents. She s only lined her pockets. Shame on her!Waters repeatedly called President Trump a  dishonorable human being.  She went further by indicating his White House cabinet was filled with KKK members and the Alt-right. She even mentioned what she thought Dick Gregory would say about Trump s actions with Putin.  Did he collude with Russia? I bet you Dick Gregory would tell me,  Yeah, he did it.  Whether impeached or not, Waters is sure she ll leave a lasting impression on the president.  We re gonna let someone come along, like this  thing  in the White House and dishonor us all?  I don t think so!   When I get done with Donald Trump, he s gonna wish he had been impeached,  she said.Just a nasty woman! Her hate is palpable but her corruption is even bigger. We think Maxine Waters should be tossed on her bum out of Congress! Maxine Waters doesn t even live in her district! She lives in a multi-million dollar mansion!She s a  poverty pimp ",0
17943,NFL’S PHONY PATRIOTISM: US Defense Department Paid NFL DISGUSTING $4.5 Million For On-Field Flag Appearances…Welcome Home Tributes,"Every day, the NFL gives fans another reason to stop supporting them. Although the NFL agreed to refund a small portion of the money our Defense Department (US taxpayers) have paid them to show support for our military, it s the idea that Americans have been duped into believing it was something they did out of honor or reverence for our military. The NFL has reached a new low with their acceptance of players who are disrespecting our flag to promote Obama s race war while disallowing the Dallas Cowboys to honor the 5 police officers slain in their hometown by a Black Lives Matter terrorist. Don t forget, they also looked away when Cleveland Brown s player, Isaiah Crowell posted an Instagram picture of a cop with his neck being slit open. The NFL never said a word. They never even acknowledged what some considered to be a terrorist type threat to our law enforcement.In May 2016, the NFL announced that they would return more than $700,000 of taxpayers  money that was paid to teams for sponsored military tributes.After being criticized for  paid patriotism,  in which money came out of the armed forces budget for various measures of public recognition during games, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said that the league would pay that money back.In a letter written to Senators Jeff Flake and John McCain on Wednesday, and disclosed on Thursday, Goodell said that   following an audited review of 100 marketing agreements from 2012 to 2015 by accounting firm Deloitte & Touche   teams were deemed to have received $723,734 for acts of sponsored patriotism. Given the immense sacrifices made by our service members, it seems more appropriate that any organization with a genuine interest in honoring them, and deriving public credit as a result, should do so at its own expense and not at that of the American taxpayer,  the report said.  Americans deserve the ability to assume that tributes for our men and women in military uniform are genuine displays of national pride, which many are, rather than taxpayer-funded DOD marketing gimmicks.   PGLast year, Flake and McCain disclosed that the U.S. Department of Defense had spent $5.4 million in contracts with 14 NFL teams from 2011 to 2014. Some of those contracts disclosed that payment was for on-field flag ceremonies and tributes to welcome home veterans. One team, the Atlanta Falcons, had made more than $1 million from the department over those four seasons.The National Guard spent $6.7 million on contracts with NFL teams from 2013 to 2015. Via: ESPNThere has never been a better time to boycott the NFL, their merchandise and any of their sponsors.",0
17944,TUCKER CARLSON SLAMS Arrogant ILLEGAL ALIEN Guest: “You Don’t Have a Right to Demand Anything!” [VIDEO],"Tucker Carlson started out his show by showing a video of leftist Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi being verbally attacked by illegal aliens for allegedly negotiating with President Trump on the issue of the unconstitutional DACA program for  dreamers  that Barack Obama put in place.Here s a short clip of the illegal aliens attacking Nancy:After Tucker showed Nancy being shouted down by illegal aliens, he turned to his guest Ivan Ceja, who also happens to be an illegal alien that refers to himself as a  DACA recipient . Tucker told Ivan Ceja, an ILLEGAL ALIEN who is the founder of Undocumedia that he finds it  striking  how ungrateful illegal aliens are about how good they have it in America. Ceja went on to threaten to hold US representatives accountable for not representing them.Things got ugly immediately after Tucker explained to Ceja that he has no right to demand anything from US lawmakers as a non-American citizen.Watch the heated exchange here: ",0
17945,Student’s Hands Tied? High School In Hot Water For Slave Reenactment Tradition,"If this isn t white guilt on steroids and indoctrination, we don t know what is! Teachers need to teach history and not use it as a way to indoctrinate kids. Playing slave ship captain and slave is extreme and has been going on for some time at this Cerritos, California high school sickening!Whitney High School junior Timothy Reyes had his hands taped together and was a part of a slave ship reenactment when he was an 8th grader on the Cerritos campus.SO THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR AT LEAST THREE YEARS!A mother complained recently after getting an email from her son s teacher explaining the  unique classroom activity,  which was to be a surprise. Staff would act as slave ship captains, the email described, and the children slaves.After lining the kids up, the note said, they d  use masking tape to  tie  their wrists together, make them lay on the ground, and in a dark room have them watch a clip from the film  Roots.   Our education system has been so destructive to young minds with all of the indoctrination into radical liberal thinking.  Nothing could be worse than having liberals take control of education.THE PHOTO ABOVE IS FROM CRAZY LIFELINE EXHIBITION:THIS IS MORE OF THE SAME RIDICULOUS  I M SORRY  WHITE GUILT TRIP The first Lifeline Expedition journey was the Jubilee 2000 Lifeline Walk in England. During the course of that journey, it became evident that the major reconciliation issue between Europe and Africa, was that of the legacy of the Trans-Atlantic slave trade.In 2002, a team of 20 from the three corners of the former slavetriangle, Europe, West Africa and the Caribean, travelled through France. For the first time the slave coffle was used, with white Europeans and Americans walking in replica yokes and chains as a symbolic sign of apology for the slave trade.In 2003, the Lifeline Expedition visited Spain and Portugal and another new feature was added: copies of the apology statement for the slave trade, issued at the last Liverpool City council meeting of 1999, were delivered to city halls.Other ports of call have include the USA, the Caribbean, and West Africa.Via: CBS Local",0
17946,ILLINOIS: ENTIRE TEAM OF 8-Yr Old Kids Perform Disgusting Act of Disrespect For Our Flag and Law Enforcement Under Guidance Of Coach,"Every player on the Cahokia Quarterback Club football team (8 and under) took a knee during the national anthem ahead of Sunday s game at Little Devil s Field in Belleville. One of the kids asked me if I saw (people) protesting and rioting in St. Louis. I said yes; I said,  Do you know why they are doing it?  said Coach Orlando Gooden.Coach Gooden said his player responded,  Because black people are getting killed and nobody s going to jail. Gooden, who played football at Mizzou, said the kids knew about the Jason Stockley decision. I felt like it was a good teaching moment for me to circle the team and have a meeting,  he said.Watch:Here are just a few shocking statistics the coach could have shared with his players about neighboring E. St. Louis, IL:WND- Before Ferguson exploded in reaction to the August shooting of black teen Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson, the St. Louis police chief raised eyebrows when he called for the use of drones to monitor high-crime areas.The proposal was a response to what St. Louis police authorities called  subhuman, antisocial, urban terrorist  behavior by criminals.St. Louis also is homeof the notorious  Knockout Game,  a random but racially motivated assault that has claimed at least six lives.St. Louis is 44 percent white and 49 percent black, but statistics shows a racial imbalance in crime. Based on the city s official crime data for 2012   the most recent year which data are available   97.6 percent of those arrested for murder were black and 2.4 percent were white. More than 82 percent of those arrested for serious crimes like murder, aggravated assault and larceny were black, while just 17.5 percent arrested were white.Black males in St. Louis were responsible for the vast majority (63.5 percent) of crimes committed. Other groups contribute significantly less to the serious crimes in St. Louis. White males made up 17 percent of arrests, black females were 14 percent of arrests and white females only 5.3 percent of arrests.There are other strange imbalances in arrests: Black females were arrested for 14 murders compared with three white males arrested for murder. Black females were arrested for more robberies, aggravated assaults and larcenies than white males.These are just a few of the lowlights in a city on the verge of becoming, as U.S. News said, the most dangerous city in America.Consider one violent night in St. Louis last June when 18 people were shot in seven different shootings. Bloody Night Leaves Many in St. Louis Outraged  read one headline.However, some of the shooting victims were not outraged enough to cooperate with law enforcement. St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay described the  no snitchin  mentality of many crime victims: These are disputes, and there are victims who won t talk to the police,  the mayor said.  Trying to make an arrest isn t that simple. In one case, they ve got (multiple) people shot and not one of them would identify the shooter. Slay remarked,  In the vast majority of these cases, people are using their guns to settle their own petty feuds, and that s really what s very unfortunate and outrageous about this. Local news reported on a shooting in a housing complex involving an AK-47 in which  a black male armed with the AK-47 came around the corner [and] started shooting  at an 18-year-old woman and four of her friends.Juanita Sparks, 60, of St. Louis told reporters,  I am tired of thugs. Colin Gordon, author of  Mapping Decline: St. Louis and the Fate of the American City,  calls St. Louis  the poster child of white flight.  However, middle- and upper-middle class blacks are also leaving the city in significant numbers.The Cahokia football coach, who had the perfect opportunity to educate these young minds about getting a good education and staying away from a dead-end life of crime, instead, took the opportunity to disrespect the law enforcement officers tasked with protecting these crime-ridden neighborhoods.  The coach said he spoke to them about that and other situations that have happened in our country. He then explained why former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick started kneeling during the anthem.  Fox 2",0
17947,WATCH: NORTH KOREAN Delegation Sits In FRONT ROW as PRESIDENT TRUMP TAKES AIM at “Rocket Man” and his “Suicide Mission” On World Stage,"In his tweet, President Trump mentioned that he spoke South Korea s President Moon and that he informed the President that long gas lines are forming, indicating that the sanctions are working.I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2017In a brilliant, no-holds-barred speech, President Trump made it clear to every leader in the UN assembly that America will not sit back and allow its citizens or its allies to be threatened by the rogue nation of North Korea. Trump told the UN assembly:  No nation on earth has an interest in seeing this band of criminals arm itself with nuclear weapons missiles. The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea.  Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself, and for his regime.  The United States is ready, willing and able, but hopefully, this will not be necessary. That s what the United Nations is all about. That s what the United Nations is for. Let s see how they do.THE MAD MANHe did it!#Trump calls Kim Jong Un #RocketMan at United Nations pic.twitter.com/HGfxs4a8Qw#MAGA #UNGA U.N. General Assembly  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) September 19, 2017The North Korean delegation was sitting in the front row of the UN assembly while President Trump blasted the reckless actions of their unhinged leader Kim Jong Un or  Rocket Man. The North Korean delegation is sitting in the front row for Trump's UN speech..interesting.  Nick Short   (@PoliticalShort) September 19, 2017",0
17948,LIBERAL HOLLYWOOD IMPLODES! Ratings Are In For The Trump-Bashing Emmys…Insignificant Celebrities Are Dealt MAJOR BLOW!,"This summer s box office numbers were the worst they ve been in over 25 years, and now this   KNOCK, KNOCK! Who s there? Karma Adjustments might take a little of the sting out of the news that Sunday night s Emmy telecast was a ratings catastrophe, but any adjustment will only make the nightmare a little less nightmarish. Instead of being the lowest-watched Emmys in its 69-year history, Sunday night s telecast might be able to squeak into the second-lowest.As of now, though, it looks as though all that promised Trump-hating resulted in a record low, which is especially shocking (at least to bubbled Hollywood) because last year everyone was certain the bottom had been hit.Regardless, the die is cast. Last night was yet-another ratings flop for Hollywood s Beautiful People. As of now, it looks as though fewer than 11.3 million viewers tuned in to watch host Stephen Colbert s hate-fest. That would mean the 69th Emmy telecast had fewer viewers than last year s 68th, which currently holds the all-time low ratings record.What we do know for sure is that the 8.2 overnight rating is lower than 2016 s 8.4. Even in the coveted 18-49 age group, TVs Greatest Night flopped with a pathetic 2.8, which proves that even young people are tired of watching rich elites publicly work through their inability to come to terms with losing the 2016 presidential election.This news, of course, comes just days after the ratings for the MTV Awards hit their own record low.What has to be especially galling to Colbert and his fellow social justice glitter-warriors, is that in a country of 330 million, fewer than five percent tuned in, cared to watch even a minute of the show, was not in the least interested in their Big Thinks on issues n  stuff, including President Trump who, despite the unrelenting hate campaigns from the media and Hollywood, still holds (if you believe the polls) a 40% approval rating. We all know it is higher, especially in the only states that matter.As Hollywood has gotten more political, more divisive, more bigoted towards Normal People, and more hateful, take a look at the nuclear fallout. America is more red, more Republican-led than at any time since Reconstruction. On every level, Democrats have been wiped out of electoral office.  Breitbart NewsAnd the best part is President Donald J. Trump continues to live rent-free in these small-minded celebrities heads.",0
17949,LOOK WHO “THE VIEW” HIRED To Replace Only “Conservative” On Their Panel After She Dared To Ask Hillary The Wrong Question [VIDEO],"Jedediah Bila is at most, a lukewarm conservative. She s a hardcore Trump hater, so the show gave her a little leeway when it came to expressing her lukewarm conservative views. Apparently, no one gave her permission, however, to ask Hillary Clinton to accept some responsibility for her loss during a taped segment last week.When Hillary agreed to appear on The View to hawk her new book,  What Happened  that explains why everyone else is to blame after was clobbered in the 2016 presidential election by Donald J. Trump, she certainly didn t expect to be challenged by the token conservative, who clearly hates President Trump. In other words, Hillary and likely the entire panel of dingbats on The View believed she was entering a  safe space , but that didn t turn out to be the case, as Bila zinged her with an unexpected question, that forced Hillary to scramble for an acceptable answer to her question. Of course, Hillary s answer had nothing whatsoever to do with the question Bila asked her, as Hillary hilariously attempted to blame the media for her loss. The 5:30 point is where Bila crosses Hillary Not surprisingly only one week after Bila s question of Hillary, the token conservative host finds herself in the unemployment line, while Meghan McCain, the daughter of one of the worst RINO s in the Senate will be taking Bila s spot, as the lukewarm conservative on the panel of hosts with the dingbats of The View.Meghan McCain told liberal rag PEOPLE magazine that she shed tears when Donald Trump officially won the GOP nomination for president at the Republican convention.For anyone who thinks Bila expected to be exiting The View, a quick look at a couple of her most recent posts on Facebook show that she was gearing up for the next season with the dingbats at The View:Only 5 days ago, Bila posted about hoping that Hillary would come back to discuss the issues with her:Most of her questions were softball questions and she spent a great deal of time trashing our president, but something happened lately, as Jedediah seemed to be actually defending her conservative principles. She recently challenged the racist, Trump-hating CA Congresswoman, Maxine Waters and her over-the-top rhetoric about our sitting President. The hyena s on the panel and the clapping seals in the audience would have nothing to do with an opinion that is contrary to anything other than the hard left. Why Bila put up with those dingbats for so many seasons is a mystery to many who watched. Apparently hating Donald Trump is enough to land a semi-talented female a coveted seat at The View s leftist propaganda table.Watch:Maybe it was just the Clinton interview that ended her career, or maybe it was a combination of the Waters and then Clinton interviews, either way, The View can sit back and rest easy, as Meghan McCain doesn t have a conservative bone in her body, and the  Goebbels Sisters  can now carry on, uninterrupted with their disinformation campaign about President Trump and about the American people who support him.",0
17950,St. Louis Riot Police Reportedly Chant ‘Whose Streets? Our Streets!” After Arresting 80 Protesters,"According to the Associated Press, a group of riot police reportedly chanted  Whose streets? Our streets!  Sunday night after arresting more than 80 violent rioters protesting the acquittal of an officer who shot a black man in 2011.A large group of rioters stayed after a dispersal order on the third day of protest against officer Jason Stockley s acquittal in the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith. After dispersing the group, police took a page out of the protesters  book and began chanting  Whose streets? Our streets! .  A police commander at the scene claimed he hadn t heard the chant, but called it  not acceptable. Here is a link to a video that confirms what journalists heard, police chanting  Whose streets, our streets  2X. https://t.co/NwjEUEJ7LI  David Carson (@PDPJ) September 18, 2017The three days of protest showed a common trend. Starting Friday, the protests remained peaceful throughout the day, only for violence to break out at sunset. Sunday night s protesters blocked roads, broke windows at two businesses, and threw trash cans into the street.TAKE BACK THE STREETS!ABOUT 11 POLICE OFFICERS HAVE BEEN INJURED SO FAR!Thank goodness the officers are actually doing a great job of arresting the violent protesters. It s about time and will help to stop the destruction to the city and violence to innocent bystanders.Police also reported that one officer was sent to the hospital with a leg wound and that protesters were spraying an unknown substance at officers. The hospitalized officer s condition is unknown. These criminals that we ve arrested should be held accountable and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,  Police Chief Lawrence O Toole said at a conference.  We re in control. This is our city and we re going to protect it. READ MORE: DAILY CALLER",0
17951,Finger Wagging Maxine Waters on Illegal Aliens and the Wall: ‘This is their country!’ [Video],"Maxine Waters is one angry woman. She has gone non-stop with attacks on President Trump since he was elected. Speaking to the Westchester-Playa Democratic Club at an LA church in April, Waters defended illegal immigrants, saying America is  their country.  No, America is not their country.  This is their country! THE QUEEN OF THE RESISTANCE MOVEMENT: But, we ve got to resist that. We ve not only got to resist that, we ve got to stand up for our friends, for our neighbors. It is  what God would have us do I m hoping and praying that this wall will never be built, and if we impeach him, we know it s not going to get built. WHAT ABOUT THE WALL?  AUNTIE  MAXINE HAS A WALL! WHY NOT AMERICA? Auntie  Maxine has a big wall so why can t the rest of America have a wall? Walls must be for the little people Speaking of walls, look at this giant wall around your mansion, @repmaxinewaters #WallsWork #VoteOmarNavarro2018https://t.co/RuORrn21KX pic.twitter.com/OkkncT6U0k  Omar Navarro (@RealOmarNavarro) September 11, 2017A wall is good enough for Maxine Waters  mansion, but she doesn t think the country should have one to protect against illegal immigration.Waters  opponent, Omar Navarro, posted video of a hedge wall surrounding the congresswoman s property that protects her from the unwashed masses.Waters  home is in Hancock Park, a tony neighborhood in Los Angeles, which he said is outside the 43rd congressional district in California.Here s a Google street view of the property:Both Zillow and House Canary   two website that estimate the value of residential properties   report Waters  home on Lucerne Boulevard is valued at $3.9 million.Waters has said that she plans to impeach Trump to stop him from building a wall to protect the United States.",0
17952,HEY DEMOCRATS! Judicial Watch Just Discovered Hillary Invited Putin To 2009 Clinton Foundation Gala…Is This The Collusion You’ve Been Looking For?,"The March 13, 2009, email from the Clinton Foundation showed that Putin and about 200 other leaders (including others just as controversial) were invited to attend a gathering that occurred at about the same time that the newly appointed secretary of state was attempting a  reset  with Moscow.The email, which was sent from Clinton Foundation director of foreign policy Amitabh Desai to Assistant Secretary of State Andrew Shapiro and then forwarded to top Clinton aide Jake Sullivan, also highlights the potential massive conflict of interest between a non-profit foundation and the federal government.Even after losing the election, Clinton has continued on the warpath against President Trump s stance on Russia. He doesn t just like Putin, he wants to be like Putin,  Clinton said of Trump on MSNBC s Rachel Maddow show Thursday night.But as secretary of state, Clinton took pains to engage with the Kremlin. Just one week prior to sending out the invites, Hillary flew to Geneva and presented the Russian foreign minister with an actual  reset button  to symbolize a new beginning in U.S.-Russia relations.Beyond the Putin invite, many serious conflicts of interests arose from the sitting secretary of state s invite list.Judicial Watch explains further:The list includes dignitaries from Saudi Arabia, which gave $14.5 million to the Clinton Foundation; Kuwait, which gave between $5 and $10 million; Oman, the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar   all of which donated between $1 and $5 million over the years. In February 2015, the Washington Post reported,  A third of foundation donors who have given more than $1 million are foreign governments or other entities   and foreign donors make up more than half of those who have given more than $5 million.   Conservative ReviewHere is the first page of the email obtained by Judicial Watch:",0
17953,WHOA! BILL O’REILLY DROPS BOMBSHELL Report About Key Accuser In Sexual Harassment Case That Could Prove He Was Unjustly FIRED By FOX News,"Bill O Reilly needs to ask the investigators assigned to defend him in a sexual harassment case that eventually led to his firing for a full refund. O Reilly s reputation, as well as his career, were destroyed by a woman, who it turns out, is not only a two-bit phony, but a liar as well.O Reilly tweeted,  Sorry to have to post this article but it is necessary to expose the evil in play in this country. More to come.  after Newsmax broke the story about a key accuser in the O Reilly sexual harassment case that eventually led to his firing by the liberal Murdoch brothers at the Fox News network.Newsmax has obtained two documents that cast doubt on Burgess s credibility.A Detroit Police report dated Feb. 11, 2015, documents Burgess s arrest on charges of making a false report and obstructing a court order.According to the police document, Burgess called authorities and alleged her boyfriend had struck her in the face with a gun. Police said when they arrived at the scene Burgess  appeared intoxicated. The arresting officer stated:  I asked Ms. Burgess where the gun was that she was struck with in the face, she replied there is no gun. I again asked her where the gun was, and if she had been assaulted. Ms. Burgess stated there was no gun, and he didn t assault me! The boyfriend told police she had threatened him, saying she would call  the cops saying you hit me with a gun! According to the police document, Burgess was arrested for filing a false felony report and for violating a personal protection order.In a statement provided to Newsmax, Lisa Bloom, Burgess s attorney, acknowledges the police report involving her client, but states that Burgess and her former boyfriend  both believe the charges were based on a misunderstanding and were not pursued by the police or prosecutors. In another document, a social media user thought to be Burgess tweeted on Nov. 24, 2012:   up until 10 years ago Laurence Fishburne could get every oz. of my hot chocolate. Addressing that tweet, Bloom stated:  Ms. Burgess has used many terms to refer to herself, including on occasion  bitch  and the N word. That does not give others   especially her superiors in her workplace   permission to use offensive language about her. Here is attorney Lisa Bloom celebrating with her client, Perquita Burgess who we now know, has a history of filing false reports against men:With my beautiful and brave client Perquita Burgess as she walked through her fear and emerged triumphant yesterday. pic.twitter.com/Qw1wihd0zh  Lisa Bloom (@LisaBloom) April 21, 2017In April, O Reilly was fired from Fox News shortly after Perquita Burgess claimed the host made sexually suggestive comments to her, including calling her  hot chocolate. Burgess worked at Fox News for several weeks in 2008 as a clerical temp.Shortly after an April 1st New York Times report detailed sexual harassment allegations by several women against O Reilly, Burgess called a 21st Century Fox hotline claiming alleged workplace misconduct by O Reilly. 21st Century is the parent company of Fox News.At the time her charges emerged, O Reilly s program,  The O Reilly Factor,  was already in the throes of an advertiser-boycott campaign being pushed by several liberal organizations. I had no idea who this woman was,  O Reilly told Newsmax. O Reilly denied ever having a conversation with her. So when it came out, it was stunning,  he said.The day after O Reilly was fired, Burgess went public with her account in a high-profile appearance on ABC s  The View.   NewsmaxBill O Reilly accuser Perquita Burgess told the dingbats at The View that she felt triumphant when the Fox News Channel host was fired following an investigation into claims of harassment by women. Perquita Burgess, a former clerical worker at Fox, went on  The View  Thursday to talk about encounters with O Reilly nine years ago.Watch Perquita tell The View dingbats how Bill O Reilly allegedly calling her  Hot chocolate  is racist.  Not only was it sexual, I took that as very  plantational  remark. You know, I ve been around enough racism, whatever. ",0
17954,WATCH: RACIST RAPPER WHO HUNG WHITE KID In Latest Video Gets Cold-Cocked On Stage,"Rapper XXXTentacion released a controversial video for his singles,  Look at Me  and  Riot,  on Tuesday, which featured the hanging of a young white child, but he wasn t able to do much against a grown man.Video from June showed the raper XXXTentacion got sucker punched onstage and knocked out cold during his show in San Diego   which turned into an all-out brawl that left one person stabbed.Go HERE for black conservative Terrence Williams take on the horrific video showing a white kid being hung in front of a black kid.The video of the attack is insane   XXX was up on the mic performing Wednesday night when the attacker socked him out of nowhere. Security scrambled and beat the piss out of the unidentified puncher.While all the attention was on the nasty rapper who got knocked out, the person who cold-cocked him on stage was pummeled by security. Is it part of the security detail s job to mob beat anyone who harms the performer they ve been hired to protect, or is it their job to capture and detain him until the proper authorities have arrived? Let s hope this guy who jumped on stage and gave this disgusting rapper a little dose of karma has a good lawyer because he needs to sue those security guards for using excessive force XX was eventually carried offstage. One of his tour managers tells us he was unconscious for at least 2 minutes. We re also told XXX and his camp believe the attacker was hiding backstage.Cops say another fight broke out later in the parking lot as well. Fans at the venue seemed to blame rapper Rob Stone for the melee   they chanted his name as soon as the fight started, but it s unclear if he s really involved.  Conservative Fighters ",0
17955,WATCH: FOX and FRIENDS Host BRIAN KILMEADE Immediately Makes WHOOPI Regret Telling Him To “Read A Book”,"You almost have to feel sorry for Whoopi Goldberg. Her emotional arguments are no match for the very smart conservative Brian Kilmeade, who prefers to use facts and rely on actual history to support his positions.On the 16th anniversary of 9/11, Fox News  Brian Kilmeade asked Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke about the future of the 9/11 Memorial given the current climate of removing memorials that negatively affect some snowflake s politically correct sentimentalities. Do you worry 100 years from now that someone s going to try and take that memorial down like they re trying to remake our memorials today?  Kilmeade asked. I m one that believes we should learn from history,  Zinke responded,  and I think our monuments are part of our country s history. We can learn from it. And since we don t put up statues of Jesus, everyone s going to fall morally short, and I think reflecting on our history, both good and bad, is a powerful statement and part of our DNA. The next day on The View, co-host Whoopi Goldberg had a few choice words for Kilmeade Victims, 9/11. Perpetrators, Confederacy. You understand the difference?  Goldberg said, referring to the Fox News host.  When you see something that is put together to intimidate  and that is celebrating a group of people who decided that they wanted to fight for their right to own slaves. I think it s kind of you can t it s beyond apples and oranges. Get a book, read a book, crack a book, read something. But Kilmeade wasn t about to take any of it lying down. Firing back on his radio show, The Brian Kilmeade Show, that afternoon, the Fox News host said he couldn t  wait to clarify something that they skewed. They are now putting a definer on the Jefferson Memorial in Washington DC. They are now defiling the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC. They are chopping off heads of Columbus who I don t think fought in the Civil War but I gotta crack a book according to Whoopi Goldberg,  Kilmeade said. To put your values on people that lived 200 years ago, I think it shows the arrogance of our generation,  Kilmeade responded. What about all those people who thought it was perfectly okay for women not to vote?  Kilmeade asked.  What about all those people  that thought it was perfectly okay for blacks to go to the back of the bus? Are they all horrible people? They re brought up in a time where for some reason that was considered the norm. But as a society, we kept getting better. We always keep improving. But you can t say that Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson are bad because you don t agree with everything that they did.   BizPacReviewWatch Kilmeade s epic response below, via Fox News Radio:",0
17956,TRUMP RETWEETS HILARIOUS Video Of Him Hitting Golf Ball That Hits Crooked Hillary In The Head…Left Goes NUTS!,"On September 13, President Trump warned Hillary on Twitter that the Americans she referred to as the  deplorabes  would come back to haunt her, as she travels around the nation on her  blame anyone and everyone but me  book signing tour for her embarrassing new book  What Happened .The ""deplorables"" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 14, 2017Thousands of Trump supporters responded to his spot on tweet to Hillary with various comments and videos. The funniest video clip or GIF, came from  Mike  who sent a hilarious video of President Trump golfing and then showing the golf ball landing squarely on the back of Hillary s head, sending her flying into the cockpit of the plane she s boarding. While Hillary s trip into the cockpit is real, (probably a result of too much chardonnay that she s always bragging about drinking), Trump hitting her in the back of the head with his golf ball is obviously not real.Watch:Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary pic.twitter.com/vKhxxFCBV1  Mike (@Fuctupmind) September 14, 2017Sadly, the left continues to prove that they re just a bunch of crybabies and delicate snowflakes who clearly can t take a joke. As we ve all come to expect by now, the left went nuts on Twitter simpy because our President retweeted a GIF  that he found humorous. Here are a few of their responses:Apparently the only person left that has free speech is the @POTUS in this dictatorship! #impeachTrumpnow  Julie-lynne (@Tattooed_Athena) September 17, 2017Hi @FLOTUS! Just wanted to bring to your attention an example of cyber bullying that promotes violence against women! 1/2  FDT (@BookReader93) September 17, 2017Mr. President, you may want to focus on your job, because that golf swing is ATROCIOUS!  Ron Pompeii (@RPompeii) September 17, 2017This man is vile and is virtually one of the only people I have ever truly despised.  Melissa Demidov (@DarthSiGi) September 17, 2017President Trump also retweeted this image of what the electoral map will look like after the 2020 presidential election if the Democrats continue down the same path of hate and division: pic.twitter.com/1zo6zc2pxt  Trumpism 5.0  (@Team_Trump45) September 17, 2017",0
17957,WOW! HUNGARY’S PRIME MINISTER Follows Through On Promise To Build Border Wall…George Soros Will Be Furious When He Sees The STUNNING Number of Illegal Immigrants He’s Kept Out So Far,"Hungary has slashed illegal immigration by over 99 per cent after rolling out a series of powerful border fences in response to the European migrant crisis, possibly providing a lesson as to the potential impact of constructing President Trump s much-discussed southern wall in the U.S.A razor-wire fence built along Hungary s southern border with Serbia and Croatia has helped to sharply reduce the number of migrants from the hundreds of thousands who last year moved up from the Balkans towards northern Europe, especially Germany.Hungary says it has registered 19,140 asylum applications in 2016 and more than 14,000 migrants have crossed its southern borders illegally.Speaking on the second anniversary of the government s move to seal Hungary s border with Serbia   which is also an external border for the European Union   Prime Minister Viktor Orb n s Chief Security Advisor Gy rgy Bakondi announced that the fences have caused illegal immigration to collapse from 391,000 in 2015, to 18,236 in 2016, to just 1,184 in 2017.In February 2017, Prime Minister Orb n took his war against George Soros public:Hungary s populist prime minister on Friday lashed out against billionaire financier George Soros, claiming he and groups backed by him want to secretly influence the country s politics.In his annual state of the nation speech, Viktor Orban said groups partly funded by Soros, who was born in Hungary, needed to be made transparent and identifiable. Large-bodied predators are swimming here in the waters. This is the trans-border empire of George Soros, with tons of money and international heavy artillery,  said Orban, who received a Soros-funded scholarship as Hungary was transitioning from communism to democracy in the late 1980s. It is causing trouble   that they are trying secretly and with foreign money to influence Hungarian politics,  Orban said.Breitbart:  The system of technical barriers is the key to the success of border security, and without it, it would be impossible to stop the mass arrival of immigrants , the security chief explained.Hungary had to respond rapidly to the migrant influx which burst upon Europe after Germany s Angela Merkel announced there was  no limit  on the number of asylum seekers her own country would accept, so its frontiers are defended by twin fences peppered with watchtowers and patrolled by thousands of newly recruited border guards rather than a solid wall   which would have taken longer to construct.Nevertheless, as it has been steadily reinforced illegal migration has slowed to a trickle   drawing the ire of open borders activists like billionaire financier George Soros and globalist officials at the European Union and the United Nations.In June 2017, Orb n told the Hungarian parliament that his country  will not give in to blackmail from Brussels and we reject the mandatory relocation quota.  Schulz shot back swiftly at Orb n in his speech on Tuesday.His comments came as the European Commission voted to launch infringement proceedings against the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary for not taking in refugees under a mandatory 2015 quota system advocated by Germany that aimed to relocate 160,000 refugees across the Continent.Hungary s badass Prime Minister Viktor Orb n has consistently stood up to leftist EU bullies who are demanding that all EU nations take their  fair share  of the mass influx of mostly Muslim refugees. We shall not allow others to tell us whom we can let into our home and country, whom we can live alongside.    Prime Minister Viktor Orb nWatch Prime Minister Viktor Orb n s historic speech in March 2016, where he demands other European leaders find their backbone and save Europe before it s too late. His speech will make you want to stand up and cheer! Mr.Orb n says  That s a German problem,  Schulz said.  Let me make this perfectly clear: When it comes to agricultural policy, it s all  Yes, please.  When it comes to subsidies, it s all  Yes, please.  And when it comes to solidarity in refugee policy, it s  No, thank you    that s not acceptable. ",0
17958,LOL! Costco Puts Hillary In “Milk Aisle” For Book Signing…Customers Shout “HILLARY FOR PRISON!”…Ask For Membership Refunds [VIDEO],"Laura Loomer decided to make a trip to Brookfield, CT to see how customers at Costco were receiving Crooked Hillary at her book signing tour. Loomer is the same awesome activist who bravely stormed the stage in Central Park and disrupted the Trump assassination play (click HERE for the video), this summer. Last week, Loomer was forcibly removed from Hillary s book signing in New York. When it was her turn to have her book signed, Loomer asked Hillary questions like,  Where are your 33,000 emails?  and  What happened to Seth Rich?  (Click HERE for Hillary ambush video). Hillary s reaction was priceless.Here is Laura s video showing the reaction by customers to Hillary appearing at their local Costco for a book signing: Protesters at Hillary Clinton book signing in Brookfield, CT https://t.co/QYNtcVGlKJ  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017Loomer was eventually blocked by secret service from getting too close to Hillary. Hillary clearly didn t want any more nasty videos out there exposing the truth about the questions Americans really want to hear her answer:Just showed up to @Costco for @HillaryClinton book signing and when I arrived police said @SecretService told them not to let me in.  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017That moment when @HillaryClinton blocks Laura from going to Costco with secret service and she wanted to be president?? Haha. Way to go loom https://t.co/kmModmdsJ8  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) September 16, 2017Costco did allow Loomer inside the store, in spite of Hillary s request to keep her away:Thank you @Costco for respecting my first amendment right and allowing me inside despite @HillaryClinton telling @SecretService to ban me!  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017Loomer was told by Costco employees that they don t understand why Costco would allow her to come and that customers were canceling their memberships:A @Costco employee just told me ""IDK why they even let her come. They said a lot of people have canceled their memberships. We hate her."" https://t.co/c7t8TpF39o  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017Hillary was strategically placed in the  milk aisle  and  behind the toilet paper  at Costco:Behind the toilet paper & yellow rope is where @HillaryClinton was signing books. Yes, #WhatHappened is in the toilet paper aisle @Costco! pic.twitter.com/37j1z6CnjD  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017Could've been in the @WhiteHouse , but now @HillaryClinton is signing copies of her fiction book next to gallons of milk.   #WhatHappened pic.twitter.com/Qdg276pSmL  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017Here s a great video of some anti-Hillary protesters that were found in the parking lot of Costco, shouting  Hillary for Prison :""I think it's a disgrace that @Costco has @HillaryClinton. She's a criminal!""   Westchester. Housewife with a #Trump flag pic.twitter.com/YpdLq7yaTI  Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) September 16, 2017This Twitter user shares a great photo and comment:So Trump is in the White House and Hillary is between the bottled water and toilet paper at Costco signing her book pic.twitter.com/4JfoYRbz4u  Renna (@RennaW) September 16, 2017",0
17959,BOOM! FORMER SHERIFF DAVID CLARKE Has A New Nickname For Racist Maxine Waters…And It’s PERFECT!,"FOX News   The New York Times reported earlier this week that Sessions felt  humiliated  after Trump accused him of  disloyalty  because he recused himself from the Justice Department s investigation into the Trump campaign s ties to Russia.Trump  unleashed a string of insults  at Sessions, who would later go on to say Trump s reprimanding was the most humiliating event he experienced as a public servant, according to the Times.Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., tweeted Friday that Attorney General Jeff Sessions now knows how African-Americans feel after he was reportedly  humiliated  by President Trump over his recusal in the Russia investigation.On a podcast in May, Waters referred to Sessions as  very dangerous,  before adding,  I think he s a racist, and I think that he absolutely believes that it s his job to keep minorities in their place. To Jeff Sessions, how does it feel to be dragged & humiliated? Now you know how the African Americans you disrespected feel,  she tweeted.To Jeff Sessions, how does it feel to be dragged & humiliated? Now you know how the African Americans you disrespected feel  Maxine Waters (@RepMaxineWaters) September 15, 2017To which the former sheriff, David Clarke brilliantly responded:  It s obvious that Maxine Waters hates white people. That would make her a black supremacist. It's obvious that Maxine Waters hates white people. That would make her a black supremacist. pic.twitter.com/hdRQG7XxuC  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) September 16, 2017Karma can be ugly, but in Maxine Waters case, it s a beast ",0
17960,PBS HOST ASKS HILLARY:“Do You Believe The President Is Racist?…Her Answer Proves That She Is The REAL Racist [VIDEO],"PBS host Judy Woodroof asked Hillary if she believed President Trump is racist? Hillary pauses for effect and then delivers her very scripted answer to Woodruff:  Here s what I believe, I believe that he has given a lot of encouragement and rhetorical support to the Ku Klux Klan, he accepted the support of David Duke. Hillary knowingly pushed the lie that Trump accepted the support of KKK member David Duke. It s the same lie she s been peddling since Trump became her opponent in the presidential race, even though she knows there isn t one shred of evidence or proof to back up her sick claim. Her answer to Woodruff is nothing more than a lame attempt to pin Trump a false allegation on our sitting President while deflecting from the truth about her ACTUAL ties to the KKK. Watch Hillary attempt to paint President Trump as a  racist .When President Trump was dropping out of the Reform Party primary in 2000, he clearly condemned David Duke during an interview with Matt Lauer.When pressed by Matt Lauer on why he saw the Reform Party as self-destructing, Trump commented: Well, you ve got David Duke just joined, a bigot, a racist, a problem, I mean, this is not exactly the people you want in your party. Watch Trump s 2000 interview with Lauer here:What Hillary Clinton didn t mention to Judy Woodruff during her interview, was that her presidential campaign received more than $20,000 in donations contributed by members of the Ku Klux Klan. Vocativ reported that a prominent member of the hate group Will Quigg of the California Grand Dragon for the Loyal White Knights said,  For the KKK, Clinton is our choice . Mr. Quigg, the leader of the Klan s California chapter, announced last month that he had abandoned supporting Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in lieu of backing his likely Democratic opponent. The Klansman claims that members have raised more than $20,000 for Mrs. Clinton and have donated it anonymously to her campaign.  She is friends with the Klan,  Mr. Quigg told Vocativ.  A lot of people don t realize that. Hillary never made any secret of her love and admiration for her  mentor,  the late Klan leader Democrat Senator, Robert Byrd.In a video uploaded to the State Department s official YouTube page on June 28, 2010, Clinton commemorated late Sen. Byrd by saying,  Today our country has lost a true American original, my friend and mentor Robert C. Byrd. ",0
17961,U2 SUDDENLY CANCELS Huge St. Louis Concert Tonight…Why Bono’s Decision To “Cut and Run” Makes Him Look Like Ridiculous Hypocrite,"In 2016, celebrities came together to create an emotional video that minimized crimes committed or incidents that led to the death of black men and women, both young and old, across America. One of those celebrities was U2 s lead singer, Bono.For many, Bono s part in the video was even more controversial because he attempted to link the death of 9 black church members in South Carolina, who died while conducting a bible study at the hands of a young racist man, Dylann Roof, (who has since been sentenced to death for his heinous crime) with white cops who have killed blacks and have been found not guilty of intentional murder.The video doesn t just shine a light on injustices by white police officers, it promotes an atmosphere of hate and distrust for white people in America.It seems rather unusual that after U2 s Bono would cancel his concert in St. Louis that was scheduled for tonight, following a night of violent protests that led to the breaking of windows in the St. Louis Mayor s home (who supports BLM) and the shutting down of traffic for  safety  reasons. Isn t this the same group he stood by when he participated in the controversial video above? Why would Black Lives Matter protesters harm anyone who came to see an entertainer who stood by them in such a powerful and emotional video?Why not host the concert? Let your fans know you support the people rioting in the streets. Give everyone a chance to sing kumbaya Here s U2 s announcement on Twitter that they are canceling their concert out of concern for their fans  safety . The hypocritical tweet reads: Tonight s St. Louis Show Cancelled  We cannot risk fans  safety. Tonight's St. Louis Show Cancelled'We cannot risk fans' safety.' Live Nation statement. https://t.co/0xDnUGfb7p pic.twitter.com/r3lF5TsxKF  U2 (@U2) September 16, 2017Here s  a screen shot of their statement:",0
17962,The Angry Left Attacks Trump for Letting 11-Year Old Mow White House Lawn [Video],"President Trump just made an 11-year old boy s wish come true but the left is in a tizzy over it. Frank Giaccio wrote to the president offering to cut the White House lawn. He usually charges $8 dollars but offered to cut the grass at no charge LOL! The president took him up on the offer! Frank was seen mowing the lawn yesterday:A great moment but the left didn t think so. President Trump was hammered on twitter for supposed child labor violations Can you believe it? Trump is bashed for this awesome moment of fun with a young American who is working hard to make money?HERE S MORE ON WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY AND JUST HOW GREAT THIS WAS   NO MATTER WHAT THE LEFT SAYS!The National Park Service might be out of a job keeping the White House grounds maintained. A 10-year-old boy named Frank wrote President Donald Trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the President loves a good deal. So Frank mowed away this morning!President Trump tweeted out: Frank  FX  Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!Frank  FX  Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! pic.twitter.com/135DxuapUI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017",0
17963,BREAKING: BLM RIOTERS Have Surrounded St. Louis Mayor’s Home…They’re Breaking Out Her Windows [VIDEO],"Is karma knocking on her door?Mayor Lyda Krewson released a statement following the verdict saying,  I am appalled at what happened to Anthony Lamar Smith. Krewson s comment drew a rebuke from Neil Bruntrager, Stockley s lawyer. How do you promote all those things by creating distrust in a system that clearly worked under these circumstances?  Bruntrager said.  It is irresponsible and a disservice to the community to make statements like that. It s an insult to Judge Wilson to make statements like that. And it falsely encourages the belief that an injustice was done here when in fact justice was done.   St. Louis DispatchAgitators refuse to disperse causing property damage near Mayor's home. Those who don't comply w/police orders subject to arrest #stlverdict  St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) September 16, 2017According to this Twitter user, there is an unruly mob outside of the St. Louis Mayor s home and they ve asked for a  white female to knock on the door. Asking for white female ally to knock on door of @LydaKrewson pic.twitter.com/SuXVNo8CJi  P. Kim Bui (@kimbui) September 16, 2017Here s a shot of the police in front of the mayor s home:Police in front of @LydaKrewson's house. pic.twitter.com/xAOU4SWaDd  P. Kim Bui (@kimbui) September 16, 2017Red paint was thrown at the Mayor s home:Paint thrown as well. Leaders are asking people to move pic.twitter.com/4pT2ESKWFX  P. Kim Bui (@kimbui) September 16, 2017 Here s a video of the mob:BREAKING: Rioters just busted the Mayor's windows in St. Louis. This is getting out of control. #STLVerdictpic.twitter.com/K8SLkHnd3l  Tennessee (@10_gop) September 16, 2017St. Louis Police posted pictures of the projectiles being thrown at police officers.Rocks & water bottles have been thrown at our officers throughout the day. Officers used great restraint. #STLVerdict pic.twitter.com/LIl2OxKhcO  St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) September 15, 20174 officers assaulted. 1 treated for hand injury. 3 not treated-1 hit w/ water bottle, 1 knocked off bike & 1 pinned on bike. #STLVerdict  St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) September 15, 2017",0
17964,WOW! VIDEO CAPTURES Angry St. Louis Protesters Turning On Media…TV Reporter Calls Unprovoked Attack: “The Scariest Moment Of My Career”,"KTVI Fox 2, the TV station that appears to be sympathetic of the Black Lives Matter riots in St. Louis, found themselves on the wrong side of angry protesters today, after the innocent verdict for St. Louis police officer Jason Stockley came down today in the murder trial of Anthony Lamar Smith. KTVI Fox 2 News showed their solidarity with the BLM movement when they retweeted a couple of tweets by one of the leaders of the BLM terror group, Deray McKesson. Both of McKesson s tweets were intended to mock the decision made by Judge Timothy Wilson to exonerate Stockley.#JasonStockley is a murderer. #AnthonyLamarSmith should be alive today. pic.twitter.com/UmJmaEpeHJ  deray mckesson (@deray) September 15, 2017Here is the second McKesson retweet by KTVI Fox News:And this, from the judge in the case of Officer #JasonStockley who killed #AnthonyLamarSmith. pic.twitter.com/1wIvZBZ2hL  deray mckesson (@deray) September 15, 2017KTVI Fox News also pointed out in a seperate tweet that St. Louis police officers were using mace to control the crowd:Police use mace in confrontation with protesters in downtown St. Louis https://t.co/mUGAaVhLtb pic.twitter.com/gdjIBM9NfK  FOX2now (@FOX2now) September 15, 2017KTVI Fox 2 News got a surprise however when they attempted to infiltrate the protesters and found themselves in the middle of a situation that could have very easily ended very badly:Scariest moment in my career. Protesters upset about not guilty verdict for an officer accused of killing a suspect, turn on me and media. pic.twitter.com/iZyvg3gX0p  Dan Gray KTVI Fox 2 (@DanGrayTV) September 15, 2017",0
17965,WOW! AMERICANS ARE STUNNED When Mom Is Caught On VIDEO Encouraging Young Child To Help Gang of Thugs Destroy Police Car In St. Louis,"ST. LOUIS   Former St. Louis police Officer Jason Stockley was found not guilty Friday of murdering a man while on duty.St. Louis Circuit Judge Timothy Wilson s highly anticipated verdict found the white former St. Louis police officer not guilty of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the December 2011 shooting death of a black drug suspect after a high-speed pursuit and crash.Immediately after the verdict was issued, protesters gathered downtown near Tucker Boulevard and Market Street. They blocked a ramp to Interstate 64 off Clark Street, but were blocked by police from entering the highway. Protesters then headed to police headquarters.Christina Wilson, the fiance of the victim Anthony Lamar Smith,  bravely stood in front of a microphone prior to the court s announcement and asked for protesters to not resort to violence.Inspired by your courage, Christina. Honored to stand with you and call for peace in #STL. https://t.co/ucUlKuWorO pic.twitter.com/4HjKvPtIwJ  Eric Greitens (@EricGreitens) September 15, 2017Christina Wilson s plea for peace is reminiscent of Martin Luther King Jr. Her words obviously fell on deaf ears for the thugs seen in this video who appear to be caught up in the  party  atmosphere and only appear to be looking for an opportunity to destroy someone else s property. The video below is disturbing on so many levels. While the people in the video appear to be only interested in the party atmosphere that surrounds them, one person, in particular, has caught the attention of viewers on social media and shined a light on what it looks like when children raise children in America. Watching this mother pushing her child to commit a felony, while teaching her to hate the very people who risk their lives every day to protect them, is disturbing, and possibly one of the saddest videos we have ever posted on our website.Watch:Police are sharing video of people damaging a police car during a demonstration after the Stockley ruling. https://t.co/LsNkTZJ7wI pic.twitter.com/OHy4kArcle  FOX2now (@FOX2now) September 16, 2017",0
17966,WATCH: FOX SPORTS RADIO HOST Nearly Shuts Down CNN Interview When He Offends Hypocritical Host With ONE Word,"CNN s Brooke Baldwin interviewed Fox Sports radio host Clay Travis about his thoughts on remarks made by racist ESPN host Jemele Hill when she called President Trump and Kid Rock  white supremacists . Travis attempted to explain how he was passionate about the defense of Hill s First Amendment Right, but felt that ESPN needs to be consistent with who they retain and who they fire over controversial remarks. Travis took it one step further when he told Baldwin: I m a First Amendment absolutist, I believe in only two things completely, the First Amendment and boobs. Brooke Baldwin, who has laughed at CNN host Don Lemon as he remarked about Kathy Griffin s  rack  on live tv, pretended to be shocked and offended by Travis  remarks.Baldwin responded,  Hold hold hold on. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly, as a woman hosting this show What did you just say? Watch the video below. We re not sure what is funnier, Clay Travis  comments, Brooke Baldwin s attempt to feign disgust or the leftist ESPN commentator Keith Reed s stunned expression.OOPS! It appears as though Brooke Baldwin is only offended when conservatives make off-color remarks about breasts on TV. Watch, as Don Lemon tells former comedian Cathy Griffin that she has a  Nice Rack  while standing next to Brooke Baldwin. NO double standard here The video above was just part of the drunken exchange between CNN s Don Lemon and Brooke Baldwin that took place on New Years Eve 2017. Here s more of the off-color comments made live during the CNN s New Years Eve coverage:Hey @BrookeBCNN how did you not faint when Kathy Griffin said nipple & Don Lemon got his nipple pierced live on TV? https://t.co/LRMr50n0C3  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Travis was going after CNN hard, calling them  fake news  on his Twitter account after the incident exploded on social media. Travis claimed that CNN has already asked him to appear on the show again on Monday.CNN is so offended that they already called me and asked if I could come back on Monday. Too perfect.  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017CNN refuted his claim that they invited him back, so Travis says he going to play a voicemail to prove they re lying:CNN's now lying & saying they didn't invite me back on for Monday. I'll play voicemail for everyone on tomorrow's @outkick show. #fakenews  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Race baiter extraordinaire Tariq Nasheed, who can turn grandma baking cookies into a racial issue, had this to say about Travis  remarks. LOL! That stunt that Clay Travis pulled on CNN is a tactic commonly used by white extremists .They will troll in order to get their numbers up  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) September 15, 2017Travis responded to his hilarious tweet:Liking boobs makes you a white supremacist, guys. https://t.co/CU1qrqXUC4  Clay Travis (@ClayTravis) September 15, 2017Twitter users had a hay day with Brooke Baldwin feigning outrage over Travis  comment:Killjoy ""Brooke Baldwin"" Can't Handle A Boob Joke, But Has ZERO Problems Working w/The BIGGEST BOOB In Broadcast News, #DonLemon #CNNSucks pic.twitter.com/eGtETPW5Qy  Deplorable R z rbak (@MediaJuggernaut) September 15, 2017",0
17967,WATCH: TUCKER CARLSON DESTROYS Leftist Professor Who Claims “It’s a privilege to teach future DEAD COPS” and Defends Antifa’s Right To Beat Their Opponents,"This is just one of literally thousands of liberal activists who are being paid to teach our youth. Let that sink in The head of the city s largest police union is calling for the firing of a John Jay College professor after he tweeted  it s a privilege to teach future dead cops. Professor Michael Isaacson, a self-proclaimed member of the Antifa movement who works in the economics department at the CUNY Manhattan college, tweeted from the account @VulgarEconomics:  Some of ya ll might think it sucks being an anti-fascist teaching at John Jay College but I think it s a privilege to teach future dead cops  on Aug. 23.Patrolmen s Benevolent Association boss Pat Lynch wrote a letter saying Isaacson  harbors total disdain for the active and future police officers that he teaches at John Jay College. In a Friday letter to Karol Mason, president of John Jay College of Criminal Justice, Lynch demanded the  immediate dismissal  of Isaacson  on behalf of nearly 50,000 active and retired New York City police officers who are members of the Patrolmen s Benevolent Association of the City of New York. Recent media reports have revealed Mr. Isaacson s disgusting anti-police attitudes and his gleeful embrace of political violence, including violence against police officers, as expressed in his own social media postings,  Lynch wrote.Lynch continued:  It is absolutely outrageous that an individual who holds and expresses these views could be employed by any academic institution, much less one that counts an overwhelming number of New York City police officers as among its students, alumni and faculty members. He wrote that Isaacson s  continued presence will make it next to impossible for John Jay College to maintain any respect or credibility among the women and men who have dedicated their lives protecting this city, or among prospective students considering a law enforcement career.   New York PostTucker Carlson took him to task on his support for the violent terror group Antifa, and it was awesome:",0
17968,"BRAVE Fiancé of Victim Asks BLM To Protest “In A Peaceful Way” After Accused St. Louis Cop Found NOT GUILTY In Death Of Man Fleeing From Cops…Leftist Agitators, Media Stir The Pot Anyhow, Increasing Tensions [VIDEO]","ST. LOUIS   Former St. Louis police Officer Jason Stockley was found not guilty Friday of murdering a man while on duty.St. Louis Circuit Judge Timothy Wilson s highly anticipated verdict found the white former St. Louis police officer not guilty of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the December 2011 shooting death of a black drug suspect after a high-speed pursuit and crash.Activists, with support from some of the city s black clergy, had pledged disruptive protests ahead of Wilson s verdict.Wilson addressed such statements in his order:  A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism. Immediately after the verdict was issued, protesters gathered downtown near Tucker Boulevard and Market Street. They blocked a ramp to Interstate 64 off Clark Street, but were blocked by police from entering the highway. Protesters then headed to police headquarters.St. Louis Police reminded protesters that blocking traffic is illegal and is not protected by the First Amendment: Per Ord. 17.16.275, it is unlawful for a person to obstruct & impede the reasonable movement of vehicular or pedestrian traffic. #STLVerdict  St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) September 15, 2017As the protests grew, Wells Fargo and Nestle Purina PetCare sent their nearly 7,000 employees home for the day.Police officers were seen preparing for potential riots:Bike cops are seen amassing in #DowntownSTL. #JasonStockley has been found NOT GUILTY   https://t.co/eLmJAKkagx pic.twitter.com/Kvd7aThPZe  KMOV (@KMOV) September 15, 2017Damone Smith, 52, an electrician headed to work, was among the motorists being rerouted from the protest area. I think the verdict is disgusting,  said Smith, who is black.  I m proud of these people protesting. If you look like me, then you feel like there is no other way to express yourself in the face of this kind of verdict. Time and time again, African American men are killed by police and nobody is held accountable. The judge explained his rationale for the verdict in a 30-page document filed about 8:30 a.m. Friday. No one promised a rose garden, and this surely is not one,  he wrote of the case. This court, as the trier of fact, is simply not firmly convinced of defendant s guilt. Agonizingly, this court has pored over the evidence again and again   This court, in conscience, cannot say that the state has proven every element of murder beyond a reasonable doubt or that the defendant did not act in self-defense. Because the state did not prove Stockley did not act in self-defense, Wilson wrote that he could not address lesser charges of homicide or manslaughter. St. Louis Police Department called for peace:We know emotions are running high, however we ask that those who choose to protest, do so peacefully. #STLVerdict  St. Louis, MO Police (@SLMPD) September 15, 2017The fiance of the victim Anthony Lamar Smith, Christina Wilson, bravely stood in front of a microphone just prior to the court s announcement and asked for protesters to not resort to violence. Inspired by your courage, Christina. Honored to stand with you and call for peace in #STL. https://t.co/ucUlKuWorO pic.twitter.com/4HjKvPtIwJ  Eric Greitens (@EricGreitens) September 15, 2017Meanwhile, on social media, people who have become famous for doing absolutely nothing but race-baiting, like Tariq Nasheed, are stirring the pot, and totally disrespecting the wishes of Smith s fiance. The unconstitutional #JasonStockley verdict is further proof that LE & the court systems have been fully infiltrated by white supremacists  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) September 15, 2017The Mayor of St. Louis used her opportunity to call for peaceful protests in her city to instead, stir the pot by suggesting that justice was not served, potentially leading angry protesters to believe it is now their responsibility to deliver justice:Mayor Lyda Krewson released a statement following the verdict saying,  I am appalled at what happened to Anthony Lamar Smith. I am sobered by this outcome. Frustration, anger, hurt, pain, hope and love all intermingled. I encourage St. Louisans to show each other compassion, to recognize that we all have different experiences and backgrounds and that we all come to this with real feelings and experiences,  she wrote.Krewson s comment drew a rebuke from Neil Bruntrager, Stockley s lawyer. How do you promote all those things by creating distrust in a system that clearly worked under these circumstances?  Bruntrager said.  It is irresponsible and a disservice to the community to make statements like that. It s an insult to Judge Wilson to make statements like that. And it falsely encourages the belief that an injustice was done here when in fact justice was done.   St. Louis Dispatch",0
17969,Michigan Teacher Accused of Assault for Trying to Make Student Stand for Pledge of Allegiance [Video],"So we disrespect the flag in class now? Whether this teacher tried to get this child to stand is one thing another thing is the fact that children AND adults aren t being taught why we stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. MAYBE THIS KID COULD TALK TO THE KID WHO WON T STAND: The video below was created by a student to teach students the importance and meaning behind saying the Pledge of Allegiance:STAND FOR THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE!A student in Farmington Hills, Michigan is accusing a teacher of assault. The teacher tried to get the boy to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance but the boy says he doesn t do that.The teacher was put on leave and is under investigation now.A Black Publication is trying to spin this as just more racism after other black athletes refused to stand for the National Anthem. Notice how The Root spins this alleged assault: Everybody is all about freedom of speech and expression until a black person (hey, Colin Kaepernick; hey, Jemele Hill) decides to exercise his or her right to do so. And in this particular case, a black sixth-grader out of Michigan says he was assaulted by his homeroom teacher all because he was exercising his rights and declined to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.STONE CHANEY:Stone Chaney is a sixth-grader and had just started his first week of school but may not go back because he feels his rights were violated.Stone claims:  The teacher consultant comes up behind me and snatches me out of my chair violently. I was so confused. I didn t know what was going on. He says the homeroom teacher tried to force him to stand during the Pledge of Allegiance. I PLEDGE TO GOD AND FAMILY Click on Detroit reported: I don t stand because I don t pledge to a flag,  Stone said.  I pledge to God and family. The alleged incident happened Sept. 7. Stone said the next day, another teacher yelled at him for sitting down during the Pledge. I don t feel safe going to that school anymore because I don t know what they re going to do next,  Stone said.His father addressed the district directly during their last board meeting. It s his choice to sit,  Brian Chaney said.  I don t make him sit. And they should respect that. Marine veteran Stephen Stevens sees things differently. I would love to be able to talk to them and get their side and explain my side so maybe we could come to an understanding,  Stevens said.  Because I get they have that right, but I don t believe they understand what that right really entails. If they re fighting for freedom, they re fighting for us to have choices,  Brian Chaney said.  Then it s our choice. The superintendent of Farmington Public Schools released the following statement: The District fully supports the right of each student to participate or not in the daily Pledge. The teacher allegedly involved in the incident has been placed on administrative leave. At this time, the District cannot speculate about the outcome of the pending investigation. The family is exploring its options. Stone hasn t gone back to school, but they re probably going to leave the district.",0
17970,BREAKING: TERROR ATTACK On London Subway During Rush Hour [VIDEO]…The Left Attacks Trump Over His Response To Terror Act,"A timer was attached to the homemade bomb used in the Parsons Green terror attack, according to reports.The improvised explosive device may have been detonated on the rush-hour Tube train remotely, security sources told the BBC and Sky News.The bomb, which injured at least 22 people, is thought to have failed to properly ignite.Police are combing through CCTV footage from the London Underground network after launching a manhunt for the person planted the device, which was carried inside a Lidl freezer bag.Pictures posted on social media appeared to show wires emerging from a bucket filled with chemicals on the floor of the carriage.Explosive experts told the BBC the images appeared to show  deflagration    in which a substance burns away rapidly   rather than detonation, which would have killed anyone nearby.It is believed police could be helped  considerably  by the fact the device was not destroyed by the blast.Detectives are investigating whether the attacker left the District line train before it reached Parsons Green or fled amid the chaos as the blast sparked a stampede among panicked commuters.Passengers were  pushed and trampled on  as they sought to escape from the train, according to witnesses.Most of the 22 people taken to hospital suffered  flash burns  in the explosion, said Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley. Via: Independent UKMeanwhile, the left seems to be more concerned about President Trump s response to the terror attack than the attack itself.President Trump tweeted:Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017Leftist media outlets like CNN responded in the manner in which most of America has come to expect.  London police say Donald Trump s tweet about #ParsonsGreen is  pure speculation , and all speculation is  unhelpful  https://t.co/ghP9ZA34F2 pic.twitter.com/udsHjvG911  CNN International (@cnni) September 15, 2017London resident Paul Joseph Watson responded to the left s attack on Trump:If you're more outraged about Trump's tweet than the terror attack, you're part of the problem. #London  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 15, 2017",0
17971,Fox News Cuts Off Terror Expert Before He Could Describe Who Commits Terror 99.9% Of The Time #ParsonsGreen [Video],"If you were watching Fox News this morning, you probably saw terror expert James Mitchell being interviewed regarding the latest Muslim attack in London. He was cut off mid-interview as soon as he started to name and shame who was responsible for the terror attack in London today.James Mitchell on London #PearsonsGreen Terror Attack gets cut off #FridayFeeling another attack on Western Civilization pic.twitter.com/tnzXve0RVp  SomewhereUSA (@karey_USA) September 15, 2017The ironic thing is that the only thing Fox News put out about the interview was that we re being too pc LOL!.@kilmeade:  I think we re all fed up when it comes to terror and being politically correct. It s not getting us anywhere.  pic.twitter.com/9iiUb2iCxk  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 15, 2017Really Fox News? Why won t they say WHO commits most terror attacks???London Terror Attack Gosh, I wonder who did it?Officials are looking for terrorists who detonated a  bucket bomb  on a crowded London subway train. Twenty-two people were injured but it could have been much worse. The homemade bomb did not fully detonate. The IED was made with different items like  fairy lights  and was probably on a timer set to detonate.We continue to see terrorism by Muslims Why are we quiet about who does this?",0
17972,Watch Live: #BenShapiro Speaks As #Berkeley Antifa Protests [Video],"What happened to free speech? The left is trying to crush it with the violent Antifa movement. Ben Shapiro is a 33-year old conservative who has every right to speak. Watch live-the speech was scheduled to happen at 7:00 PST California time (running a little late):S.E. Cupp interviewed Shapiro about the upcoming speech and how some students need counseling honestly!Here s what was going on up to the time of the speech: Conservative Jew Ben Shapiro is making an appearance on the UC Berkeley campus to discuss free speech and how to help reduce the violence and open dialogue between Americans with opposing views. Meanwhile, the left has been busy preparing to show how they re not interested in any views but their own.We ll be keeping you updated throughout the night on the activities at UC Berkeley tonight. Stay tuned VIDEO: lot of anger & tension on the @UCBerkeley campus today, ahead of tonight's speech by @benshapiro. Chalk graffiti will ""welcome"" him pic.twitter.com/rG4wnuuyjw  Doug Sovern (@SovernNation) September 14, 2017In the video below, Ben implores activists, most especially  Antifa, to stop using violence as a way to shut down free speech and to possibly open up their minds to other people s points of view:""I know I've been working out, but I don't really think I'm that threatening."" #BenAtBerkeley pic.twitter.com/cEAOBevDPO  Devin Sena (@DevinSenaUI) September 14, 2017Ben Shapiro has quite a few supporters on social media, who, although they may not agree with everything he says, (present company included) still believe he has the right to express his opinions in a public forum without having to fear for his life. Hurricane shapiro has made landfall and prepares to melt the glacier of snowflakes at Berkeley. #BenAtBerkeley    (@JustinShadel) September 14, 2017Young Americans for Freedom on Campus or YAF, posted signs around the campus imploring intolerant liberals to not use hate and violence as a way to take away Ben Shapiro s right to free speech. Some helpful @yaf advice for liberals attending tonight's @benshapiro lecture #BenAtBerkeley #YAFonCampus pic.twitter.com/gNCRAUX2Np  Patrick X Coyle (@PatrickXCoyle) September 14, 2017Businesses aren t taking any chances this time around, after witnessing riots and the violence perpetrated by Antifa and Democrat students at Berkeley last year, when gay conservative Milo Yiannopoulos attempted to deliver a speech on the campus of UC Berkeley. Signs have been posted explaining that they have closed early for the safety of their staff and customers.A lot of stores around @UCBerkeley are closing early today, and boarding up, as a precaution during #BenAtBerkeley @benshapiro pic.twitter.com/7ukSbhp7xQ  Doug Sovern (@SovernNation) September 14, 2017ATM s owned by Bank of America are being boarded up, so they ll be protected in the case of a riot on campus.VIDEO: B of A boarding up its ATMs on Telegraph Avenue next to @UCBerkeley, fearing violence during #BenAtBerkeley @benshapiro pic.twitter.com/Pn1PRg7Rh5  Doug Sovern (@SovernNation) September 14, 2017Here are some of the classy signs posted around campus by YAF on Campus defending our First Amendment Right: Leftists call @benshapiro a white supremacist. @yaf has a response. #benatberkeley #yafoncampus pic.twitter.com/I2HkFqkBFR  Amy Lutz (@amylutz4) September 14, 2017",0
17973,WATCH: LEFTIST DEM SENATOR Chuck Schumer Caught On Hot Mic Bragging About Relationship With Trump: “HE LIKES US…He Likes Me Anyway!”,"Senator Chuck Schumer sounds almost breathless with excitement as he can be heard telling an unidentified person on the senate floor,  He likes us. He likes me anyway. Watch:It s hard to say what President Trump thinks about Chuck Schumer. He tweeted his support for Chuck Schumer in November 2016:I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2016Only 3 months later, President Trump called Chuck Schumer the  head clown  of the Democrats. The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017In March of 2017, Trump didn t appear to be much of a fan of  Cryin  Chuck :I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party   and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 22, 2017",0
17974,LOL! New York Times Publishes Lengthy Article On Dem Senator’s Corruption Trial…Leaves ONE CRITICAL DETAIL Out Of Their Story,"While Facebook has hired an entire team of employees to weed out  fake news , their crack-team of censorship stooges consider news sources like the New York Times to the be the  gold standard  for the industry The New York Times published an almost 1300-word news story on Monday night about Democratic New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez s corruption trial, without ever mentioning Menendez s party affiliation.Both in print and on social media, the NYT failed to inform its readers that Sen. Menendez is a Democrat. For the first time in 36 years, a sitting United States Senator is facing a federal bribery trial,  read a NYT tweet promoting the story, which was titled:  Menendez Trial Set to Begin With Tensions High and Washington Watching. The NYT wasn t without opportunities to inform its readers which party Menendez belonged to: the paper referred to Menendez 29 times in the story, without once ever mentioning that Menendez is a Democrat.The paper referred to him as  The senator,   Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey,  and  Mr. Menendez, a senior senator,  before referring to him as  Mr. Menendez  or  the senator  for the rest of the story. Only after a barrage of online criticism did the NYT note that Menendez is a Democrat, adding in the identifier in the fourth paragraph.  Daily Caller ",0
17975,Trump Sets The Record Straight On Border Wall And Amnesty For Illegals [Video],"President Trump visited areas in Florida hurt by Hurricane Irma today and spoke out on building a wall at our southern border. People on both sides of the aisle went nuts over news reports of no wall and a deal on DACA. President Trump:  Ultimately, we have to have the wall. If we don t have the wall, we re doing nothing, Ultimately, we have to have the wall. If we don t have the wall, we re doing nothing,  Pres. Trump says https://t.co/QnXQnxARjk pic.twitter.com/N6HRyjlouD  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017He also chimed in on whether there was a deal on DACA amnesty as speculated by both sides of the aisle. Last night, there was some confusion on what had been agreed upon about the two issues after it was reported a deal had been made between President Trump and Democrat leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer There was no deal. They didn t say they had a deal. There was no deal. They didn t say they had a deal,  Pres. Trump says of meeting with Nancy Pelosi & Chuck Schumer https://t.co/QnXQnxARjk pic.twitter.com/rN8ZvKZeYd  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017But then President Trump said this Huh? A work program without citizenship? Is this kind of a purgatory for illegals?""We're not looking at citizenship, we're not looking at amnesty. We're looking at allowing people to stay here,"" Pres. Trump says pic.twitter.com/6eOWjdcRQG  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017 But,but,but then Nancy Pelosi chimes in with this: Is everyone totally confused yet? I do believe there is an understanding that down the road, there is an eventual path to citizenship in the DREAM Act,  Pelosi says pic.twitter.com/VrUN2XQRM1  CBS News (@CBSNews) September 14, 2017 ",0
17976,"NATIONAL PET CHAIN Linked To Outbreak of Bacterial Infection Sickens 39 People In 7 States, 9 Victims Have Already Been Hospitalized","The CDC is investigating an outbreak of a bacterial infection linked to puppies sold through the national pet store chain Petland.The outbreak of Campylobacter infections has sickened 39 people from seven states, including Florida, Kansas, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Wisconsin.So far nine people have been hospitalized. No deaths have been reported.Campylobacter can cause a gastrointestinal illness in humans with symptoms of diarrhea, cramping, abdominal pain, vomiting, and fever. The illness typically lasts about a week and symptoms appear within two to five days after exposure. People more likely to get a severe infection include children younger than 5, adults older than 65, pregnant women, and people with weakened immune systems, including those with the genetic blood disorder thalassemia or HIV or people receiving chemotherapy.Investigators say evidence indicates that puppies sold through Petland stores are a likely source of this current outbreak. The bacteria can spread through contact with dog feces. It usually does not spread from one person to another.Twelve of those affected are Petland employees from four states. The other 27 people either recently purchased a puppy at Petland, visited a Petland store, or visited or live in a home with a puppy sold through Petland before illness began.The CDC says the pet store chain is cooperating with health officials to address the outbreak.  CBS 58 ",0
17977,When The View’s WHOOPI GOLDBERG Told Hillary Why She Lost To Trump…Even HILLARY Was Surprised [VIDEO],"The sympathetic (and borderline communist) women of The View were more than happy to give Hillary a spot at the table to explain why it was everyone else but Hillary s fault she lost the election. But wait, did Hillary really lose the election? According to the not funny comedian and co-host Joy Behar, Hillary really didn t lose the election. When Behar reminded Hillary that she actually won the election, but lost because of that pesky electoral vote rule, Hillary seemed quite pleased with Behar s ignorance and nodded in approval.The best line, however, came when the queen of The View stepped up to assume her responsibility as the most important voice on the panel and to offer Hillary her thoughts on why she lost. Hilariously, Whoopi s opined that Hillary s loss had nothing to whatsoever to do with her crooked politics or high unlikeability numbers with both men and women voters, no, according to Goldberg, it was a simple matter of historical data LOL!",0
17978,SEE WHY “Politically Incorrect” Sign DAIRY QUEEN Owner Posted On DOOR Has Liberals Going Nuts [VIDEO],"A sign on the door of a Kewaskum Dairy Queen, calling the restaurant  politically incorrect  is generating business and conversation.The sign reads:  This restaurant is politically incorrect.  It warns potential customers that staff may say things like  Merry Christmas,   Happy Easter,  and will also offer free sundaes to veterans on Veterans Day. It also says  In God We Trust. I felt the sign was appropriate to hang in terms of being transparent about the views of the owner and staff supporting God and country,  said owner Kevin Scheunemann. It just seems that those kinds of values and principles are becoming controversial in society,  he said.Watch Dairy Queen franchise owner Kevin Scheunemann explain his decision to post the sign here:The sign was posted close to four years ago after a customer was upset when he heard Christian music inside the restaurant. Scheunemann decided to post the warning and said he hasn t had many problems since then.One time, a customer was upset at the offer of free ice cream for veterans, but Scheunemann said he is open to talking with anyone who may have concerns about the sign. He says he ll even make arrangements for a customer to come in without witnessing any expression of God or country.Other business owners in town say they support Scheunemann s right to run his business the way he sees fit. ",0
17979,"KID ROCK GOES OFF On Colin Kaepernick, Obamacare and Deadbeat Dads…Asks “Almighty Jesus” To “Give us strength to fight”…”Because like it or not, Hillary LOST and your President Is Donald Mother-F***king Trump!” During MI Concert","Kid Rock hasn t officially announced his run for US Senate, but every day he comes increasingly closer. During a concert in Grand Rapids, MI, Kid Rock took time to get very political, as he addressed some serious issues that he is clearly passionate about.Kid Rock started out by addressing his Grand Rapids, MI audience:  What s going on in the world today? It seems the government wants to give everyone health insurance but wants us all to pay. And to be very frank, I don t really don t have a problem with that, because God has blessed me, and made my pockets fat.  But redistribution of wealth seems more like their plan. And I don t believe that you should say sacrifice, do things by the book and then take care of some deadbeat, milking the system, lazy ass motherf -. Rock went on to address single moms who keep having kids to get more welfare. His most passionate statement was against deadbeat dads who refuse to be a  man  and raise their children. Rock has a little experience in that area, as he raised his black son as a single father. His son attended a private rural Catholic school and graduated from college. Robert James Ritchie, Jr. is married, and in 2015, he and his wife gave Rock his first grandchild, Skye Noelle.Lastly, Robert Ritchie aka Kid Rock took on the left who have been attacking him for criticizing Colin Kaepernick for taking a knee during the national anthem. He put the left on notice that he won t be sitting back and allowing them to label him a  racist  or a  Nazi. Here s the uncut (shortened) version: ***Language warning***Watch as Kid Rock is introduced as  The next great Senator of the great state of Michigan. ",0
17980,Ramadan Abdullah Set Free On Bail After Police Make Shocking Discovery Of Weapons In Storage Locker Destined For Secretive Islamic Compound In Upstate NY,"How is a man with ties to a US based terror organization, who according to authorities, was caught planning to deliver a large cache of weapons to a secretive Islamic compound in upstate New York allowed to roam the streets while he awaits a trial that won t take place until  November? This incredible story should make every American wonder how serious we are about fighting homegrown terrorism in the United States A long-time associate of a U.S.-based Islamist terrorist organization, Muslims of America (MOA), was arrested in New York following the discovery of a large cache of weapons that were intended for MOA s  Islamberg  headquarters in Hancock, NY.Ramadan Abdullah, 64, was arrested in Johnson City, NY, and is no stranger to law enforcement. Abdullah was previously arrested along with another man in 1977 for attempting to rob a Brooklyn candy store, resulting in a murder.At the time, police searched Abdullah s home and discovered enough material to build 50 bombs. Even so, the charges against Abdullah were ultimately reduced.Abdullah was arrested on May 31 after attempting to steal four boxes of ammunition from a local Gander Mountain store. When asked by police about the purpose of the ammunition, Abdullah s answers raised suspicion among police who obtained a search warrant for a storage locker he was renting in the town of Union.During the search, the police discovered the following:8 assault weapons 4 loaded handguns 1 loaded shotgun 2 rifles 64 high-capacity ammunition feeding devices flak jacketsThousands of rounds of ammunition, including .50-caliber armor-piercing roundsPolice searched other residences linked to Abdullah and found a loaded handgun, and more high-capacity ammunition feeding devices and ammunition, including .38-caliber rounds.New York State Police Major Jim Barnes declined to confirm whether Abdullah was associated with terrorist groups or organizations but noted that police believe Abdullah had traveled overseas. There s no indications there was a plan in place to commit an act of violence. However, it begs the question, what was he doing with all this and what were his intentions down the road?  Barnes said.Johnson City Police Chief Brent Dodge said,  It s just a tremendous blessing to be able to take all these high power weapons and high power ammunition off the streets, and who knows what kind of large scale tragedy that this investigation may have prevented later down the road. Abdullah is a longtime associate of the U.S.-based Islamist cult Muslims of America.Apparently, a Muslim man with a large cache of weapons set to be delivered to a secretive Islamic compound in upstate New York, who also has a prior criminal record, doesn t pose enough of a security threat in the eyes of the judge, to keep him in jail until he is tried. The Johnson City man facing 16 charges in a massive weapons bust was granted release on bond Tuesday, as he awaits a Nov. 13 trial in Broome County Court.Ramadan Abdullah, 64, has pleaded not guilty to an indictment charging more than a dozen felonies connected to his arrest in June, which police described as being one of the area s largest gun takedowns in recent memory.Judge Kevin Dooley granted Abdullah s release from jail on bond Tuesday, after defense lawyer Matthew Ryan presented the court with two Binghamton properties that would be put up for collateral.(MOA), which has been described as a terrorist organization in documents from the FBI and other agencies. A 2003 file says MOA is linked to terrorists in Pakistan, including Al-Qaeda affiliates.The group s headquarters is a 70-acre compound in Hancock, NY called  Islamberg.  It is just a 50-minute drive from where Abdullah was arrested.Dennis Michael Lynch visited Islamberg to see what was really going on in the remote Islamic compound. Here is a clip from his visit:MOA is led by a radical cleric in Pakistan named Sheikh Mubarak Ali Gilani, who demands a cultish loyalty from his followers in America. Gilani indoctrinates them to follow a hate-filled extremist ideology that includes violent jihad against perceived enemies of Islam and a belief that they are fulfilling apocalyptic prophecies.The group has claimed to have 22  Islamic villages  across the U.S., mostly in rural areas, which have been used as guerilla training compounds. The group also has a history of committing acts of terrorism and crimes including murder, gun smuggling, narcotics trafficking and money laundering.A 2007 FBI report warns that MOA  possesses an infrastructure capable of planning and mounting terrorist campaigns overseas and within the U.S.  It says  members of the MOA are encouraged to travel to Pakistan to receive religious and military/terrorist training from [Sheikh] Gilani. Confidential sources inside MOA say that Ramadan Abdullah has been a significant member of the group since it first formed in the United States in 1980 and helped buy the land that became  Islamberg.  Additional research substantiates their information that he is close to MOA members.They say that he is an  elder  and often visits Islamberg to spend time with older members but does not live inside the commune. He s also provided firearms instruction for MOA, they report.The sources say that Abdullah s weapons were destined for the group, specifically Islamberg.Via: Clarion Project ",0
17981,Spot On! Fox Sports Host Calls Out ESPN’s Liberal Agenda After Host Calls Trump a ‘White Supremacist’: ‘They’re alienating their core audience’ [Video],"Tucker Carlson responded to an ESPN anchor calling President Trump  a white supremacist.  Clay Travis of Fox Sports joined Carlson and lit up the room with his spot on assessment of ESPN s liberal suicide by offending just about every Trump voter out there. Travis is fantastic!Liberal hater Jemele Hill of  SportsCenter  tweeted this and got a slap on the wrist The double standard at ESPN is unbelievable! ESPN previously fired former MLB pitcher Curt Schilling over a controversial meme objecting to the North Carolina transgender bathroom law. Mike Ditka was fired from ESPN for showing support for President Trump. Crazy!ESPN s public relations tweeted a statement, saying that Hill s comments do not represent the position of ESPN. That s it!Carlson called ESPN  Endless Stupid Political Nagging  and asked Fox Sports  Clay Travis what he thought of Hill s attack.Travis said ESPN s statement is another example of Hill s politics  going all the way to the top. He said parent company Disney CEO Bob Iger and ESPN president John Skipper hold left-wing views, and that of the 59 people Iger follows on Twitter, Hill is one of them. They want left-leaning politics the forward facing front of ESPN,  going on to repeat Michael Jordan s famed warning about mixing sports and politics,  Republicans buy sneakers too. Read more: Fox News",0
17982,DETROIT: BIKERS SHOW UP In Big Numbers To Defend Kid Rock Against Leftist Protesters [VIDEO],"Leftist agitators showed up tonight at the opening of the Little Caesars Arena in Detroit where Detroit legend Kid Rock was scheduled to open the new home of the Detroit Red Wings and Detroit Pistons. The protesters who are likely being organized by the Democrat Party and George Soros are hilariously protesting Kid Rock for speaking out against the unemployed NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick for kneeling during our national anthem. Some of them are using the excuse that he used a confederate flag as a backdrop to his concerts years ago to protest Rock, who is likely going to challenge the 2-term liberal Democrat US Senator Debbie Stabenow in 2018. Kid Rock is the recipient of the Detroit NAACP Great Expectations award for his exceptional contribution to the black community of Detroit and is the single father of a black son.Here s a look at the small group of protesters whose numbers were estimated from between 50-200. Aside from small group of protestors at NE entrance, pretty calm at LCA for .@kidrock. At least 50 cops and guards on Woodward side of arena pic.twitter.com/AuQgPKt2v6  Jim Schaefer (@DetroitReporter) September 13, 2017Protesters were met with die-hard Kid Rock supporters who would have nothing to do with listening to them spew their hateful ignorance:Here's the heckle zone, where protesters are yelling ""Shame"" and ""You support a white supremacist"" at .@kidrock concert-goers in Detroit. pic.twitter.com/AOrFrc7IVH  Jim Schaefer (@DetroitReporter) September 13, 2017A large group of bikers, who many on Twitter identified as  Bikers 4 Trump , showed up tonight to defend Kid Rock and his supporters from leftist agitators who may have been looking for trouble. Our Bikers For Trump are at Kid Rock @CaesarsPalace Kid/Rock Concert The Trump Unity Bridge @BikersForTrump Thank All Of You #TrumpsArmy pic.twitter.com/b24SZJHvW7  Deborah   (@deborahjuanita4) September 12, 2017Watch the bikers ride up to the new Little Caesars Arena:Kid Rock supporters arriving on bikes. Only 200 protesters. #LittleCaesarsArena #MAGA pic.twitter.com/aRhr0wnHit  Steve West (@SteveWest_68) September 13, 2017Here s another view of the bikers riding up to the new Little Caesars Arena:SERIOUS show of bikers outside .@kidrock at Little Caesars Arena. No one would argue there weren't 200. pic.twitter.com/hTb1Q8Mq0u  Jim Schaefer (@DetroitReporter) September 12, 2017Kid Rock apparently offered his support for the hard working Detroit Police officers outside protecting the venue and his fans: .@kidrock's ad-libbed DEEZ NUTS lyric followed by big thanks to Detroit Police outside Little Caesars Arena.  Jim Schaefer (@DetroitReporter) September 13, 2017It wouldn t be a Kid Rock concert without some classic Kid Rock sarcasm: .@kidrock softly sings: ""If anyone wants to protest tonight, tell 'em they can protest these nuts."" Chuckled, then: ""That wasn't very nice.""  Jim Schaefer (@DetroitReporter) September 13, 2017Here s a great shot of Kid Rock serving beer at the new arena, that he posted on Twitter earlier today:Pouring the first beer at the new place. Kid Rock's Made in Detroit at @LCA_Detroit. pic.twitter.com/GWYtgO1CEz  Kid Rock (@KidRock) September 11, 2017",0
17983,"LOL! HILLARY GETS AMBUSHED At Book Signing…”Where’s the 33,000 emails? What happened To Seth Rich?”","Hillary was in the middle of a book signing for her new book  What Happened  when a brave young woman approached her with Hillary s new book in hand. As Hillary began signing her book, the young lady told Hillary it was great to see her. Hillary in turn, hilariously replied,  Well, it s great for you to be here.  When the young woman waiting for her book to be signed started to ask Hillary a few questions the mainstream media couldn t be bothered to ask during the election, things started to get interesting.Young woman:  So the American people would really like to know, what happened to your 33,000 emails?  <Hillary cackles>  What happened in Benghazi? What happened to the millions of dollars that was supposed to go to the people Haiti? What happened to your health Hillary?Hillary: <Cackles> Ya know what? I m so sorry you believe things  that are untrue. The young woman persisted:  What happened to Seth Rich? What happened to your health Hillary? The young lady was then forcibly removed from the book signing table. On the way out she notices Hillary s loyal aide Huma Abedin and confronts her about her pedophile husband:  Huma, it s so great to see you. I have a question for you. When are you going to divorce your husband for texting underage girls?  The young lady was then told to leave, but not before she insisted she gets her signed book about  What Happened , even though the truth about what really happened with Crooked Hillary will likely never be exposed.Watch here:",0
17984,WATCH: TOP 5 VIDEOS The Leftist Media Doesn’t Want You to See Of KID ROCK Giving Back To Others,"Organized protesters took to the streets outside of the brand new Little Caesars Arena in Detroit to protest Kid Rock s concert tonight, calling him a  racist  for using a confederate flag in his southern concerts years ago. The truth is that Kid Rock, who is a single father of a black son, and the recipient of the Detroit NAACP s great expectations award in acknowledgment of his work in helping the black community in Detroit, doesn t have a racist bone in his body. Liberal protesters are also pointing to Rock s public remarks expressing his disgust for Colin Kaepernick for disrespecting our flag by kneeling during our national anthem.  We all know the protests are being organized because the left fears Rock is serious about challenging the 2-term liberal US Senator Debbie ( rubber stamp ) Stabenow:Kid Rock has done more to help the city of Detroit than any elected official in recent history, yet people like Stephen Henderson, the race-obsessed editorial editor of the Detroit Free Press just can t help but criticize the rocker with a heart of gold and a passion for helping others who have either fallen on hard times or have bravely served our nation, by suggesting that Rock is a  racist. This is a musician who got rich off crass cultural appropriation of black music, who used to wrap his brand in the Confederate flag   a symbol inextricably linked to racism, no matter what its defenders say   and who has repeatedly issued profane denouncements of the very idea of African Americans pushing back against American inequality. Just last week, he trashed Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who s jobless right now because he dared challenge the nation s racism with a silent, kneeling protest during the pre-football game singing of the national anthem. Having Kid Rock open this arena is erecting a sturdy middle finger to Detroiters   nothing less. And the Ilitches, who ve done so much for this city and also taken so much from it, should be the last to embrace that kind of signaling.Sadly, it s people like Stephen Henderson who are so steeped in hate for anyone who doesn t buy into his nonsensical rhetoric, that will keep the hateful and divisive course Barack Obama set for our nation alive and well Here are just a few of many examples of how Kid Rock has given back to so many. These are videos you ll never see in the mainstream media. #1. 30-year old Dan Bawita is one of Kid Rock s biggest fans. As he sat at a table in a local restaurant in Michigan celebrating his birthday with friends and family, he got the surprise of his life when a very unexpected guest showed up to help him celebrate. Not only did Robert Ritchie, aka Kid Rock show up to surprise Dan, he spent over 2 hours hanging out with him and sharing a few pretty special gifts with his new friend.#2. In 2011, U.S. Army Sgt. Davin Dumar lost his left leg and suffered several other injuries during a deployment to Afghanistan. After 70 surgeries, Dan and his wife Dana wanted to move back to Michigan and settle down where they grew up. Kid Rock worked a local Michigan builder, Pulte Homes, and Operation Finally Home to build a home for the wounded vet and his wife. Watch Kid Rock, as he helps to surprise the couple with their new home:#3. Kid Rock didn t just visit the troops in Baghdad, he visited our troops while they were in a combat zone. A true American badass #4. In 2008, Kid Rock visited the troops in Al Asad, Iraq, for a Christmas concert. He started the concert by giving a speech thanking the troops for helping to protect our freedom of speech.    Watch him sing  All Summer Long  for the troops. ***Language warning***#5. In 2012, when the Detroit Symphony Orchestra was in danger of folding due to lack of funds, Kid Rock stepped up to the plate and performed a full-blown concert with the symphony to help raise money for the amazing group of musicians, who 5 years later, are still playing.***As a bonus (and because I also attended Romeo High School) we decided to include this video of Robert Ritchie surprising the high school he attended with a $5K gift to be used to help boost their arts program.",0
17985,TRUMP’S DOJ CHOOSES SIDES In Supreme Court Case Of Baker Who Refused To Make Cake For Gay Wedding,"The double standard in our judicial system today, as it relates to the protection of religious rights for Christians in America is stunning. Activist judges have been legislating from the bench for far too long when it comes to the protection of religious rights. Will President Trump s DOJ put an end to the persecution of Christians with this very important upcoming case?  In a major upcoming Supreme Court case that weighs equal rights with religious liberty, the Trump administration on Thursday sided with a Colorado baker who refused to bake a wedding cake for a same-sex couple.The Department of Justice on Thursday filed a brief on behalf of baker Jack Phillips, who was found to have violated the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act by refusing to created a cake to celebrate the marriage of Charlie Craig and David Mullins in 2012. Phillips said he doesn t create wedding cakes for same-sex couples because it would violate his religious beliefs.The government agreed with Phillips that his cakes are a form of expression, and he cannot be compelled to use his talents for something in which he does not believe. Forcing Phillips to create expression for and participate in a ceremony that violates his sincerely held religious beliefs invades his First Amendment rights,  Acting Solicitor General Jeffrey B. Wall wrote in the brief.  WaPoComedian Steven Crowder made a powerful (and hilarious) video that was seen by over 5 MILLION viewers, exposing how the left twists the narrative to promote their radical ideology. Crowder went undercover to several Muslim bakeries in Dearborn, Michigan to see how many of them would be willing to bake a cake for a gay couple. Keep in mind, the left is the champion of Muslim communities in America when it comes to protecting their rights.Watch:In 2015, Star Transport lost a high profile case after two Muslim Somali immigrant drivers who worked for them were fired for refusing to deliver alcohol, as part of their job. Star Transport was forced to pay $240,000 to the two Muslim men after the jury found them guilty of violating the Muslim men s faith.  The Federal Judge in the case EEOC alleged that in 2009, Star Transport fired Mohamed and Bulshale after they were required to transport alcohol. Both men told Star Transport that they believed doing so would violate their religious beliefs under Islamic law.Does anyone see a pattern of protection for certain religious beliefs, but not for others?In another very high profile case, the very successful Sweet Cakes by Melissa bakery was forced to shut down, after a leftist judge ruled against the owners, owners Melissa and Aaron Klein, for not agreeing to bake a cake for a lesbian wedding.Watch, as they discuss the shut down of their bakery in this interview:And who could forget this heartbreaking story of Arlene, an adorable little owner of Arlene s Florist, who refused to supply a regular customer flowers for his gay wedding: ",0
17986,"DONALD TRUMP JR., JUST HUMILIATED Michael Moore In Front Of Millions On Social Media…And It Was SPECTACULAR!","Leftist activist and mediocre filmmaker Michael Moore made a very lame attempt at shaming President Donald Trump on Friday. Moore feigned concern on Twitter that Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, FL wasn t being used as a shelter. Moore tweeted on Friday,  Has he [President Trump] opened up Mar-a-Lago as a shelter yet? , suggesting that President Trump should have opened the doors to his public club to help those looking for shelter from Hurricane Irma that was set to pound the southern and eastern shores of Florida.Has he opened up Mar-a-Lago as a shelter yet?  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) September 8, 2017After Micheal Moore s tweet got over 56K likes and 17K shares from equally ignorant liberals, Donald Trump Jr., gave Moore a lesson on geography.It's on an island on both the ocean & intercostal and in a mandatory evacuation zone  probably not the best idea, but you know, narrative! https://t.co/Ji5V5lh7ya  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 10, 2017In other words, Mar-a-Lago is the last place anyone who s looking for shelter from a hurricane would want to be.Here s an ariel shot of Mar-a-Lago, confirming that indeed, Moore s statement, which he apparently thought was very clever, was instead about the dumbest remark to date, that anyone has made about possible locations for shelters from the hurricane.Keep up the good work Michael. The more you hate on Donald Trump and his family, the more voters the Democrat Party will lose in 2018 and beyond As a side note, Trump ruffled a lot of feathers in the exclusive enclave of Palm Beach, FL when he opened the doors to Mar-a-Lago to both Blacks and Jews, when other private clubs in the area were excluding them. Put that in your pipe and smoke it, Moore ",0
17987,WOW! POPE FRANCES Tells Journalists That People Who Don’t Believe In Man-Made Climate Change Are “Stupid” and “Stubborn”,"Here is a portion of the interview that was conducted by a group of journalists and Pope Frances today:Vatican Insider    I leaned out to greet the children and didn t see the glass, and  pum! The Pope with a smile and an obvious dark bruise framing his left cheek, answers the question on how he feels after the small accident that happened to him in Cartagena. Immediately after the Avianca flight took off from Cartagena, Francis spoke for 38 minutes with journalists on immigration, climate change, Trump s latest measures and the situation in Venezuela. He confirmed that he had a private meeting with the Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, but denied that there was talk of immigration. He expressed his support to Italy for what the country is doing by trying to manage the emergency landings and regulate immigration flows. Here is a list of US Senators who are also Catholics. Their pro-life ratings are listed in front of their names.: Senate100% Mike Johanns, R-Neb.100% Jim Risch, R-Idaho100% David Vitter, R-La.94% Pat Toomey, R-Pa.**68% Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska50% Robert Casey Jr., D-Pa.31% Mary Landrieu, D-La.23% Susan Collins, R-Maine11% Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.4% John Kerry, D-Mass.2% Richard Durbin, D-Ill.2% Tom Harkin, D-Iowa2% Barbara Mikulski, D-Md.2% Patty Murray, D-Wash.2% Jack Reed, D-R.I.1% Robert Menendez, D-N.J.0% Mark Begich, D-Alaska0% Maria Cantwell, D-Wash.0% Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y.0% Claire McCaskill, D-Mo.Does anyone see a pattern here? Yet, no open condemnation for these lawmakers who actually have the power to stop the barbaric practice of abortion by the Pope. Italy is starting to feel the climate change. There have been many deaths in recent days and so much damage  Why is it that governments are delaying this realization, whereas on other issues they keep soliciting, like on the Korean arms race, for example?How ironic that the Pope would suggest climate-change deniers who ve been screaming that phony climate change data and peddlers are part of a scheme to extort money from citizens that will somehow  fix  the NOT resolved science behind  man-made climate change. I have heard of the abolition of this law, but I have not been able to read the articles on how and why this decision was taken. I do not know the situation well. However, detaching young people from their family won t bear any good fruit for young people or the family. This law comes from the executive and not from Parliament: if that is the case, I hope that they will think it over again a little bit. I have heard the President of the United States speak, who presents himself as a pro-life. If he is a good pro-life, he understands the importance of family and life: the unity of the family must be defended. When young people feel exploited, they ultimately feel hopeless. And who steals it? Drugs, other kinds of addictions, suicide  achievable when your roots are cut off. Anything that goes against the roots steals hope. ",0
17988,BREAKING REPORT: MITT ROMNEY To Make Huge Announcement About Running For Major Political Office…There’s Only ONE Thing Standing In His Way,"Sources tell UtahPolicy.com that former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is preparing to run for Senate in 2018 if Sen. Orrin Hatch decides to retire.Sources close to Romney say the two-time presidential candidate will jump into the 2018 Utah Senate scrum if Hatch opts not to.So far, Hatch has not made up his mind as to whether he ll run for an eighth term in 2018. He has previously said he was planning on running as long as his and his wife s health holds up.Dave Hansen, a longtime political advisor to Hatch, told UtahPolicy.com last month that he didn t expect Hatch to decide on his political future until October. However, sources now tell UtahPolicy.com that Hatch may not make up his mind until December.Hatch s reticence to make a definitive announcement is presenting other candidates from getting in the race, but Romney has the financial resources to mount a campaign no matter when Hatch decides.A UtahPolicy.com poll shows Romney would be in great shape to win a Senate race against Democrat Jenny Wilson. Romney pulls 64% of the vote to Wilson s 26%. The poll shows Stewart would only be ahead of Wilson 34-30, but that s likely due to Stewart being less familiar to Utah voters.Earlier this year Hatch said he would be willing to step aside if an  outstanding person  like Mitt Romney were to run for the seat he currently holds. Utah PolicyVia: Utah Policy ",0
17989,"HATE-FILLED LEFTISTS Tell Former Fox News Host Eric Bolling, His 19-Yr Old Son’s Death Is “Karma”…What He “Deserved” In Response To His Request For Prayers","Eric Bolling tweeted out a heartfelt statement about the unexpected death of his only child, 19-year old Eric Chase Bolling only one day after he was fired from his position as a wildly popular host on FOX News. The Murdoch s appear to be cleansing the network of any passionate and outspoken Trump supporters.  The allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced after a  Huffington Post reporter Yahsar Ali interviewed women who said he sent them inappropriate texts that contained sexual content.Eric Bolling, like Fox News host Sean Hannity, decided to fight back, and not take what he calls  false allegations  sitting down. Sean Hannity was a target of washed up blogger and lawyer Debbie Schlussel until he hired a team of lawyers who threatened to sue her. Like magic, the false allegations went away.Eric Bolling tweeted about his decision to fight the allegations by suing the author of the story on August 9, 2017:I will continue to fight against these false smear attacks! THANK YOU FOR CONTINUED SUPPORT  Eric Bolling (@ericbolling) August 9, 2017Huffington Post writer Yashar Ali responded:Just received a summons. Eric Bolling is suing me for defamation   $50 million in damages. I stand by my reporting + will protect my sources  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) August 9, 2017On September 8, the increasingly left-leaning FOX News network announced the firing of the wildly popular FoX News host, Eric Bolling, based on ALLEGATIONS that were levied against him by Caroline Heldman (pictured in photo below, second from right in a pussy hat) a serial sexual misconduct accuser, who once held a sign at a Trump protest accusing him of being a  rapist. Many brought up #pizzagate in response to my ""good people don't vote for rapists"" sign at Trump's inauguration. https://t.co/lTDtBEhhgh pic.twitter.com/T2S8UfIF5O  Caroline Heldman (@carolineheldman) June 22, 2017Bolling was hoping he would not go the way of the network s most popular conservative Bill O Reilly, who has since mocked the Murdoch s for their decision to can him. The Murdoch brothers also fired Roger Ailes, the then-head of Fox News Channel, for sexual harassment. Roger Ailes died shortly after his firing, many believed the firing took a huge toll on his health. It appears as though the Murdoch brothers have no intention slowing down on the firing of their most popular conservative hosts, regardless of the consequences.On September 9, Eric Bolling and his wife Adrienne lost their only son, 19-yr. old Eric Chase Bolling. The details of his death are still unknown, but rumors have been circulating that he took his own life after watching his father being smeared in the hate-filled, anti-Trump mainstream media. It wasn t enough that Fox News fired Bolling, or that he is suffering the unimaginable loss of his only son, the hate-filled alt-left liberals wanted him to suffer even more, as they took to Twitter to let Bolling know he  deserved  it.Bolling tweeted about the death of his son on September 9, making it clear that the details of his death were still  unclear . Here are some of the vile and hate-filled comments that leftists posted under his request for prayers: Sad news about your son, BUT karma is a hot bitch when she visits.Think about what you've done and the affect it has on others. #repent  Anthony (@Amgiv) September 9, 2017KARMA IS A BITCH !!! RACISM HOMOPHOBIC ECT WILL COME BACK TO GET YOU FIRST YIUR JOB THEN YOUR SON YOU SHOULD REALLY CHANGE YOUR LIFE  Samuel Defreese (@SamuelDefreese2) September 10, 2017Clearly sins of the father come to visit the son. The man was a dick pic sending creep. And Karma just hit him twice. Good riddance, lol pic.twitter.com/fr3aMLlfPh  White Jesus (@paleface_savage) September 9, 2017Eric Bolling lost his 19-year-old son and the response from these cretins? ""karma"" and ""got what he deserved""It's truly disgusting. pic.twitter.com/BtT3Ci0eO5  Chet Cannon (@Chet_Cannon) September 9, 2017",0
17990,Portland Antifa Throw Fireworks at Police During Patriot Prayer Rally [Video],"Antifa threw fireworks at police during the Patriot Prayer rally at Waterfront Park in Portland, Oregon. The Patriot Prayer rally had to be cancelled because of the Antifa violence. The Patriot Prayer rally and group are not in any way a white supremacist group but Antifa attacked them and the police anyway. The police told the crowd to disperse and that s when things got ugly.MIKE BIVINS: Antifa throw fireworks at police during Patriot Prayer rally at Waterfront Park in Portland, Oregon pic.twitter.com/4Nd1hR8N1q  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) September 10, 2017 THE POLICE DID A GREAT JOB AND DID NOT STAND DOWN   THIS IS WHAT LAW AND ORDER LOOKS LIKE:People yelling at police right now for their treatment of protestors. Something went off. People running away from state troopers now @OPB pic.twitter.com/C9QeZHSGnK  Ericka Cruz Guevarra (@erkagvra) September 10, 2017 The violent Left is attacking police and the press in Portland.The violent Left is attacking police and the press in Portland. #Antifa is hurling rocks, bottles and explosives. https://t.co/nAi2zJYZZt  Brendon Peck   (@PeckPolitics) September 10, 2017 The Riot Police Is anyone else fed up with the Antifa violence? The police did a great job of controlling the crowd:Go go go https://t.co/Lqv1RjEF7q  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) September 10, 2017 ANTIFA ASSAULTS ONE GUY WHO ISN T IN ALL BLACK:Antifa running this dude dressed as infantry; hit him with punches and kicked him. #vancouver #patriotprayer pic.twitter.com/s9Bv1Yiayd  Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) September 10, 2017 These are the losers from Portland Antifa:",0
17991,OUCH! BERNIE SANDERS Responds To Hillary’s Criticism…Slams Her With Category-5 Zinger [VIDEO],"WFB- The former Democratic presidential candidate appeared on  The Late Show With Stephen Colbert,  where he discussed the 2016 election and Clinton s new book What Happened, which delves into her devastating defeat at the hands of Trump.Colbert questioned Sanders about Clinton s claim that he caused  lasting damage  to her campaign during the primaries through his attacks against her.Next, Sanders hit Hillary right between the eyes when he reminded her how she lost to the candidate that the left never imagined could beat her Look, Secretary Clinton ran against the most unpopular candidate in the history of this country, and she lost,  Sanders said.  And she was upset about it. Now, I understand that. Our job now is really not to go backwards, it is to go forwards,  Sanders said.  And I think it s a little bit silly to be keeping talking about 2016. We got too many problems. ",0
17992,"LOL! WATCH HILLARY Explain Hilarious Reason She Bought House Next Door To Chappaqua Home, After She Was Sure She’d Beat Donald Trump","America s biggest loser, Hillary Clinton was seen in her first televised interview on  CBS Sunday Morning  with Jane Pauley since being pummeled by voters who overwhelmingly chose Donald J. Trump over her in the 2016 presidential election. Hillary, who isn t capable of letting her hair down, attempted to pretend to be forthcoming about how she dealt with the embarrassing thumping she took at the polls in an election pollsters insisted she d win.In typical Hillary fashion, she blames her loss to Donald J. Trump on Russians and Americans who elected a  White Nationalist , while never once accepting responsibility for her flawed character or the enormous amount of distrust Americans have for her and for her sexual predator husband and the slush fund (the Clinton Foundation) the two of them, along with their dishonest daughter, have been operating for years.Watch Hillary tell Jane Pauley how she was so sure she was going to win the election, that she actually bought a house next to her and Bill s Chappaqua mansion in New York to house her staff servants. She also explains how painful it was to watch Trump s inauguration.lol",0
17993,HILLARY TWEETS MESSAGE In Defense Of DACA…OOPS! 2014 VIDEO Of Hillary EMERGES Saying Illegal Kids Should Be Sent Back,"No time to waste   we've got to fight with everything we've got to #DefendDACA. Thanks, @jorgeramosnews, for sharing these powerful stories. https://t.co/rNtZZ4ONBy  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 4, 2017Mediaite   But what about the interview Hillary did with CNN s Christiane Amanpour to promote her previous book,  Hard Choices ? A video has emerged showing the interview where Hillary told Amanpour that she believed the DACA kids should be sent back.During the exchange, Clinton had some tough words for the children of illegal immigrants, including waves of unaccompanied minors coming in 2014   telling Amanpour that the United States was a nation of laws and that they probably had to go.Watch at the 2:20 mark: The exchange went like this:AMANPOUR:  So, you re saying they should be sent back now? CLINTON:  Well, they should be sent back as soon as it can be determined who responsible adults in their families are, because there are concerns whether all of them should be sent back. But I think all of them who can be should be reunited with their families. And just as Vice President Biden is arguing today in Central America, we ve got to do more. I started this when I was secretary to deal with the violence in this region to deal with border security.But we have so to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn t mean the child gets to stay. So, we don t want to send a message that is contrary to our laws or will encourage more children to make that dangerous journey. Of course, Hillary is never one to keep her promises. As soon as she began campaigning, she began to change her tune on DACA: Well, they should be sent back as soon as it can be determined who responsible adults in their families are, because there are concerns whether all of them should be sent back,  said Clinton.  But I think all of them who can be should be reunited with their families. ",0
17994,"CLASSY GEORGE CLOONEY: “Steve Bannon is a failed f—ing screenwriter” If He Was In Hollywood, He’d Be “licking my A** to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays”","Steve Bannon has called himself a  street fighter,  but George Clooney has another way to describe the controversial former advisor to President Donald Trump: a  failed f ing screenwriter. Speaking to journalists at the Toronto International Film Festival on Friday to promote his new film, the racially-charged Suburbicon, Clooney unloaded on Bannon, who will appear on Sunday s 60 Minutes for his first televised interview since leaving the White House last month. I like picking fights. I like that Breitbart News wants to have my head. I d be ashamed 10 years from now if those weaselly little putzes, whose voices are getting a lot higher every week as this presidency starts to look worse and worse weren t still [after me],  Clooney said.  Steve Bannon is a failed f ing screenwriter, and if you ve ever read [his] screenplay, it s unbelievable. Now, if he d somehow managed miraculously to get that thing produced, he d still be in Hollywood, still making movies and licking my ass to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays. Before he became a prominent right-wing media baron and member of Trump s inner circle, Bannon worked in Hollywood as a producer and financier (he famously made some money off the Seinfeld syndication deal). He also dabbled in screenwriting, having co-written a hip-hop musical based on Shakespeare s Coriolanus that takes place during the 1992 L.A. riots. (Clooney has mocked Bannon for his Hollywood background in the past as well.)Paul Joseph Watson had one of the best videos ever in response to Clooney s remarks about Trump (above). ***Language warning*** ",0
17995,Florida Man Gives Away Last Generator To Desperate Woman…But It Gets Better [Video],"The heartwarming story below will reassure you that we can all come together to help each other no matter what.ABC News reports:Like many Floridians racing to buy food and supplies before the arrival of Hurricane Irma, Pam Brekke found herself miles from home today, desperately hoping to score a generator.According to ABC affiliate WFTV-TV, Brekke, a Sanford, Florida, resident, had spent days waiting for empty shelves to be restocked and searching for a generator.She said today that she d traveled more than 30 miles to Orlando to a Lowe s Home Improvement store that had received a surprise shipment of a little more than 200 generators.Within two hours, however, the generators were sold out and Brekke, who had been next in line, was empty-handed.. . . . A heartbroken Brekke then began to cry. Ramon Santiago, who had gotten one of the generators but had not purchased it yet, noticed and insisted that she take his. She needs the generator,  Santiago told WFTV-TV.  It s OK. Brekke shared with Santiago that it was her ailing father who needed the generator to power his oxygen supply.  The story doesn t stop there. When Lowe s got more generators, the first person they called was Santiago. He received a free generator in response to his generous, selfless act.WBAL reports:Enter Ramon Santiago of Orlando.He also saw Brekke crying and insisted that she take the generator he d carted but had not yet bought. Brekke shared that she d wanted the generator not for herself but actually for her ailing father who needed it to power his oxygen supply. I m worried about this storm,  she told WFTV.The two embraced and went their separate ways but their story   a random act of kindness in the middle of chaos and stress before a deadly storm   made the rounds not only on social media, but also at Lowe s.When a new generator became available later that day, the store manager told WFTV that she immediately thought of Santiago. On Friday, Santiago returned to Lowe s with WFTV to get his own generator for free from the store. I wanted to make sure he received it because he definitely deserved it,  manager Melissa Rodriguez told WFTV.  He s the hero of the day. AMERICANS RISE ABOVE THE DIVISION THE PRESS PORTRAYS INCREDIBLY HEARTWARMING!",0
17996,WATCH: DIAMOND AND SILK Make A Surprise Visit To “THE VIEW” and It Might Be The Funniest Thing You’ve Ever Seen,"They re President Trump s #1 fans and they ve been with him from the start of his campaign. The wildly popular, hilarious and outspoken  Diamond and Silk  duo have been hitting it out of the park on YouTube with their videos that rely entirely on pro-Trump commentary. They never use vulgarity or threats and their videos are always G-rated (Well, okay, a few of their videos may be PG-13). Apparently supporting the President of the United States now violates YouTube s monetization policies. Their videos have received millions of hits and had such an effect on liberals that Youtube recently made the decision to pull 95% of their revenue.Conservative Trump supporters Lynnette Hardway and Rochelle Richardson of North Carolina, know they re never going to get an invitation to leftist  The View  show, so, by using a few special effects, Diamond and Silk have decided to make a surprise visit to The View hags and give them a piece of their mind. The result is hilarious!Watch, as Diamond and Silk school Whoopie, Joy Behar and the rest of the liberal hags on The View about who is, and who is not our President, and remind them of what the President s role is and what is expected of Congress.Enjoy:.@DiamondandSilk  have been anxious to get Whoopi & the ladies from The View straighten out because they've gotten a lot of stuff twisted. pic.twitter.com/ddkgKcW7yF  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) September 9, 2017",0
17997,TEXAS CIVIL RIGHTS LAWYER and Dartmouth Grad Says He’d Be “OK if #BetsyDeVos was sexually assaulted” After DeVos Announced Law Would Be Restored In College Sex Assault Cases,"Texas Civil Rights lawyer Rob Ranco is a partner at The Carlson Law Firm at the Round Rock, TX location. He is the supervising attorney for the firm s three Austin offices.When Rob isn t busy chasing ambulances or using a bullying incident his daughter allegedly faced at school to gain celebrity, he s publicly telling the world he d be okay if Betsy DeVos, a mother, grandmother and US Secretary of Education was sexually assaulted. It looks the real bully has been exposed Here s Rob Ranco s vile tweet, that he quickly deleted after it started to get traction on Twitter:This is what Rob s Twitter account looks like now:Here is a link to the archived tweet and to the responses Ranco got to his disgusting comment: https://archive.fo/xNdigRob Ranco, a partner in the Texas Carlson Law Firm was apparently referring to a decision made by Betsy DeVos, that she announced earlier in the week regarding changes that would be made to  Title IX as it relates to the unfair and unlawful way sexual assault cases are currently being tried on college campuses.Betsy DeVos spoke on Thursday, September 7, at George Mason University s Virginia campus. DeVos ignited a firestorm when she announced the end of yet another case of an unlawful overreach by Barack Obama, that affected every college student by stripping them of their right to due process in sexual assault cases.DeVos explained her reasoning for reversing an unfair and impractical solution to sexual assault on campuses:  Survivors, victims of a lack of due process, and campus administrators, have all told me that the current approach does a disservice to everyone involved. A student says he or she was sexually assaulted by another student on campus. If he or she isn t urged to keep quiet, or discouraged from reporting it to local law enforcement, the case goes to a school administrator, who will act as the judge and jury. The accused may or may not be told of the allegations before a decision is rendered. If there is a hearing, both the survivor and the accused, may or may not be allowed legal representation. Whatever evidence is presented may or may not be shown to all parties. The notion that a school must diminish due process rights to better serve the victim only creates more victims. A better way also means we shouldn t demand anyone become something they are not.Click HERE for video of Betsy DeVos making her announcement that has the Ivy League educated attorney so angry.Ranco brags about his huge settlement against the Austin Police Department in 2016, for excessive use of force against an innocent citizen. Rob offered to give up his salary before the case was even settled in an effort to get the Austin Police Department to admit guilt before the settlement. The Youtube videos showing him asking for an apology for his client have all been mysteriously scrubbed, but we have managed to locate the grandstanding video and can be seen below:Rob mentions his wife Tonia, who has her own website and Youtube channel that caters to women in his profile on Twitter.Tonia has also shut down her Twitter account, as her husband s disgusting remarks are sure to harm her business whose primary market appears to be women.Leave it to a liberal to be so filled with hate for anyone who doesn t agree with him, that he s willing to destroy his own career, and in the process, destroy his wife s career as well.Here s a video of Rob promoting himself and his excellent skills as a lawyer: ",0
17998,"WATCH: 12-YR OLD BOY’S MOTHER Helps Him Transition To A “Female”…2 Years Later, He Changes His Mind","In an upcoming episode of the Australian  60 Minutes,  a 12-year-old transgender boy details how he began the transition to a become a girl, only to change his mind two years later.As a young child, Patrick Mitchell had always wanted to be a girl, the Independent reported.  You wish you could just change everything about you, you just see any girl and you say,  I d kill to be like that,'  Mitchell told interviewers.After speaking with doctors, Mitchell was diagnosed with gender dysphoria and began taking estrogen hormones in anticipation of a full transition. Mitchell grew out his hair and the treatment caused the prepubescent boy to grow a pair of breasts.gen der dys pho ri a the condition of feeling one s emotional and psychological identity as male or female to be opposite to one s biological sex.When teachers began to call him a girl in class, however, Mitchell began to question if he made the correct decision.  I began to realize I was actually comfortable in my body. Every day I just felt better,  he said.Mitchell s mother recounted his change of heart. He looked me in the eye and said,  I m just not sure that I am a girl,'  she told  60 Minutes.  Mitchell has since stopped taking his estrogen treatment and plans to have surgery to remove the breast tissue.Some studies have indicated that at least a portion of children who are diagnosed with gender dysphoria ultimately embrace the sex they were assigned at birth, New York Magazine reported. WFB",0
17999,BAD NEWS FOR THE SPEAKER: Many Republicans Agree…Trump’s Debt Deal Was Better Than Paul Ryan’s,"Trump knows the art of the deal like no one else! He d had enough of do-nothing Paul Ryan so he went around him and made a better deal with Democrats that actually helps the hurricane victims. The three month deal was much better than the commitment of 18 months that Speaker Ryan had proposed: President Trump shocked and angered Republicans on Wednesday by agreeing with Democrats on a bill to suspend the debt ceiling for three months, but by Thursday, Republican lawmakers and aides were acknowledging that Trump s plan was better for Republicans than the plan put forward by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.Many Republicans weren t all that happy with either proposal. Ryan was proposing an 18-month suspension of the debt ceiling that would have let the government keep borrowing as much as it needed, and said the long time frame was needed to provide for market stability.But Democrats said they could only agree to a three-month suspension since they wanted leverage more immediately for other issues they want to pursue in the coming weeks. Trump s decision to take the Democratic plan was seen by some as a betrayal of Republicans, and a sign Trump was abandoning the GOP on a key legislative package.After the dust settled, however, Republican lawmakers and aides made it clear they saw the three-month plan as a slight improvement over Ryan s plan.The reason was simple.Neither plan involved a commitment to new spending cuts as a condition for allowing more government borrowing, something many conservatives wanted to see. With that key piece lacking, many Republicans preferred a shorter term agreement for the same reason Democrats did: it will let them try much sooner to leverage the next debt ceiling fight for their own policy prescription, in this case, spending cuts.A source with the conservative House Freedom Caucus said that group has not met to discuss the plan that Trump settled on Wednesday. But this source said many members of the group seem to agree that both deals were bad because neither included a commitment to spending cuts. Lots of members think the three-month deal is bad, but so is an 18-month deal,  this source said. But the source added that the shorter time frame will at least let them try again soon, and in that way, is better for Republicans. [HFC] members don t want to sit on their hands,  the source said.HFC members, in particular, see the debt ceiling deadline as a chance to threaten not to vote for an increase in the borrowing limit until spending cuts are included. When the battle heats up again, the HFC is expected to push for a cap on federal spending based on a percentage of U.S. gross domestic product.The HFC is a relatively small group of conservative lawmakers known for clashing with House GOP leaders. The Republican Study Committee, in contrast, is more mainstream and is comprised of most House GOP lawmakers for the purpose of advancing conservative policies.But even the RSC indicated Wednesday that Trump s deal is better for Republicans than what Ryan was pushing. For example, RSC member Tom Cole, R-Okla., said Wednesday that he preferred Trump s plan over Ryan s. I think a short-term deal is much easier to vote for than an 18-month or two-year extension with no offsets,  he said on MSNBC, describing the choices that were put before the GOP. Cole cast the deal Trump reached as a slight delay that will let Republicans try again soon for spending cuts. I think a much worse deal would have been to extend the debt ceiling with no spending cuts,  he added.  So we live to fight another day. For entire story: Washington Examiner ",0
18000,We need a ‘one pager’ tax form – Wilbur Ross on Tax Reform [Video],"Wilbur Ross spoke with WaPo about  true  tax reform He did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. He said the W2 should be a  one pager . He believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes We say Amen to that!If Congress doesn t get in the way, tax cuts and simplification are a possibility. Ross is such a great pick for President Trump. he s another one who doesn t need this job at all but is doing it for America. Pretty awesome!MORE ON WILBUR ROSS:WILBUR ROSS ON NEIL CAVUTO: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the Paris Accord. He appeared on Neil Cavuto right before President Trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain America of trillions of dollars. We re so lucky he s our Commerce Secretary! He s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for America financially.WILBUR ROSS TAKES ON MATT LAUER: Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce, tells that President Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord does not mean that the U.S. will do nothing to combat climate change. He says that President Trump  is an environmentalist  and that the decision will do nothing to damage America s national security. Yes, you can be an environmentalist and care about the planet BUT not be for this boondoggle!",0
18001,Report: Facebook’s Zuckerberg Gave FBI’s Mueller Info for Russia Investigation,"The information below is almost like a satire piece from The Onion. It s so funny that anyone could claim that ads are believed to have swayed the election.How about the fact that Clinton was a horrible candidate? How about the fact that the American people are 100% FED Up! with phony career politicians. The  report  from Facebook was turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. What a joke! THIS PROVES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!A WHOPPING $100,000 ON ADS:Facebook has turned over all information about ads  likely  purchased by Russian operatives to special counsel Robert Mueller, according to a report.A source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday that the social media giant had sent the former FBI director data including copies of the ads and the identity of the buyers. That report followed news that an internal Facebook investigation found it is agents of the Kremlin may have spent $100,000 on ads with  divisive messages  between June 2015 and May 2017.A Facebook blog post published on Wednesday said the operation involved 3,000 separate ads over a two-year period and was likely to have been run out of Russia. In addition, Facebook found 470 affiliated fake accounts and pages.PRESIDENT TRUMP IS CORRECT   IT S A  WITCH HUNT :Mueller is investigating Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election and whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Kremlin. The investigation has dogged and frustrated President Donald Trump, who has called it a  witch hunt  and a  hoax. According to Facebook, about $50,000 of the funds   about 2,200 ads   were potentially related to affecting U.S. politics. The majority of the ads did not reference the presidential election, voting or a specific candidate. However, the ads focused on  divisive social and political messages  about hot-button topics including LGBT rights, race, immigration and gun rights. Facebook has shared its findings with U.S. authorities.WHAAAAT?  EVIDENCE  OF WHAT EXACTLY?Facebook said in April that it found evidence some groups used its platform to sway the outcome of the election.It did not specify targets or who was behind the attack, but said its own findings did  not contradict  a U.S. Director of National Intelligence report in January about Russian efforts to influence the election.Via: CNBC ",0
18002,"NEW HAMPSHIRE VOTER FRAUD BOMBSHELL: New Report Reveals How Over 5,500 Votes Were Illegally Cast On Election Day 2016"," Kris Kobach   For years, the mainstream media has ignored the problem of voter fraud and belittled those of us who are trying to do something about it. And when secretaries of state like me identify cases of fraud, we are told that the number of incidents of voter fraud is too insignificant to matter.New Hampshire was a must win for Hillary. Watch CNN explain the significance of winning the state of New Hampshire for Hillary: New Hampshire is one of fifteen states that allow same-day voter registration. The benefit of same-day registration is that it allows a person who has procrastinated or has forgotten to register to nonetheless cast a ballot on election day. The downside of same-day registration is that it does not allow the state time to assess the eligibility of the voter. A volunteer poll worker simply accepts a modicum of identification and takes the voter at his word that he s a U.S. citizen resident of the state who is eligible to vote.New Hampshire is also a battleground state. Unlike neighboring Massachusetts and Vermont, which reliably vote for the Democrat in presidential elections, New Hampshire can swing either way. It has long been reported, anecdotally, that out-of-staters take advantage of New Hampshire s same-day registration and head to the Granite State to cast fraudulent votes.Now there s proof.According to statistics released by the Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, on the date of the general election in November 2016, there were 6,540 same-day registrants who registered to vote in New Hampshire using an out-of-state driver s license to prove their identity. In and of itself, that doesn t prove that any fraud occurred   theoretically, each of those individuals could have been someone who recently moved to the State and had not yet had time to get a New Hampshire driver s license. According to New Hampshire law, a new resident has 60 days to obtain a New Hampshire driver s license.So if those 6,540 voters were bona fide New Hampshire residents, they would get their driver s license no later than January 7, 2017. However, the numbers tell a very different story. It turns out that, as of August 30, 2017   nearly ten months after the election   only 1,014 of the 6,540 same-day registrants who registered with an out-of-state license had obtained a New Hampshire driver s license. The other 5,526 individuals never obtained a New Hampshire driver s license. And, of those 5,526, only 213 registered a vehicle in New Hampshire.So 5,313 of those voters neither obtained a New Hampshire driver s license nor registered a vehicle in New Hampshire. They have not followed the legal requirements for residents regarding driver s licenses, and it appears that they are not actually residing in New Hampshire. It seems that they never were bona fide residents of the State.5,513 is a big number   more than enough to swing two very important elections. The closest major election was the contest between incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte and challenger Maggie Hassan (D). Hassan won the election by a razor-thin margin of 1,017 votes. Those 5,313 fraudulent votes were more than enough to swing the election. If 59.2 percent or more of them went for Hassan, then the election was stolen through voter fraud. That s likely, since the surrounding states are Democrat strongholds.It s also possible that New Hampshire s four electoral college votes were swung to Hillary Clinton through illegal voting by nonresidents. Clinton won New Hampshire by only 2,732 votes. If 74.8 percent of the 5,513 fraudulent votes were cast for Clinton, then the presidential election in New Hampshire was tipped as well.If the presidential contest had been closer and had come down to a margin of three or four electoral college votes, then this voter fraud might have had extraordinary consequences. Regardless, in the Senate contest, it is highly likely that voting by nonresidents changed the result.   Breitbart ",0
18003,BOOM! LIBS GO NUTS After BETSY DEVOS Announces “Due Process” Barack Obama Stripped From College Students In Sexual Assault Cases Will Be Restored [VIDEO],"President Trump s Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos spoke today at George Mason University s Virginia campus. DeVos ignited a firestorm when she announced the end of yet another case of an unlawful overreach by Barack Obama, that affected every college student by stripping them of their right to due process in sexual assault cases.DeVos explained her reasoning for reversing an unfair and impractical solution to sexual assault on campuses:  Survivors, victims of a lack of due process, and campus administrators, have all told me that the current approach does a disservice to everyone involved. A student says he or she was sexually assaulted by another student on campus. If he or she isn t urged to keep quiet, or discouraged from reporting it to local law enforcement, the case goes to a school administrator, who will act as the judge and jury. The accused may or may not be told of the allegations before a decision is rendered. If there is a hearing, both the survivor and the accused, may or may not be allowed legal representation. Whatever evidence is presented may or may not be shown to all parties. The notion that a school must diminish due process rights to better serve the victim only creates more victims. A better way also means we shouldn t demand anyone become something they are not.Students, families, school administrators are generally not lawyers, and they re not judges. We shouldn t force them to be so for justice to be served.The era of rule by letter is over. Through intimidation and coercion, the failed system has clearly pushed schools to overreach. With the heavy hand of Washington tipping the balance of her scale, the sad reality is that Lady Justice is not blind on campuses today. Watch:Liberals immediately attempted to twist the facts in this decision to uphold the law by allowing every American the right to due process, into  Trump adminstration supports rape on college campuses.  Liberals are so used to a president and an administration who flagrantly disregards the law, they can t even comprehend why due process is one of our most sacred rights.Twitter user, Makada does a great job of explaining to the leftsits who are criticizing DeVos and Presdient Trump that men should be entitled to the same rights as women, and that it is NOT okay to determine that they are guilty of sexual assault without a fair trial in a court of law:Leftists are tweeting #StopBetsy because she wants men to be innocent until proven guilty. I guess liberals don't believe in due process.  Makada   (@_Makada_) September 7, 2017Here are a few of the uninformed responses to DeVos  statement today:Let s start with dingbat of the year, Democrat Rep. Nancy Pelosi s reaction to DeVos  announcement:.@BetsyDeVosED's remarks are another salvo in Admin's attacks on women & survivors by destroying robust Title IX enforcement. #StopBetsy  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) September 7, 2017When a leftist uses a quote by Joe Biden, you know her argument is very likely baseless:What could DeVos and Trump possibly have to gain by taking away Title IX protections for college women? #StopBetsy pic.twitter.com/TAdjA1gp0K  Amy Siskind (@Amy_Siskind) September 7, 2017Apparently, according to Amy Siskind, restoring the rule of law is,  just the next step on our path to authoritarianism.  Liberal logic 101 LOL!DeVos wiping away Title IX protections for college sexual assault is just the next step on our path to authoritarianism. #StopBetsy1/  Amy Siskind (@Amy_Siskind) September 7, 2017You wouldn t be true to your leftist ideology if you didn t throw race and sexual orientation into your argument that has absolutely nothing to do with either one. LOL!Betsy DeVos won't protect lgbtq and non white students from discrimination or sexual assault victims. Who does she protect? #StopBetsy  britt (@bmorgan16) September 7, 2017And then there were a few people on Twitter who reminded the left about cases where the alleged  victim  was found to be lying about her rape (after she destroyed the accused rapist s life of course):#StopBetsy: Remember Your Hero Mattress Girl? She Lied About Being Raped & Destroyed A Young Mans Life. #TitleIX Allowed That To Happen  pic.twitter.com/Vf6PjzWfsS  Deplorable R z rbak (@MediaJuggernaut) September 7, 2017Paul Joseph Watson provided a very telling video that dispels the misconception of out-of-control rape on college campuses that needs to be protected by the left:Are 1 in 5 Women Raped at College?Hint: No.#StopBetsyhttps://t.co/pPpENyoBh4  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 7, 2017",0
18004,CONSERVATIVE Has Message For “DREAMERS” Screaming “He’s not my President!” and It’s HILARIOUS!,"Remember when illegal aliens, students, and residents of Berkeley took to the streets to march in solidarity, and publicly affirm that President Donald Trump is  Not my President! ? It s really not surprising to see ILLEGAL ALIENS boldly chanting  He s not my President!  after our former president promised them unconstitutional citizenship rights. Should anyone really take an illegal alien seriously who shouts that President Trump is  not my President,  when in fact, their  president  is actually in another country? But then again, what difference does law and order make to students and non-citizens who are used to living under a president, like Barack Obama who openly defied both?Conservative Twitter user Brooks Brown hit the nail on the head with his tweet to  Dreamers  standing on our soil belching that Trump s  NOT MY PRESIDENT'  by reminding them that their  dreams have gladly come true. https://t.co/9ZLjdyRFSEAll you ""Dreamers"" standing on our soil belching that Trump's ""NOT MY PRESIDENT"" your dreams have gladly come true!   brooks brown  (@bbusa617) September 5, 2017The photo Brown used in his tweet was taken from a video that was filmed during the 2016 campaign season. A group of illegal aliens gathered together to protest Trump on a corner in advance of his arrival at a campaign event in Arizona. ",0
18005,CHER TELLS TWITTER Followers To Open Their Homes To “DREAMERS”…Conservative Twitter User Shares Her Address To Make It Easier For “Dreamers” To Find Her,"Two days ago, Cher, a leftist agitator, and Trump-hater extraordinaire told followers of her Twitter account that they MUST take a DREAMER into their home and  protect them . The  has been  entertainer took it one step further and told her followers that she was  Ready 2 Do This  and that  Others in MY BUSINESS WILL DO THE SAME!!  She ended her tweet with the word  SANCTUARY , indicating that she and the people employed by her would be offering aid and comfort to illegal alien strangers.Those Who Can Must Take a DREAMER In2 Their Home & Protect Them I m Ready 2 Do This &  Others in MY BUSINESS WILL DO THE SAME SANCTUARY  Cher (@cher) September 5, 2017The one thing Cher neglected to do was to provide and address or a map to her residence. How in the world does she expect 800,000 ILLEGAL ALIENS to find their new home without an address?Well, thanks to the kindness and generosity of a conservative Twitter user and Trump supporter extraordinaire, illegal aliens who are looking for  SANCTUARY  can now find it in Cher s massive mansion on the ocean. What a lucky break!DREAMERS : 27423 Pacific Coast Hwy, Malibu Ca. Not a Joke, You Are Welcome Yours truly, Cher pic.twitter.com/pSeRD0aKgm   brooks brown  (@bbusa617) September 6, 2017And to think all they needed to do was illegally cross our borders, and without even lifting a finger, they ll be living in the lap of luxury in Cher s mansion on the coast of California in Malibu, where the 1% who advocate for the little guy live.  According to this report from Zillow, Cher had her 13,000 sq. ft. home listed with Hilton & Hyland for a mere $45 million in 2010, at which time it did not sell. The home has 7 bedrooms and 9 bathrooms. She clearly has enough room for hundreds of illegal aliens.From Zillow:Last August, we reported that Cher s Malibu home was up for sale for $45 million. The place didn t sell and according to the LA Times, Cher withdrew the listing in May, spending the past few months re-doing the interior.Well, it looks like Cher is satisfied with the re-do; her home at 25142 Pacific Coast Highway, Malibu, CA is back on the market   this time for $41 million. So, in three months  time, Cher s house comes with a new interior and a price whack of $4 million. Anyone in the market for a 13,000+ sq ft home with 7 bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, a theater and a gym that sits on a 1.7 acre-Malibu bluff with a tennis court, an infinity pool and a guesthouse?It is being listed by Hilton & Hyland.In the meantime, Cher had better luck on the Big Island of Hawaii, selling her home in an auction on Jan. 18, 2010, for $8.72 million. ",0
18006,"HOLLYWOOD ACTRESS BRAGS About Her “Best Abortion”…”If I Could Yelp Review it, I Totally Would!”","Plimpton, 46, who starred in The Goonies when she was 15, was speaking at a #ShoutYourAbortion event in June in Seattle, but the recent release of online footage of her remarks in which she boasted about her abortion are causing a firestorm on Twitter.Plimpton told the cheering crowd:Seattle has some particular significance for me for lots of reasons. I ve got a lot of family here, some of whom are here in the audience tonight. I also had my first abortion here at the Seattle Planned Parenthood! Yay!Notice I said  first and I don t want Seattle   I don t want you guys to feel insecure, it was my best one. Heads and tails above the rest. If I could Yelp review it, I totally would. And if that doctor s here tonight, I don t remember you at all, I was 19,  she continued as the crowd applauded.  I was 19, but I thank you nonetheless. You probably won t remember because I wasn t that famous then.    Breitbart NewsWATCH this sub-human brag about killing her children: ",0
18007,WASHINGTON POST PRAISES MICHELLE OBAMA For “Reclaiming her image”…For Openly Supporting Racist and Cop-Hating Black Lives Matter,"Washington Post: Is this the woman that Michelle Obama sees when she looks in the mirror now, free of the White House and the media scrutiny of presidential politics? After more than a decade in public life, can she freely shed the sheath dress and pearls for a wide brim black hat and dookie braids?She just did.By allowing herself to be photographed alongside 15 other members of Beyonc s inner circle, Obama reclaimed her image from the annals of stodgy first lady portraits. And, she did it by embodying Beyonc s.The image, in case you haven t seen it, is part of a birthday tribute to the singer who posted portraits of black women   some famous, others not   dressed in one of her iconic looks from the  Formation  video.For those who aren t able to pick out Michelle without seeing her perpetual scowl or eyeballs rolling, she s the one in the middle:The Washington Post took great pains to make sure there is no room for interpretation when it comes the reason Michelle Obama chose to publicly throw her support behind Beyonce s divisive, cop-hating music.From the Washington Post:Both the former first lady and Queen Bey are two women who don t put images out into the world without carefully considering their meaning. So what s the former first lady telling us with this one?First, that she loves Beyonc . Well, duh: Their track record of public support dates back to the first inauguration, when the singer serenaded the Obamas with Etta James s  At Last. Second, that she loved  Formation,  undeniably one of  Beyonc s  most overtly political tracks. The video featured stark images of the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, along with graffiti supporting the movement for Black Lives Matter, a police cruiser sinking into a body of water and a young black boy dancing in front of a line of officers outfitted in riot gear. That s all before Beyonc  throws up her middle fingers.In other words There can be no denying that Michelle has given up the front, and is coming out as a full-fledged supporter of the anti-law enforcement Black Lives Matter domestic terror group.The Washington Post wrapped up their piece by reminding their readers how painful it s been for Michelle to be stuck in the White House, and how she s looking forward to living a  normal  life again, unlike the  stodgy  former first ladies before her:In one of her final interviews as first lady, Obama told Oprah Winfrey that she longed for a  normal  life after living in the nation s fish bowl. So it seems counter intuitive for her to participate in this such a public display of adulation for one of the world s most famous women.Add to that the controversial nature of the look   which hearkens to Beyonc  in one of her more militant moments. Remember that satirical New Yorker cover, which cast Michelle Obama as a fist-bumping, combat boot-wearing, afro d commando? That image, Obama has said,  knocked [her] back. ",0
18008,VANITY FAIR LEAVES MELANIA Off “BEST DRESSED” List…But Look Who Did Make The List,"Immediately following the election, a few leftist designers announced they wouldn t work with Melania Trump. Their decision to not offer their fashion creations to Melania hasn t seemed to have had much of an effect on her. Melania has brought elegance, class and most of all, style back to the White House that we haven t seen since the Jackie Kennedy era.Apparently, Vanity Fair missed the excitement and enthusiasm so many women (and men) seem to have for seeing photos of the always meticulously dressed First Lady Melania Trump, because somehow, her name was kept off their  Best Dressed Women of 2017  list, but several names that appeared on their list have many Americans scratching their heads in disbelief.Melania made her first major fashion statement on the day her husband was inaugurated as our 45th President, where she was seen wearing a stunning two-piece, robin s egg blue, Ralph Lauren suit.Later in the evening, Melania stunned again in a sleek white, off-the-shoulder column dress with a modest slit revealing her toned legs, as she and President Trump danced to Frank Sinatra s  My Way. There have been countless photos of Melania carrying herself with grace, class, and elegance as truly one of the most well-dressed First Lady s in history.Melania stunned the world in her luxurious black pants suit on her first overseas trip to Saudi Arabia with President Trump:Again, Melania pulled off another amazing pants suit on her trip to Saudi Arabia, that even made some of us forget about the damage Hillary Clinton had done to the image of pants suits on women.But Vanity Fair s list apparently is less a list of  well dressed  individuals and couples, and more a list of individuals who lean left. Here are a few of the people who did make Vanity Fair s list:Here are a few of the people who did make Vanity Fair s  Best Dressed Women  list:Beyonce s sister, (Yes, the same sister who was caught on camera beating and kicking Jay Z in an elevator.) Solange Knowles made the list.  Because why?We don t need to go into the whole love-fest between Solange s much more famous sister Beyonce and the Obama s, do we?And the entertainer Rhianna, who usually looks like she just walked out a freak show, and calls women up to the stage while she s performing to grind on them in front of a packed house, was also named as one of Vanity Fair s  Best Dressed . Did we mention that she was a huge Obama supporter? When she visited the White House, she told her fans that the best part of the visit was that Obama was  black . She probably just forgot that he is also white. Anyhow, it s probably pretty clear why Vanity Fair chose her.Vanity Fair even had a  Best Dressed Couples  category, and to the surprise of no one, the Obama s and the Macron s made the list that should have been renamed the  High Profile People On The Left Who Wear Clothes . Of course, Michelle and Barack made the list. Even funnier, is the fact that Vanity Fair chose this photo to highlight Michelle s great taste in clothing.And then there s the leftist first couple of France, the Macron s. We must concede, that Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron are the only leftists on this list that we believe actually have any business being on a  Best Dressed  list. Like Melania Trump, France s first lady never disappoints when it comes to fashion. Vanity Fair did however mention Melania and her fashion sense in arecent article, but it was anything but flattering, as they attempted to accuse her of copying (of all people) Michelle Obama, as a way to make her more appealing to Americans. LOL!From the Vanity Fair article:Melania Trump appears to be taking a page out of the Michelle Obama book of fashion. The usually designer-clad Trump flew from Camp David to D.C. over the weekend wearing a surprisingly affordable $75 pink gingham shirt from J.Crew along with a pair of matching J Brand pink pants and Manolo Blahnik flats. According to Yahoo Style Canada, the button-up top is a discontinued piece from the brand s 2012 collection. Perhaps she s been waiting to save the economical top for just the right moment in her First Lady reign.The mall brand is a major departure from the First Lady s typical designer wardrobe, which is occasionally criticized for being over the top and out of touch. Trump s predecessor Michelle Obama was often lauded for wearing J.Crew during her time in the White House, coming across as a more relatable and accessible First Lady than many in the past. It seems entirely possible that Trump is ripping out a page from the Obama handbook in order to drum up some much-needed goodwill from the public. ",0
18009,N KOREA JUST REVEALED Plans To Unleash An Unimaginable  Attack That Could Lead To Electronic Armageddon,"WFB  North Korea for the first time this week revealed plans for using its nuclear arms for space-based electronics-disrupting EMP attacks, in addition to direct warhead ground blasts.The official communist party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, published a report Monday on  the EMP might of nuclear weapons,  outlining an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack produced by detonating a nuclear warhead in space. In general, the strong electromagnetic pulse generated from nuclear bomb explosions between 30 kilometers and 100 kilometers [18.6 miles and 62 miles] above the ground can severely impair electronic devices, electric machines, and electromagnetic grids, or destroy electric cables and safety devices,  said the article authored by Kim Songwon, dean of Kim Chaek University of Technology in Pyongyang. The discovery of the electromagnetic pulse as a source of high yield in the high-altitude nuclear explosion test process has given it recognition as an important strike method,  he stated.The official discussion by North Korea of plans to conduct EMP strikes will likely fuel debate over the threat. Former CIA Director James Woolsey has said North Korea is capable of orbiting an EMP nuclear weapon in a satellite.Some liberal arms control advocates have dismissed the EMP threat from Pyongyang as far-fetched, such as arms control advocate Jeffrey Lewis, who in April dismissed the threat of an EMP attack by laughing at a reporter s question.  This is the favorite nightmare scenario of a small group of very dedicated people,  he told NPR.Disclosure of North Korea s intention to use its nuclear force for EMP attacks comes as U.S. intelligence agencies are continuing to analyze the latest underground nuclear test by North Korea on Sept. 3 that the regime said was its first hydrogen bomb explosion.Senior administration officials said initial assessments of the nuclear blast in northeastern North Korea indicate it was the largest test detonation so far, and much larger than an underground test carried out last year. It was the regime s sixth nuclear test.U.S. nuclear technicians have not made a definitive conclusion about the specifics of the device. Specialists are trying to determine if the test involved a hydrogen bomb, as Pyongyang asserted, or a device designed for EMP attack. They are also assessing whether the test used boosted fission technology.Hydrogen bombs are advanced devices that use a two-stage explosion process to produce a massive explosion. Boosted fission devices are less sophisticated technologically and require more nuclear fuel. We re highly confident this was a test of an advanced nuclear device and what we ve seen so far is not inconsistent with North Korea s claims,  a U.S. intelligence official said.However, a final conclusion on the type and yield of the blast is not expected for several days. Data from the test is being analyzed by nuclear weapons experts at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.Also, the large explosion perhaps more than 100 kilotons, or the equivalent of 100 tons of TN likely produced significant venting of radioactive particles into the air.Special U.S. intelligence aircraft, including the WC-135 nuclear  sniffer  jets, are conducting flights near the test zone to gather samples of particles from the test.EXPERTS ARE SAYING AN EMP ATTACK BY N KOREA IS A VERY REAL AND DARK POSSIBILITYAccording to the Business Insider, some experts believe that the more realistic threat at this point in time is an EMP attack. To make that happen, all North Korea has to do is launch a low-yield nuclear missile from a submarine, ship, or even by balloon and explode it at high altitude, above the atmosphere.The potential result: a blackout of the Eastern grid that supplies 75% of power to the United States.If an EMP attack did take place, it would be beyond anything we have seen before. The Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack, which was established by Congress in 2001, estimates that within 12 months following a nationwide blackout,  up to 90% of the US population could perish from starvation, disease, and societal breakdown. Electronic ArmageddonIn practical terms, a catastrophic blackout would be worst in cities, because it would instantly deprive the population of access to drinking water, refrigeration, heat, air conditioning, and telecommunication. Food stores would be looted within a matter of days, and gas stations would cease to function without electricity.Without Internet access and power, all commerce and advanced methods of communication would stop. There would be no TV, radio, phones. Credit card transactions and cash withdrawals at banks would be impossible. Paper money would become worthless, and Bitcoin would cease to exist, along with the stock market.Newt Gingrich, speaking at the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources earlier this month, said an EMP attack  would send us back to the 18th century. But that s not the only problem. If no outside help arrives, within days, chaos begins to reign. Civilization is a rather thin veneer that humans have acquired over centuries, a mask covering our hard-wired survival instincts. Once the mask slips, it could mean the end of the world as we know it.We are Ill-Prepared For An EMP AttackUS politicians and major utilities have kicked the can down the road when it comes to EMP preparation. Edison Electric estimates that shielding transformers for the US grid system could cost $20 billion.Granted, American power companies have been studying ways to protect our electronic grids against attack, but tangible results are slow in coming.The only current option after an EMP attack would be to replace damaged or destroyed transformers. However, says Scott Aaronson, managing director for Cyber and Infrastructure Security at Edison Electric, replacements for those transformers must be procured from foreign suppliers, which could take up to 18 months.Peter Vincent Pry, leader of the Task Force on National and Homeland Security, believes North Korea is closer to launching an EMP attack than many analysts believe. He wants Congress to work harder and cut the red tape to allow the innovation necessary to mitigate the threat.In Pry s opinion, an EMP attack would ultimately kill more Americans than a direct nuclear blast could. His book, The Long Sunday, describes several plausible EMP attack scenarios.Pry thinks that  the first nation to use nuclear weapons today even a rogue state like North Korea or Iran will immediately become the most feared and credible nuclear power in the world, a formidable force to be reckoned with, and perhaps the dominant actor in a new world order. Is there a sensible way to prepare for an EMP attack?Maybe not, but stocking some food, water, fuel, and batteries for emergencies is always a good idea as well as owning a stash of gold coins as hard assets.While  you can t eat gold,  as some preppers say, it is the only kind of money that has prevailed over the millennia. Kim, the North Korean technical university dean, stated that high-altitude explosions can be conducted in the stratosphere or in space where the blast wave is limited by the lack of air or the thinness of air. In explosions occurring at such altitudes, large amounts of electrons are released as a result of ionization reactions of high-energy instant gamma rays and other radioactive rays,  he said.  These electrons form a strong electromagnetic pulse (EMP) through interaction with the geomagnetic field. The detonation would create a strong electric field of 100,000 volts per meter when it approaches the ground and  that is how it destroys communications facilities and electricity grids,  the report said.The EMP report was published Monday, a day after the same state-run outlet reported on a visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to a nuclear weapons facility that also mentioned plans for using nuclear weapons in EMP attacks. Our hydrogen bomb whose power as a nuclear bomb can be adjusted at will from tens of kilotons to hundreds of kilotons according to the targets of strike is a multifunctional thermonuclear warhead which not only has enormous lethality and destructibility, but also can even carry out super-powerful EMP attack over an expansive area through detonation at high altitudes according to strategic goals,  the report said. ",0
18010,RINO SENATOR From “Red State” Tells Illegal Aliens: “You Have Done Nothing Wrong”…Joins Dems To Push DREAM ACT Legislation Only Hours After Trump Rescinds DACA [VIDEO],"Here are a few facts explaining who the DACA recipients really are.  The National UnDACAmented Research Project was compiled by Harvard University researcher Roberto G. Gonzales and published by the Center For Immigration Studies (CIS):In April 2016, the Washington Times reported that a massive anti-deportation infrastructure had emerged to try to protect illegal immigrants from President Trump s crackdown, with advocacy groups coaching potential deportees on how to massage encounters with police, and lawyers and judges working to shield them from charges that would make them priorities for deportation.A video released Monday by a coalition of advocates instructs illegal immigrants not to open the door to federal agents, what proof to demand if they are being arrested and what to say if accosted outside their homes.Meanwhile, attorneys are working to lower charges from some illegal immigrant criminals, hoping to blunt their crimes so they don t show up as high-priority deportation targets.The Washington Times reported on a recent case in California, where an immigrant from India was accused of abusing his wife. The Santa Clara prosecutor told The Daily Beast that he reduced a felony assault charge to a felony accessory after the fact charge in order to spare the man a sentence that would have made him a deportation risk.IJR- The same day that President Donald Trump  rescinded  the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, Sens. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) held a joint press conference in which they reintroduced legislation that would see Congress tackling many of the issues that DACA comprises. What Senator Graham and I want to deliver is the message today, is that we need to do our job right here in the United States Senate,  Durbin said.  We need to pass, in this month of September, a DREAM Act, a permanent law in this country, that says that these young people will have their chance to become part of America s future. The DREAM   Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors   Act has been circling Congress for more than a decade, having first been introduced by Durbin and Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) in 2001. The legislation has failed to pass each time it has been introduced.Durbin then took a moment to speak directly to the DREAMers, saying,  Do not give up hope. If you are one of those DREAMers,  Durbin continued,  one of those protected by DACA, you need to be part of America in its future. We made a promise to you that if you gave this information to our government about you and your family, it wouldn t be used against you. I don t want that to ever happen. Durbin then turned over the podium to Graham, who said right out of the gate, speaking to the DACA participants,  you have done nothing wrong. You ve demonstrated your ability to be beneficial to the country now and in the future,  Graham said.  The only thing that stands between you and certainty in your life is the Congress. That cannot be that reassuring. Congress is going to have to up its game,  Graham opined. ",0
18011,"WOW! CHICAGO REPORTEDLY FINDS At Least 14,000 More Votes Than Voters In 2016 Election","The head of the Chicago Republican Party is claiming the city reported thousands of more votes cast than voters in the 2016 election   sparking a battle with Chicago officials who call the allegations overblown.First reported by the Chicago City Wire, the Chicago GOP filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the Chicago Board of Elections in January for a list of voters who had cast ballots in November. According to the party, the board responded with a list of 1,101,178 individuals, though its website reflects 1,115,664 votes cast. There should never be more votes than voters every ballot cast should be recorded against a registered voter,  Chairman of the Chicago GOP Chris Cleveland told Fox News, explaining that after receiving the data, the party  immediately  contacted the board for  clarification.   This is either massive fraud or massive incompetence, but we have no way of telling the difference because they won t give us the data. The discrepancy totals more than 14,000, though Cleveland claims it could be as high as 16,000.Cleveland told Fox News he filed a number of FOIA requests the original in January, and  several follow ups  for updated numbers. They ignored them,  Cleveland said.  They have been stonewalling us for six months. Watch Bret Bair s Fox News report on the progress and roadblocks that are being put in place for President Trump s election integrity commission, that seeks to clean up voter fraud across the nation:Fox News",0
18012,BOMBSHELL REPORT: NSA OFFERED TO GIVE HILLARY’S EMAILS To FBI…James Comey Rejected Them,"There s a lot going on in the Hillary Clinton/Donald Trump/Russia investigation that all the highfalutin  newspapers that cover politics are still trying to ignore.Well, investors had better know this stuff before it bites them in the assets. So here goes.Numerous reports coming out of the Senate Judiciary Committee last week said that former FBI Director James Comey made the decision not to refer Clinton for prosecution long before he even interviewed key witnesses, including Hillary.Remember, the Republicans now control this committee. So bad news isn t going to be stifled anymore.Clinton, you probably remember,  lost  her private emails, which she d been storing on a personal computer server. Comey chastised her harshly in a televised speech but then said there was a unanimous decision not to recommend prosecution.Clinton s emails, which were stolen by the Russians, have never been found. But as I ve mentioned numerous times, the messages are still in the possession of the National Security Agency (NSA), which offered to give them to the FBI.Comey turned down that offer, according to a source who has been very reliable.I ve also mentioned that Comey fibbed when he said his agents unanimously agreed that prosecution was unnecessary. In fact, my source says that FBI agents were irate about the decision not to go after Clinton.   NYP ",0
18013,LEFTIST ACTRESS ALYSSA MILANO Gets BLASTED On Twitter For Calling President Trump’s “National Prayer Day” For TX Hurricane Victims: “National A**hole Day”,"Last week, President Trump announced that by Presidential proclamation, Sunday, September 3, would be known as a  National Day of Prayer  for the Texas victims of Hurricane Harvey. He asked all Americans to pray for the victims who, in many cases, lost everything. It was a beautiful gesture that was met with positivity by many Americans of faith.Here is President Trump s tweet asking people to pray for the victims, reminding them:  Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017Of course, even asking Americans to pray for their fellow Americans who are suffering was more than at least one Hollywood liberal could bear. Has been actress turned leftist activist, Alyssa Milano, whose short stint at fame took place much earlier in her career when she had starring roles in  Who s the Boss?, Melrose Place and Charmed  took to Twitter to rename President Trump s National Day of Prayer by telling her followers: Remember, Sunday is National Asshole Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!Remember, Sunday is National Asshole Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! https://t.co/1DlYAJiEAa  Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) September 4, 2017Milano was immediately rebuffed on Twitter by people who were disgusted by her tweet:What's wrong with prayer? No matter who suggested it!   TabzKatz (@KatzTabz) September 4, 2017National Day of Prayer was about praying for ppl hurting from hurricane Harvey. Shame on you for making it about your hatred for Trump!  WellBlessYourHeart  (@kc2775) September 5, 2017This Twitter user told Milano that her tweet was the  ugliest tweet ever posted on Twitter.  She went on to tell Milano that,  You have lost yourself & your moral compass due to your hateful heart. This is the ugliest tweet ever posted on Twitter. Just absolutely foul. You have lost yourself & moral compass due to your hateful heart.  CovfefeNanceBased (@NancyLCouch1) September 5, 2017There is no more room in the world for hate or HYPOCRICY Love is love And prayers & religion isn't a bad thing Its people who manipulate it  TeamZayn (@ZLNLH0009) September 5, 2017This Twitter user used an image to let Milano know what they think of opinions by celebrities.  pic.twitter.com/jgdtGLQpRw  Deplorable KVT (@sgtkvt) September 5, 2017This Twitter user reminded the broke actress that maybe she should stop worrying about President Trump and pay her taxes:Way to keep killing your career. You think you are broke now ..https://t.co/l68c3q30CX  Long little doggie (@54Doggie) September 5, 2017 ",0
18014,BIG MISTAKE? MASKED ANTIFA COWARDS Target KID ROCK’S DETROIT Concert Opening Of Little Caesars Arena Tonight,"Detroit s own Kid Rock will open the all-new Little Caesars Arena on Tuesday, Sept. 12, but a group is planning a rally outside of the arena ahead of his concert.The rally will take place from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. outside of the arena. The concert is scheduled to start at 7:30 p.m.According to the Facebook event, the group plans to  rally against symbols of white supremacy and hate in our amazing city of Detroit. Kid Rock has previously used the Confederate Flag at his concerts, and in 2015, the National Action Network asked General Motors to stop sponsoring his tour over the use of the flag.At the time, General Motors found Kid Rock has not flown the Confederate Flag since around 2011.  WXYZStephen Henderson, the race-obsessed Editorial Page Editor of the Detroit Free Press had this to say about Kid Rock and the Illitches, who never gave up on the city of Detroit, and continued to throw tens of millions of dollars at new ventures, even when many of us in the suburbs believed they were wasting their money on a city that could never be resecutated:This is a musician who got rich off crass cultural appropriation of black music, who used to wrap his brand in the Confederate flag   a symbol inextricably linked to racism, no matter what its defenders say   and who has repeatedly issued profane denouncements of the very idea of African Americans pushing back against American inequality. Just last week, he trashed Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who s jobless right now because he dared challenge the nation s racism with a silent, kneeling protest during the pre-football game singing of the national anthem.Having Kid Rock open this arena is erecting a sturdy middle finger to Detroiters   nothing less. And the Ilitches, who ve done so much for this city and also taken so much from it, should be the last to embrace that kind of signaling.Sadly, it s people like Stephen Henderson who are so steeped in hate for anyone who doesn t buy into his embarrassing attempts to shame the white man, that will help to keep the hateful and divisive course Barack Obama set for our nation alive and well ",0
18015,BREAKING NEWS: DACA IS DONE! WATCH AG Jeff Sessions Explain Why Obama’s Unconstitutional Act Has Harmed Americans,"President Trump keeps another promise. The winning streak for Americans continues The Department of Homeland Security will stop processing any new applications for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) program. I am here today to announce that the program known as DACA that was effectuated under the Obama administration is being rescinded,  Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Tuesday at a Justice Department news conference.Sessions was critical of the Obama program implemented through executive order in 2012 to give work authorization and government benefits, like Social Security to nearly a million illegal aliens.  MRCTV Watch: The brilliant Jessica Vaughan, from the Center for Immigration Studies, shared these important facts about DACA recipients in America, compiled by Harvard University researcher Roberto G. Gonzales, called the National UnDACAmented Research Project. There are important (self-acknowledged) caveats to the findings: The research is based on an online survey of just over 2,000 self-described DACA-eligible respondents and about 200 follow-up interviews. Gonzales believes that for a variety of reasons, the respondents are more educated and well-off than the DACA population as a whole.Nevertheless, the findings are interesting. Here is a sample:73 percent of DACA recipients he surveyed live in a low-income household (defined as qualifying for free lunch in high school); 22 percent have earned a degree from a four-year college or university; 21 percent have dropped out of high school; 20 percent have no education beyond high school and no plans to attend college; 59 percent obtained a new job with a DACA work permit, but only 45 percent increased their overall earnings; 36 percent have a parent who holds a bachelor s degree; and 51 percent were already employed before DACA. None of this is to suggest that these individuals should not be considered for an amnesty or legalization program, but to suggest that the arguments in favor of such a program are largely political rather than economic. Immigrants who are not highly educated and who are working in low-paying jobs are more likely to access welfare and other public assistance programs over the course of their lives. ",0
18016,FLORIDA: PARENTS of WIFE BEATING Husband Fly From India To Help Him Beat His “Disobedient” Wife…All 3 MIGHT Be Deported,"Wow! What a nice family A man s parents flew out to Florida from their native India to help their son beat his wife for being disobedient, police say.Devbir Kalsi, 33, and his parents Jasbir, 67, and Bhupinder Kalsi, 61, were arrested after his wife Silky Gaind, 33, was found badly beaten and being held against her will at their Riverview home. Cops were called after Gaind called her own parents, back in India, to tell them she was being beaten by her husband and his family.When deputies arrived, they found the door blocked by Kalsi and heard the victim screaming inside  for the deputy to save her and her child,  the Hillsborough County Sheriff s Office said. The deputy burst in and arrested Kalsi before arresting his parents.Police report that Kalsi would regularly beat his wife and had called Jasbir and Bhupinder Kalsi asking them to fly over to help  counsel and discipline  Gaind for being  disobedient .The beatings continued, while Gaind was locked in her room and had her cell phone taken from her.It escalated on Friday, when Devbir Kalsi and his wife got into an argument.The arrest report states that Kalsi struck her  repeatedly and forcefully , and when Gaind attempted to defend herself, his parents began hitting her too, leaving bruises on her face, neck and torso.Gaind s young daughter, who was in her arms during the attack, was also struck in the face.Kalsi then allegedly held a kitchen knife to her throat and threatened to stab her.Devbir and Jasbir Kalsi may face  charges of false imprisonment, child abuse and denying access to 911,  according to the Tampa Bay Times.All three could also be deported back to India. They are currently being held without bail at Hillsborough County Jail.   Daily Mail ",0
18017,OBAMA THREATENS TO SURFACE FROM LEFTIST BUNKER To Speak Out Against Trump’s Plan To End DACA,"Contrary to what the media would like us to believe, Obama has not remained silent when it comes to policy that President Trump put in place by executive order. Neither he nor his Democratic henchmen remained silent when President Trump desperately tried to convince Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare, or when he had the opportunity to attack him over his handling of the Charlottesville controversy. The media celebrated Obama s post-Charlotseville tweet designed to make our former President look like he was in favor of uniting the nation (which we all know is a bald-faced lie), while falsely giving the impression that President Trump was choosing sides.Before the media gets into a full-blown tizzy about Obama using social media to bash our current president over DACA, they might consider that most of America aren t stupid enough to believe that Valerie Jarrett didn t move into Barack Obama s DC home because he needed a friend to play checkers with. He may not be making public statements to voice his opposition against our current president, but one thing we do know is that he and Valerie Jarrett aren t sitting on their hands, while President Trump unwinds everything they worked so hard to make happen, including DACA.Hotair   You know it s killing this guy not to be on camera every day scolding Trump in his usual  that s not who we are  terms but that would be a strategic disaster so obvious that silence is really the only option. A  Trump vs. Obama  fight over almost any issue would unify most of the right behind the president and O knows it; the most brutal thing he can do to Trump is to deny him that our-guy-versus-their-guy dynamic. I don t think it s crazy to believe that Trump s job approval would be five to 10 points higher if Obama had spent the last seven months sniping at him regularly. By withholding his criticism, he s made it possible for  soft  Republicans and right-leaning independents to criticize POTUS without fear of being accused that they re carrying O s water.Two days before President Trump s inauguration, Obama warned him that he would come out against him if Trump rescinded his unconstitutional DACA.Why attack Trump now? I think there s more to it than DACA just being near and dear to Obama s heart. He knows that congressional Republicans are going to be jammed up here to an unusual degree. Immigration is a fraught issue for the GOP under the best of circumstances but DREAMers are an especially hard case due to their having come here as children. They re the one class of illegals about whom even Trump speaks warmly. In fact, the president s going to end DACA not because he wants to but because Republican AGs are squeezing him to do so, replete with the threat of a court battle; even then, Trump is still so reluctant to pull the plug that he s willing to hold off for another six months. The entire GOP (apart from Steve King) will spend those six months telling every voter who listens that they re open to legalizing DREAMers. All they ask in return is some face-saving security measures so that they can semi-plausibly argue to their base that they didn t roll over completely on amnesty.Having Obama wade in publicly on the side of DREAMers will complicate all of that. With O banging the drum for amnesty, Republican voters who are lukewarm on the idea in the first place will start to turn frosty. Populists will have a field day attacking Ryan and McConnell (and Trump?) for essentially doing Obama s bidding by negotiating for a DREAM bill. Some congressional Republicans might start to get cold feet. The more hostile Trump and the congressional GOP become towards a DREAM deal as part of a backlash towards Obama, the more ammo Schumer will have to say that Republicans are being cruel to poor illegal children whose only mistake was trusting the federal government. The whole GOP  we like DREAMers too!  messaging effort will be scrambled. Either negotiations will end up collapsing in Congress, with Dems using the DREAM failure against Republicans next fall, or Trump, Ryan, and McConnell will have to swallow hard and approve an amnesty cheered on by Barack farking Obama, which is about the RINO-iest move a modern Republican is capable of making. Either the GOP base ends up angry at the White House or everyone else does. Obama  speaking out  is tinder for the match Trump is about to strike.Let s hope President Trump will be able to locate and tweet this pesky little video of candidate Obama telling his constituents how he disagrees with law breaking illegal aliens living and working in America:",0
18018,“White people are born into not being human” – BLM Activist Lectures A Room Full Of White Women [Video],"Ashleigh Shackelford is what passes for a serious Democrat these days. She s a Black Lives Matter activist who has some serious issues with hate. This is not a joke but a serious effort to try to tell white women hateful lies about their own race IN THE NAME OF DIVERSITY. The women just sit there! Unreal!ANTHONY BRIAN LOGAN (VIDEO BELOW) GIVES HIS TAKE ON THIS  DIVERSITY TRAINING :Ashleigh Shackelford, a black female  activist , gave a short lecture in front of a crowd of mostly working-aged white people that covered one issue: all white people are racist. It was difficult to tell where this talk was being held. At a school, a place of business, or a lecture hall where people paid to come see her. Either way, it was a strange sight to see a room full of people be spoken about in such a negative way without reacting in a defensive way  or reacting at all. It was also strange to see the audience members dressed in a business casual way sitting before Ashleigh who was dressed like she just got out of bed in clothing that fit way too small for her very large frame.Talks like the one given in the video are unfortunately becoming very common. Some of these so-called activists get paid to speak at corporate meetings as some sort of diversity checklist. Even white men like Tim Wise get paid lots of money to berate white people at places like Google. Much of this culture comes from the belly of the beast of liberalism which is the San Francisco bay area. Much of the tech world is run here but it is also a hotbed for radical liberalism. So when the two of those worlds mix, what you end up with is individuals like Ashleigh Shackelford allowed to run amok. Her issue may be one of envy and ensuing resentment of white people, but the force which allows her to vent her frustrations in an open way can be found in socially and politically liberal hotbeds across the country   especially California.Here is info from Shackelford s website: Ashleigh Shackelford is a queer, non binary Black fat femme writer, cultural producer, and artist. She is a contributing writer at Wear Your Voice Magazine and For Harriet. In her commitment to creating and imagining new worlds, Ashleigh created an organization for body positivity   Free Figure Revolution, and a coalition for afrofuturism entitled Black Futurism. When she s not writing Facebook statuses as novels, Ashleigh is working on producing cultural storytelling of and by Black fat femmes.",0
18019,WATCH: TEACHER CAUGHT ON VIDEO Calling Trump T-shirts “Swastika”…DEMANDS Students Turn Them Inside Out,"This unhinged high school teacher was caught telling students to turn their Trump t-shirts inside out, because the  Make America Great Again  slogan is the same thing as a swastika. Come again?Watch:Teacher makes students flip MAGA shirts inside out because it's similar to a swastika & represents nazis!  pic.twitter.com/hu0WRvwZ4D  USA Association (@USAAssociation) September 4, 2017Example after example of intolerant radical educators threatning students who refuse to tow the liberal line have emerged over the past decade. One of our favorite examples took place less than 2 years ago when multiple professors at Washington State University explicitly told students their grades would suffer if they used terms such as  illegal alien,   male,  and  female,  or if they failed to  defer  to non-white students.A Fresno State professor was actually caught on video bullying a student at the college where he teaches because she chalked a pro-life message on the sidewalk (after she received permission from the school to write the pro-life message on the sidewalk).Watch this male professor bully this young female student: ",0
18020,"Trump ‘Diversity Council’ Member Threatens to Quit If Trump Ends DACA…Bye, Bye! [Video]","A member of President Trump s  Diversity Council  is threatening to quit because he opposes Trump s cancelation of DACA. Bye Bye!Trump diversity council member tells @Acosta he may quit the council if Trump moves ahead to end DACA https://t.co/CCn90EgSdn  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) September 4, 2017 I want to remind him and his team that from an economic standpoint, and again, we re business people if you look at this from a purely economic standpoint again, none of these young people gets government benefits of any sorts so they re not costing us anything. They pay over $2 billion in taxes Is anyone else out there sick of the American people being told illegals cost nothing?DACA Will Cost Americans And Their Government A Huge Amount of Money.On average, people with college degrees pay more in taxes than they receive in government benefits. People without a degree consume more taxes than they pay to federal, state and local tax officials.In 2013, a Heritage Foundation study showed that amnesty for 11 million illegals would spike federal spending by $6,300 billion over the next five decades. That is roughly equivalent to $550,000 per illegal, or $10,000 per illegal per year, much of which will be spent when the immigrant becomes eligible for Social Security and Medicare. That cost estimate does not include the extra costs created when immigrants use their new legal powers as a citizen to bring in more low-skilled migrants.If those 3 million DACA people and their parents soon become legal residents or citizens, then Obama s DACA will cost Americans roughly $1,700 billion over the next 50 years, according to Heritage Foundation s numbers.Moreover, the DACA migrants add to the flood of illegal labor that has driven down wages for ordinary Americans, including urban youths and recent immigrants. Currently, Americans lose roughly $500 billion a year from their salaries because of the immigration tax caused by cheap labor according to the academies  report.Via: GP",0
18021,THE FUTURE BELONGS To AI And Whoever Masters It First Will Rule The World,"While all eyes are on North Korea and Melania s stilettos RT  Competition for superiority in Artificial Intelligence at national level will  most likely  cause World War Three, billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk has said, warning that an AI may deem first use its best chance of winning. China, Russia, soon all countries with strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3,  Musk tweeted.China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.  Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 4, 2017It will likely not even be the countries  leaders that start the war, Musk elaborated, but  one of the AI s, if it [AI] decides that a pre-emptive strike is most probable path to victory. May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory  Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 4, 2017The SpaceX founder says he doubts that North Korea can launch its own nuclear strike. He believes that Pyongyang  launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as South Korea, [the U.S.] and China would invade and end the regime immediately. NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately  Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 4, 2017 ",0
18022,VIOLENT ANTIFA THUGS WEAR MASKS To Hide Their Identities…Let’s Make Sure Every American Sees Their Mug Shots,"Antifa is a violent, anti-fascist protest group with deep roots in the political left. The disparate, loosely organized factions of the group are peppered throughout the country and show up at events that they deem  fascist  in order to disrupt and often engage in criminal behavior.A detailed list of what antifa stands for is hard to pin down, but it is certainly anti-Trump, and the group s tactics typically involve the destruction of property and violence towards innocent civilians.That violence has resulted in a number of antifa arrests over the past few months. Last weekend, marauding mobs of antifa thugs descended upon UC Berkeley s campus in California in protest of a prayer event. The antifa members systematically hunted down and beat innocent civilians in the street, assaulting journalists, veterans and police officers along the way.  IJRLast week, this careless Antifa thug was caught assaulting an innocent reporter:The now identified Emily Gillespie, had one request at the time of her arrest,  Don t take my picture! . Let s work to make America safe again, and make sure everyone sees her picture.When arrested, Emily Gillespie screamed, ""DON'T TAKE MY PICTURE!"" Let's make her famous  #Berkeley #AntifaTerrorist pic.twitter.com/kV1H7TyTj0  Red Nation Rising (@RedNationRising) August 29, 2017Here is Berkeley student, Emily Gillespie s mug shot:Just for fun, here are a few more mug shots of violent Antifa thugs: ",0
18023,NOT KIDDING: Lawmakers To Decide If Women Can Go Topless In Berkeley To Eliminate “Transgender Confusion”,"A Berkeley law that makes public displays of the female breast illegal could be abolished this month if a city councilman gets his way.On September 12, the city council will vote on the insane ordinance.The nudity ordinance as it stands makes it a misdemeanor or infraction for a woman to expose  any portion of the breast at or below the areola    similar to municipal codes across the country. Under the new proposal, anyone could go topless in the city without regard to gender.Kriss Worthington, the progressive councilman who has represented a student-heavy district near UC Berkeley for two decades, said the indecent exposure law is antiquated and sexist.He said it objectifies women and creates confusion for transgender individuals as well.  SF GateBegging the question, why not just allow full-nudity to eliminate any confusion about who is and who isn t a transgender? ",0
18024,LIBERAL HOLLYWOOD SUFFERS Worst Summer For Movies In 25 Years,"With the list of Hollywood actors and entertainers that Americans have decided to boycott over their sickening public hate for our President, is it really any wonder we re seeing the worst box office numbers in 25 years? Meryl Streep used her allotted time for accepting her lifetime achievement award at the Golden Globes to trash President Trump. At the start of her dramatic speech, Streep bemoaned to her fellow liberals that Hollywood  belong to one of the most vilified segments in America right now .  It appears that she hit may have actually the nail on the head. The problem with arrogant actresses like Meryl Streep who falsely believe that because they ve been gifted with exceptional acting abilities, that Americans should fall in line with their radical political beliefs or we are ignorant.""As my friend Princess Leia said to me once: take your broken heart, make it into art."" #MerylStreep pic.twitter.com/GzOHo7O729 #GoldenGlobes  Richard Hine (@richardhine) January 9, 2017And then there s Robert DiNero, who called candidate Trump  a punk,   a pig  and  an idiot.  Only days before the election, DiNero angrily admitted that he would like to assault our soon to be President, claiming,  I d like to punch him in the face .The list of Hollywood losers who have made vile, unfounded and even threatening remarks against a man who has put his very successful life on hold in an effort to save our nation is vast. The list of Hollywood losers who have said they would like to harm our President is also rather significant, starting with Madonna who got a visit from the secret service after she told a large, adoring group of women at the Women s March in DC, that she d like to blow up the White House.And then there s  comedian  Kathy Griffin, who saw her career literally blow up after making an ISIS style video holding up a decapitated and bloodied head of President Trump. Is Hollywood s rapidly declining appeal really so surprising to most Americans who are 100% FED UP with their hate for middle-America?As Hollywood wraps up the all-important summer box-office season this Labor Day weekend, a sobering reality has gripped the industry.The number of tickets sold in the United States and Canada this summer is projected to fall to the lowest level in a quarter-century.The results have put the squeeze on the nation s top theater chains, whose stocks have taken a drubbing. AMC Theatres Chief Executive Adam Aron this month called his company s most recent quarter  simply a bust. Such blunt language reflects some worrisome trends. Domestic box-office revenue is expected to total $3.78 billion for the first weekend of May through Labor Day   a key period that generates about 40% of domestic ticket sales   down nearly 16% from the same period last year, according to comScore. That s an even worse decline than the 10% drop some studio executives predicted before the summer began.  LA TimesBreitbart   Even before this catastrophic Labor Day weekend is factored in (more on this below), the domestic 2017 box office is in hideous shape. This year is  6.3% behind 2016 and continues to fall behind 2015, 2013, and 2012.If you figure in inflation, those numbers are even worse. For example, in 2012 the average ticket cost $7.96. Today it is almost a full dollar more at $8.89. Yeah, things are that bad and will look even worse on Tuesday.With no apparent faith in their own product, this is the first Labor Day in 25 years where a new title has not been released on more than 1,000 screens. Over this weekend last year, the box office hauled in nearly $130 million. This year will do about a third of that.Summer attendance is at a 25-year low.The summer box office is down a whopping  16% compared to 2016.Can a handful of titles   It, Kingsman 2, Bladerunner 2, Thor 3, Justice League, Star Wars 8   save an entire year? Doubtful. Pull out of a dive? Maybe. Still, we are talking about only six big titles over four months, which is about on par with last year s Passengers, Rogue One, Doctor Strange, Fantastic Beasts, Inferno, Sully, and Magnificent Seven.",0
18025,Anti-Gun Hypocrites Bash David Beckham’s Son for Posing with a Gun in Photo Shoot,"David Beckham s son posed with a gun in a modeling photo shoot. No big deal, right? Well, not so much to the big hypocrites on the left. He s being hammered on social media for holding a prop gun we kid you not! Does anyone out there recall the gazillion times guns have been used in photo shoots as props see below)? Lordy, these anti-gun whack jobs are losing it over THIS?!The 18-year-old son of Victoria and David Beckham was slammed on social media for posing in pictures with a gun for a shoot with Damon Baker.BROOKLYN BECKHAM HOLDING A GUN IN A PHOTO SHOOTIT S A PROP!Pop Culture reported:One Instagram user wrote,  Look up Gun Violence Survivors Foundation. You should go and talk to a few of them. Maybe posing with a gun would not seem so cool. While another said,  Not sure what you were thinking Brooklyn, but I suggest you make better decisions in the future. Do not promote guns as art. Despite many negative comments, the photo shoot mesmerized some of his fans.  If only there were that many of @brooklynbeckham in real life, you would make every young girl so happy #clonemachine. Although the Parsons School of Design student did delete one image that featured the weapon, he still kept the collage of smaller images that show him holding and pointing a gun.THE PHOTOGRAPHER HAD TO COME OUT AND EXPLAIN HIMSELF OY VEY!Just one of so many pictures of artists holding guns as props:JayZ can do it but Brooklyn Beckham can t? ",0
18026,Parents Outraged Over NC Teacher Forcing White and Christian Students to Stand Up in Class and Apologize for their ‘Privilege’,"Public uproar was at an all-time high at a North Carolina school board meeting (SEE VIDEO BELOW) over far-left  equity training  (SEE MORE BELOW ON EQUITY TRAINING) for government-school teachers. Allegations were made by furious parents that a teacher forced white and Christian students to stand up in class and apologize for their  privilege. IS THIS HAPPENING IN YOUR CHILD S SCHOOL?  EQUITY TRAINING  IS A NEW THING (SEE BELOW). THIS HAPPENED IN MAY AND THE TEACHER WAS FINALLY FIRED. WITH SCHOOL STARTING THIS FALL, PLEASE BE AWARE OF WHAT S GOING ON IN YOUR CHILD S CLASSROOM:A black English teacher, identified as Tarsha Clarke, made white students in her class stand up and apologize to non-white students for their  white privilege.  At a Rockingham School District meeting, a couple of parents stood up and voiced their outrage over the incident and also the fact that the school s administration was trying to sweep it all under the rug.WHY S THE MONEY GOING TO THIS WHEN THE DISTRICT IS BROKE?ON A SIDE NOTE: Rockingham County Schools is paying OpenSource Strategic Consulting a flat fee of $45,000 and will reimburse up to $1,500 for travel expenses over the course of the training. Rockingham County commissioners recently cut the county s education allotment by $269,000. The district faces around a $5.7 million shortfall, the report said.TWO OUTRAGED PARENTS SPOKE: The second parent is nowhere near as calm as the first parent in the clip  below. The first outraged parent who spoke was Farren Wilkinson:TRANSCRIPT OF FARREN WILKINSON S COMMENTS: Hello, my name is Farren Wilkinson   I just want to shed light on a situation that happened at Western Rockingham Middle School. Where a teacher caused some of her students to stand up and apologize to other students base on their inequal opportunities of education. So I would like to know how our schools can allow an educator to humiliate bully and degrade children. This is not a matter of race but a matter of a teacher using fear and the embarrassment of children to satisfy her own personal anger or beliefs. These children are not responsible nor accountable for any inequalities that are believed to be present,  Wilkinson said. The actions of this educator does not provide safe, nurtureing, dynamic and integrative learning. If she is not held to the standards set by Rockingham County schools, how can we expect other children to learn and grow to be productive citizens in society,  Wilkinson continued,  If nothing happens, if she s not repremanded, for these actions, and when the parents call to ask what has been done. They are being assured that this was taken care of. But how was it taken care of? What did happen? What was her training? What was her consequences for this action? Because again, these children are not responsible for any inequalities that may exist in the school system nor should they be publicly humiliated among their peers for her own satisfaction.After Wilkinson s testimony, another parent, Robert Jeremy, who said he had a 9-year-old son, expressed outrage to the school board because of the racism, bigotry, and hate expressed by the teacher against the young child based on his  race,  Christian views, and heterosexuality.TRANSCRIPT OF ROBERT JEREMY S COMMENTS: Hello, my name is Robert Jeremy,  he said.  Common sense, when did it become a good idea to attack a child at a school because they were white, or they were black, or they were straight, or they were Christian? Or because they believed in something moral that they were taught at home? You see I teach my child and my two older daughters family values, Christian values. I teach not to judge somebody by the color of their skin but by the color of their heart. And my child will not be insulted, reprimanded, corrected because he has a good moral fiber. MS CLARKE WAS FIRED FOR THIS DISGUSTING BEHAVIOR. ARE YOUR KIDS EXPERIENCING THIS?WHAT IS EQUITY TRAINING? Equity Training  is a new training and has been pushed on the teachers as a mandatory training done on their own time!Here s more from Greenboro.com The reason I know about the equity training is a group of teachers came to us because they felt like they needed help,  said Rockingham County GOP Chair Diane Parnell.  This equity training that was mandated upon them that they got no credit hours for and they must sit through this on their own time was something against their Christian principles, and if you take a look at it as I did, those equity training videos, it did seem to be against their principles. Speakers took issue with the training video s stance on topics like white privilege and transgender issues.THERE IS A RACIAL EQUALITY INSTITUTE!",0
18027,LOL! Comedian Joe Piscopo Warns Statue Haters: Leave Christopher Columbus Alone! [Video],"Comedian blasts NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio for considering removing a famed statue of Christopher Columbus and rails against political correctness gone wildWe love Joe Piscopo! Our last funny video from him:Joe Piscopo is hysterical! He was on with Neil Cavuto and broke out with imitations of Waters, Sanders and Schiff:  And then you got Maxine Waters, Maxine Waters. What is with Maxine Waters. And every day with Maxine Waters it s,  I am sooo angry! Angry! Donald Trump scares me!  Maxine, please, just relax!Thank you Joe Piscopo for saying what everyone else is thinking!Maxine Waters has a track record of being unhinged! Here are a few of the most recent  Mad Max  episodes:Maxine Waters has a major brain freeze during an interview ripping on the Trump administration Karma?  Recognize that evidence is pouring in and it s growing or what is matt  what what is wrong with them, I just don t quite understand, If Maxine Waters is the best the Dems have in their arsenal then this is good news for Republicans. The California Democrat has been bashing President Trump at every turn with no real reason. She s even called for his impeachment.Is this all she s got?She never speaks about what she s doing for the district in California that she doesn t even live in. She refuses to hear any opposing views during town halls. She has opposing voices removed so the adoring masses can rant and rave about Trump. It s truly a Banana Republic in Maxine s world. We ve reported in the past about her bizarre behavior but the best question was asked by Tucker Carlson:Maxine Waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her, that she s decided to appoint herself as the Democrat s chief attack dog for President Trump and his administration. Unfortunately for Maxine, making a public spectacle of herself also comes with a price. Speaking of a price how about the price tag on career politician Maxine Waters $4.3 million mansion?Tucker Carlson reacted to Rep. Maxine Waters  (D-Calif.) threat to  take [HUD Secretary Dr. Ben Carson s] a** apart  by noting she might indeed be qualified to take his job.Carlson said Waters, a 40-year politician, lives in a 6,000 square-foot mansion worth $4.3 million that is not in her congressional district!",0
18028,MSNBC REPORTER SHOCKED After Leftists Call For His Firing For Pointing Out Trump’s Genuine Compassion For TX Flood Victims: “Grandpa who the public never sees”,"Here s an excerpt from the Advocate, a Louisiana paper on Barack Obama s disappearing act following the Louisiana floods:Sometimes, presidential visits can get in the way of emergency response, doing more harm than good. But we don t see that as a factor now that flood waters are subsiding, even if at an agonizing pace. It s past time for the president to pay a personal visit, showing his solidarity with suffering Americans.And if the president can interrupt his vacation for a swanky fundraiser for fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton, as he did on Monday, then surely he can make time to show up for a catastrophe that s displaced thousands.Obama playing golf at Martha's Vineyard with Larry David today  Manu Raju (@mkraju) August 18, 2016These pictures of @realDonaldTrump with children at a Houston shelter are fascinating. This is Trump the Grandpa, who public never sees.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 2, 2017It wasn t long before members of his own team turned on him. Some of them even called for him to be fired. Haake had to know that whenever a reporter dares to say something positive about our President, they will pay a heavy price with either their peers and/or their readers.Here are some of the vile responses Haake got in response to his tweet:Of course, you can t be a real leftist unless you find a way to compare President Donald Trump to Hitler:You know who *else* was great with grand-kids? pic.twitter.com/zA2VC0Cw2x  James Doyle (@priusjames) September 2, 2017To which we responded:When you only have 201 followers, but suddenly become popular with leftists for posting pictures of Hitler.   100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) September 3, 2017Who exactly, do these leftists think are telling or  forcing  Donald Trump to  act  a certain way? So predictable. He's being forced to act human, and the media eats it up. SAD!  cathy vogt (@pgdayton) September 2, 2017Sorry to be cynical but this is Trump doing what he *had* to do bc the joke of his first visit. Trump is doing what he's being told to do.  Jackie Tallarido (@JackieTallarido) September 2, 2017Haake responded to his critics, by trying to explain why he dared to compliment our President :Literally everything any president does in any disaster area is a photo op. I was only noting how different this one was vs. daily Trump.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 3, 2017God forbid the media  normalize  President Trump . If we didn t know better, we d almost believe there was a serious effort to de-normalize President Trump by the Left.Puh-please. Stop this normalizing.  Peter Chan (@peterchanNYC) September 2, 2017This follower is convinced, President trump and the thousands of people who showed up to see him are only people who are part of his base.  Maybe they haven t seen the results of the election, but Houston voters went for Hillary over President Trump. Sorry LOLS@Trumpsters, but those are likely Hillary voters who are happy to see a president who cares enough about them to make 2 trips to Texas since the floods turned their lives upside down.The only people he fools with this photo op are his base. The rest of us know he's doesn't like people or children.  LOLS@Trumpsters   (@SusanSaysHi) September 2, 2017Ani Sangye s response was classic liberal,  Trump would sexually assault those girls when they grow up.  She must ve been living in another country when Bill Clinton was impeached for lying to a grand jury about having sex in the Oval Office with a 19-yr old intern: Trump would sexually assault those girls when they grow up.  Ani Sangye (@SangyeH) September 2, 2017LOL! And then there s the leftist who threatens to  unfollow  anyone who doesn t tow the liberal line:Unfollowing you for the stupidity of this retweet. There's no evidence he was a good father or husband AND he's ONLY there for rescue PR  LarsManwaring (@LManwaring) September 2, 2017What kind of attack on someone with whom a liberal disagrees, would be complete without mentioning FOX News? Ouch!we re all perfectly aware of Trump the Grandpa: Senile & watches way too much Fox News.  Jason Braatz (@jasonbraatz) September 2, 2017It appears that through it all, Haake maintained a good sense of humor, as he ended his commentary with this tweet:This tweet has elicited responses comparing Trump to Hitler, Stalin and Satan, and several calling for me to be fired. Thanks everyone.  Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 2, 2017",0
18029,LOL! SHAKEDOWN ARTIST JESSE JACKSON TELLS CROWD: “President Trump Would Not Qualify To Get Into Jesus’ Kingdom” [VIDEO],"Here s a 1999 video of Jesse Jackson praising Donald Trump for his contribution to the black community, awarding him with a lifetime achievement award for African Americans:What a difference a few years (and an [R] behind your name can make:WFB   While speaking to a crowd at the  Ministers March for Justice  Rev. Jesse Jackson suggested that President Trump should be worried about gaining citizenship in heaven. Trump says you must be able to speak the language of English, [be] qualified, and have a job skill,  Jackson said Monday.  Jesus would not qualify to come in Trump s country he would not qualify to get into Jesus  kingdom. It s difficult to understand Jackson in the video below, as he mumbles through much of his commentary. (For translation, see quotes above):The  Ministers March for Justice,  was spearheaded by Rev. Al Sharpton and featured ministers from various traditions united in opposing the Trump administration. The event took place on the 54th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. s March on Washington, and Jackson did not shy away from using religious language to judge the president.After judging Trump s ability to enter heaven, he quoted part of a passage from the Gospel of Matthew, in which Jesus says what he will tell his followers at the Final Judgment.Is the notorious shake down artist Jesse Jackson really one to be deciding who will and who will not be given admittance to heaven? In 2006, government watchdog Judicial Watch released a report that revealed new details about the intimidation and shakedown tactics of Jesse Jackson s Rainbow Push Coalition.WND   The report,  Jesse Jackson Exposed,  claims Jackson is  an extortionist who uses his influence as a civil rights leader to essentially blackmail wealthy corporations with absurd discrimination threats. Included, the group says, are  incriminating admissions from Jackson made under oath at trial. Among the tactics highlighted in the report are:Jackson lobbied the Federal Communications Commission to block companies seeking government approval to merge until they donate money to Rainbow Push.Jackson publicly chastised Toyota for running an ad Jackson deemed  racist.  After Toyota pulled the ad, Jackson threatened a boycott the automaker to force it to launch a $7.8 million  diversity program. Jackson installed one of his friends, J.L. Armstrong, in a management position at Toyota to determine which organizations would receive $700 million in contracts awarded by Toyota.Minority businesses pay Jackson s  Trade Bureau  a fee to help extort lucrative contracts from corporations. During the trial, Jackson compared the Trade Bureau to  Noah s Ark,  claiming minority businesses and organizations had to be inside the  ark  to survive. Judicial Watch brought the lawsuit against Jackson, his son Jonathan Jackson and Rainbow Push Coalition on behalf of Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson, a black minister and founder of the Los Angeles-based Brotherhood Organization for a New Destiny.Peterson wrote a book titled,  Scam,  that takes Jackson to task as one of America s  self-appointed  black leaders. I don t recall the entire black race in this country taking a national vote to elect Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, Louis Farrakhan, the NAACP, California Congresswoman Maxine Waters, the Congressional Black Caucus or liberal black preachers as our leaders,  Peterson writes,  yet they ve seized the mantle of leadership and claim to speak for all blacks in this nation. Another expose of Jackson, Kenneth Timmerman s book  Shakedown: Exposing the real Jesse Jackson,  goes back several decades, including his ordination as a reverend. I describe a two to three year process for earning that title,  Timmerman said.  Jesse Jackson got himself ordained two months after Martin Luther King was shot. It was essentially a  political ordination,  a  shotgun ordination.  He did not go through the long procedure. He was not licensed to preach, as far as I could determine. I went to the church where he was ordained. He did not go through this two-year process. He never submitted himself to the authority of the church. He has never had a church himself, and he has been accountable to no one.  Timmerman asserts Jackson  is not doing things to help the black community. Jesse Jackson is   to help himself first. ",0
18030,WATCH…TX SHERIFF WARNS LOOTERS: “Think Twice Before Looting…We Support The Second Amendment…You Could Leave This County in a BODY BAG”,"Looters in Texas are boldly walking into businesses affected by the flooding and literally stealing everything off the shelves. It s hard to fathom that the first thoughts of so many people who have lost everything are to steal as much as they can from others who have also lost everything. Last week, we published a story with a video about one lone, and very brave man who claimed to be a former S.W.A.T. Deputy, standing in the middle of a parking lot defending local store owners from would be looters. Apparently, he s not the only badass in Texas who s sick and tired of watching these thugs steal from local business owners.Meet Sheriff Troy Nehls of Fort Bend County who s putting looters in his county on notice. He s got a message for looters, and he s not mincing words We ve heard of looting around the greater Houston area, specifically Harris County. As far as Fort Bend County, we haven t. I made a comment the other day that we support the Second Amendment here in Fort Bend County, and there are many of us that are armed. I would caution those that want to come and prey on our people here in Fort Bend County that are suffering so much right now. You may want to stay out of Fort Bend County because you could leave this county in a bag. We support the 2nd Amendment  I would caution those that want to come & prey on our people here in Fort Bend County. Watch:Sheriff Troy Nehls: ""We support the 2nd Amendment  I would caution those that want to come & prey on our people here in Fort Bend County."" pic.twitter.com/akMJsat80V  Fox News (@FoxNews) September 2, 2017The video below shows the shocking disregard for the law, as local neighborhoods are being looted by thugs in the Houston area: ",0
18031,CLASSLESS 53-YR OLD MICHELLE OBAMA Goes Solo On Yacht In Spain: Flashes Photographers In High Slit Skirt…Seamlessly Goes From Straw Hat and Braless Look To “Gangsta”,"With all of the attention on Melania and the grace, elegance, and class she s brought back to the White House, you d almost think Michelle Obama was intentionally looking for attention, after seeing some of the get ups she s been photographed in since the Obama s vacated the White House in January. The former First Lady, 53, shielded herself from the sun with shades and a black hood to enjoy a hike around the island on Thursday.She was surrounded by members of her staff tagging along for the sweat session, with members of her security team flanking her.Michelle is in Mallorca to visit American diplomat James Costos and his partner, Michael Smith.Her husband, former President Barack Obama, does not appear to have accompanied her on the international trip.The day after her hike, Michelle boarded a yacht, wearing a white crop top and a stylish wrap skirt with a bird pattern.It appears as though Mooch has a little exhibitionist in her, as she flashes more than just a little leg for the camera:Michelle was seen aboard the yacht later in the evening on Friday, enjoying time with a group of friends.The braless First Lady was seen stopping at a local restaurant during her stay on the White House designer s yacht:At one point on Friday, she changed into different clothes, and was spotted wearing a black outfit and a hat while leaving a restaurant.Both she and her husband will have a Secret Service detail for the rest of their lives, Barack having restored lifetime protection for former presidents in 2013.Costos and Smith are longtime friends of the Obamas, and have previously hosted the family several times at their residence in Palm Springs, California.Barack and Michelle jetted off to the glamorous home during their first trip out of Washington, DC on the day of President Donald Trump s inauguration in January.Smith, a designer, previously redecorated the Oval Office and the Obamas  private quarters during their time at the White House. Daily Mail ",0
18032,CNN Host Spoke At Violent Antifa Rally Calling Trump Supporters ‘Nazis’: ‘You have to stand up up for the brown people…’ [Video],"CNN has more than enough representation from the radical side of the Democrat aisle This host is yet another who speaks in terms of race and divisiveness..@wkamaubell: ""Bye Nazis!"" @KQEDnews pic.twitter.com/MW2VJXzfrn  Bert Johnson (@bertjohnsonfoto) August 27, 2017 Americans have no use for this kind of hate speech We re hoping CNN realizes that Antifa supporters have no place with them. Do you think Bell needs to go? We do!WHAT ABOUT THE WHITE PEOPLE? CNN host W. Kamau Bell spoke at the  No Hate In The Bay  rally in Berkeley, California, over the weekend that featured Antifa violence.The rally was organized in opposition to a  Patriot Prayer  event led by founder Joey Gibson, who has vehemently denounced neo-Nazis and white supremacists. The black-clad antifa protesters chased the small number of  Patriot Prayer  attendees out of the park and threatened and attacked right-wingers and journalists.Bell, a comedian who hosts the CNN program  United Shades of America,  spoke at the rally and said,  when the Nazis leave, as they have left you have to stand up for the brown people, the black people, the LGBT people, the immigrants everybody everyday! Bell never denounced the Antifa violence in any of his tweets about the rally. We re guessing he s still with the violent group Via: DC",0
18033,DISGUSTING: CLEVELAND COPS JOIN Hate Group Who Inspired Multiple Murders Of Fellow Officers To Disrespect Our Flag,"Black Lives Matter, the group that many believe is a  hate group or domestic terror group  has inspired a wave of professional athletes to join in the disrespect our flag by taking a knee during our national anthem. Unbelievably, this cop-hating group has now found an unlikely ally in their fight against cops, Cleveland, OH law enforcement officers. How politically correct Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco quarterback, became the poster child for cop hate when he refused to stand for our national anthem prior to the start of the NFL games. Kaepernick used his display of disrespect for our flag to show his disrespect for our law enforcement. Kaepernick was not resigned by SF and did not receive another offer to play in the NFL. He is now the center of a huge controversy, as the NAACP has joined forces with BLM to demand that an NFL owner pick up the lackluster and controversial QB.The Cleveland Brown players have been known to display their over-the-top hate for law enforcement before. After Beyonce s racist halftime Super Bowl 2016 show, Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell posted this disgusting image on his Instagram account:Crowell apologized for posting the ISIS-like image of a police officer being decapitated, and all was forgiven Meanwhile, the Cleveland Browns have decided to turn up the disrespect for our flag a notch. Several players are now taking a knee while the rest of the fans and players stand to honor our flag and our nation.The veterans in Cleveland are tired of watching the nation and flag they fought for being disrespected by these clowns who have never sacrificed a moment of their lives for our country. They posted this sign in front of their building to show the disrespectful Cleveland Brown players how they feel about their behavior:And now, in the most disgusting act of pandering to political correctness, the Cleveland Police officers have decided they will join the cop-hating group to disrespect our flag:Cleveland officers and EMS back out of plan to hold American flag on Browns  field after 12 players refused to stand for anthem pic.twitter.com/HD5Jt9LDGT  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) September 1, 2017",0
18034,WATCH: JOEL OSTEEN FACES WRATH OF ANGRY CHRISTIANS After He Gives Reason For Locking Church Doors To Devastated Houston Flood Victims,"The popular evangelical preacher and inspirational speaker may have permanently damaged his brand with what many consider a very lame answer to the question about why his church locked out the neediest people in his community, who were devastated by the floods in Houston and surrounding areas, while he remained high and dry in his $10 million mansion Showing off a toothy grin and posing in front of stacks of donated food and diapers, televangelist Joel Osteen showed not a shred of remorse as he appeared on the Today show on Wednesday.Proudly, he declared that the doors of his 17,000 seat Texas megachurch had  always been open  to the people of Houston who have been rendered homeless by Hurricane Harvey and its devastating floods.It came after shocked Texans arrived at his Lakewood church on Sunday to find it free of flood water on the ground level despite a Facebook post issued at the height of the city s panic which claimed it was  inaccessible due to flooding .Osteen, still shirking responsibility for the decision, then said that the church chose not to open up to the needy because the city had not officially asked him to. This despite other locations in Houston inviting in refugees out of charity and not an official request.Did Osteen really say he didn t open the church to flood victims because the city didn t ask him to? Does a church need to be asked by the government to help people affected by a natural disaster in their community?Eventually, it opened up and it is now acting as a  distribution center , finally carrying out good and much needed work as the city reels in crisis.But Osteen now faces the wrath of an angry Christian community   and the disgust of those beyond it   for his treatment of the disaster.  Daily MailApparently, many folks on social media didn t feel as though the pastor, who also happens to be mega-rich, is doing enough to help the people who have supported his luxury lifestyle for years.Twitter user @CollinRugg reminded Olsteen that the church belongs to God and not to him. Collin Rugg tells Osteen to  Open up His doors & let the people of Houston in! Joel Osteen,""Your"" mega church doesn't belong to you, it belongs to GodOpen up His doors & let the people of Houston in!#HoustonStrong  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) August 29, 2017This Twitter user offered a similar sentiment:Joel Osteen has made millions in Jesus' name, but when it comes time to actually act like a Christian he fails spectacularly. #Houston  Lori O. (@lori_oh) August 28, 2017This Twiter user posted a picture of his Catholic priest actually working in the Houston floods to help victims.This is Father David Bergeron, the Father at my Catholic Church. He was out in a kayak yesterday blessing+helping ppl, Joel Osteen who???? pic.twitter.com/oVsNWniUsx  Triiodide Ion (@alfredomorenx) August 28, 2017Outspoken conservative Pastor Greg Locke reminded Osteen of his  obligation to show the love of Christ at this very moment , telling him to  OPEN THE DOORS. Joel Osteen, as a Pastor you have a huge obligation to show the love of Christ at this very moment. OPEN THE DOORS. #HoustonStrong  Pastor Greg Locke (@pastorlocke) August 28, 2017If the New Orleans Saints could open their stadium to the public during Katrina, Joel Osteen can open up his church for the Houston flooding  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) August 28, 2017Please understand that Joel Osteen does NOT represent Christianity. Never has, never will. @JoelOsteen #HoustonStrong #MAGA pic.twitter.com/5sSaUrzFvY  M A N them (@mikandynothem) August 28, 2017Joel Osteen's megachurch is designed for the rising tithe, not tide.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 28, 2017They shamed Osteen on social media, sharing photographs of the very dry land outside and questioned the Christianity of a man who had seemingly turned his back on the very congregation which built his $40million empire with their donations and undying faith.The church then released questionable photographs which it said demonstrated how it had flooded over the weekend but said the waters had since receded.PHOTO OF FLOODING IN LAKEWOOD CHURCH:Lakewood Church also sent photos it says show flooding in and around the building:PHOTO OF THE OUTSIDE OF THE FLOODED CHURCH: Two Houston men shared this video of the Lakewood Church following the flood as evidence that the church was unaffected by the flooding: ",0
18035,"What? First Graders Asked Not to Use the Words ‘God’, ‘Jesus’ or ‘Devil’ in Class [Video]","What the heck happened to our freedom of speech? First graders were asked not to use the words  God ,  Jesus  or  devil  in an Indiana classroom Why? Political correctness in action Parents aren t happy about this!First graders asked not to use the words  God  or  devil  in Indiana classroom pic.twitter.com/35l4xgPv6O  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) August 31, 2017MCCORDSVILLE, Ind. (FOX59)   Parents of students at an Indiana elementary school are not happy after a first grade teacher sent home a note asking children not to talk about God, Jesus, or the Devil, FOX 59 reports.According to a statement from McCordsville Elementary School, a debate about God happened in the first grade classroom earlier in the week, so the teacher sent the letter about her expectations to parents. The section of the letter reportedly asked parents to have a talk with their children about the time and place to discuss faith.A parent submitted the letter to FOX 59, which in part reads:  With Mccordsville Elementary being a public school, we have many different religions and beliefs, and I do not want to upset a child or parent because of these words being used. A letter from the superintendent said it is okay for students to speak about their religion as long as it does not interrupt class:  Trying to limit a student s view on religion is a violation of a student s first amendment rights. However, if the discussion becomes an academic disruption, then as a district, we can intervene to maintain the integrity of the educational process while at the same time being sure to not violate a student s constitutional rights. ",0
