id,title,text,label
7014," John McCain Brushes Off Hispanic Voters, Says The GOP Doesn’t Need Them To Win","When you re running for re-election in your toughest campaign yet, in a state with a heavy Hispanic voting population, what s the one thing you shouldn t do? Well, for starters, you shouldn t underestimate the voting bloc that could make or break you.But John McCain doesn t care. Even though he runs neck-in-neck with Democratic Congresswoman Ann Kirkpatrick in a general election matchup, he is adamant he and the GOP don t need the Hispanic vote to win:An interesting phenomenon right now is the huge turnouts for the Republican primaries, low turnout for the Democrat primaries. Now if all those people would get behind the Republican candidate, I think we could win this election despite the alienation, frankly, of a lot of the Hispanic voters.Two things: one, there s no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections (a statement that was rated true by Politifact), and two: do not underestimate Hispanic voters. As the Huffington Post notes, the Hispanic and Latino voting bloc could  tip the scales  for Democrats in Arizona. And, as of right now, the majority of them support Ann Kirkpatrick.The angry white vote can only carry McCain so far. And with a mounting challenge by Tea Partier Kelli Ward, McCain can t afford a split Arizona Republican Party.Like Donald Trump, Republicans are cashing in on their last ditch effort to convince enough angry, latently racist white voters to save them, and screw the rest.Kirkpatrick jumped all over McCain s idiotic comments, saying:I wonder what thousands of Latino families across Arizona will think when they hear that John McCain is willing to alienate them as long as he and Republicans win in November. McCain, who already revealed that his Latino outreach efforts are a  pure, political move, has changed his positions on important issues such as immigration reform and the DREAM Act, depending on who he talks to or whether it s an election year. And McCain has repeatedly promised to support Donald Trump if he becomes the GOP nominee, in spite of Trump s racist, anti-Latino rhetoric.Donald Trump? Alienation? Flip-flopping? It s as if McCain is dying to retire. Let s make sure in November he gets what he deserves a swift kick in the behind.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
7015," Obama Tells Dems: This Is As Important As Hillary Vs Bernie, And You’re Blowing It!","Speaking to Democrats at a fundraiser at actor Tobey Maguire s house in California, President Obama issued a warning to his party that in addition to their focus on the presidential race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, they desperately need to think about moving Congress out of Republican hands and back towards the Democrats.President Obama collected more than $1 million for his party s House and Senate candidates from Hollywood s Democratic elite Thursday and Friday, and left his deep-pocketed backers with what he termed a  professorial  lecture on the importance of recapturing Congress.Obama also told supporters that he would not be making an endorsement yet in the presidential contest (incumbent presidents usually wait until the party has chosen a successor in order to make a formal announcement). And he joked that he and his staff were too tired to run for a third term, even if he could.At another fundraiser, Obama pointed out that getting Democrats back in charge of Congress is very important.On Thursday night, Obama attended a large gathering at the Bel Air mansion of Disney Chairman Alan Horn and his environmentalist wife, Cindy. There, the president stressed the importance of  recognizing the enormous power of Congress and the difference between a Nancy Pelosi being Speaker of the House and a Paul Ryan being Speaker of the House. The President also highlighted the GOP blockade of Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, even though Garland has received praise from across the political spectrum. And he pointed out that the blockade would be eroded with more Democratic votes in the Senate since,  What we ve seen out of the Republicans in the Senate is not simply a refusal to confirm him thus far, but a refusal to meet with him or to have a hearing, or to have a vote. Obama went on to point out that crazed statements from Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have also helped to expose some of the extremism that happens every day in the House and Senate from Republicans, saying,  People act as if these folks are outliers. But they re not. The President said widespread coverage of their speeches and statements could help to motivate voters.Featured image via Flickr",0
7016, Arizona Republican’s Vote Against Airplane Seat Comfort Hilariously Bites Him In The Ass (IMAGE),"This is pure gold that perfectly demonstrates that Republicans don t give a damn about a problem until they experience it personally.On Thursday, Arizona Republican Senator Jeff Flake joined his conservative colleagues in voting down an amendment that would have put an end to the airline industry practice of reducing the size of seats in order to cram as many passengers as possible into planes in a clear move that puts profit over the comfort of customers.According to the Washington Post, the amendment would have  empowered the FAA to set new standards, in consultation with experts, for seat dimensions that maintain  the safety, health and comfort of passengers. And as usual, Republicans sided with the lobbying arm of the airlines and killed the amendment. But one Republican already humiliatingly regrets his vote against the measure.After boarding a flight and taking his seat, Flake discovered that his own legroom was seriously impeded and trying to use his laptop was even more uncomfortable.So, he took a picture and posted it to Twitter.  Okay, so perhaps my vote against this bill was a tad impetuous,  Flake wrote.Here s the post via Twitter.Okay, so perhaps my vote against this bill was a tad impetuous  pic.twitter.com/wsXy0H4ZJF  Jeff Flake (@JeffFlake) April 8, 2016This is a fantastic example of a Republican experiencing what it is like when karma comes knocking at your door to teach you a lesson, especially since Twitter users couldn t resist roasting Flake and Republicans for voting against the amendment.Here are just a few of the hilarious responses. @JeffFlake That s what you get for being a knee-jerk conservative Republican. Now, about that Supreme Court vacancy  .  Lee Cox (@legaleagle48) April 8, 2016@JeffFlake @joshtpm And how much did the airline lobby pay for that vote?  Il Volo Maui (@RickiAdoroIV) April 8, 2016 @JeffFlake #Republicans have a record of only voting for things that affect them personally. NOW you want more leg room. Typical.  Desperada (@dsprada) April 8, 2016@JeffFlake May you be seated next to a colickey baby on every flight.  Dawn Gulick (@DawnGulick) April 8, 2016 @JeffFlake @paulisci Wow. What will it take for him to realize he was impetuous about gun control?  Evan Jacobs (@esjacobs) April 8, 2016@JeffFlake If more politicians were required to travel coach, then maybe they would have voted otherwise. No love for us commoners. ?  MsMenz (@IamMsRizzy) April 8, 2016 @JeffFlake That s what happens when you simply knee-jerk your reaction. Try *thinking* once in a while.  ian2 (@ianinamerica) April 8, 2016Flake should have thought more about this issue before just casting a vote against the amendment for the sake of voting against anything that might make the lives of the people easier and less frustrating. Instead, he only regretted his vote after dealing with uncomfortable airline seating first-hand, which has become a typical Republican trait.If every Republican experienced losing a child to gun violence, we would have gun control immediately. If every Republican experienced being denied healthcare, universal healthcare would be a reality. If every Republican experienced the pain of sending their child to fight in a war, the hawks would turn into doves. If every Republican were paid minimum wage, they would vote for a national raise instantaneously. And if every Republican had to ride coach when they fly, they would vote in favor of more legroom on airlines. Or at the very least, they would regret their opposition to each of these measures.Sadly, until more Republicans experience the realities that Americans live with every day, we can expect them to keep obstructing until they get personally fired by voters who decide not to sit and take it anymore.Featured image via Twitter",0
7017," Now We Know What This Top Republican Really Did To Children, And It Is SICK","Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert (R-IL) was a sexual predator who attacked at least one child, a fact he covered up while leading the House of Representatives, two heartbeats away from the presidency of the United States.Court documents filed on Friday stated the disgusting details in cold, black and white text.Dennis Hastert agreed to pay $3.5 million to a person the former House speaker sexually abused when the victim was 14 years old and Hastert worked as a high-school teacher and wrestling coach outside Chicago, prosecutors said in a court filing Friday.The court filing is the first time prosecutors have confirmed Hastert paid hush-money to conceal sex abuse of a 14-year-old.Hastert kept the behavior under wraps even as he worked his way up the political ladder, from the Illinois Legislature through Congress and into the Speaker s office.In October of 2015, Hastert plead guilty to breaking banking laws while trying to secure hush money to keep his abuse quiet. He is currently trying to avoid jail time, with his lawyers having the nerve to claim that his declining health and the public scorn he has received since the abuse came to light is punishment enough.Hastert was part of the Republican-orchestrated impeachment of Bill Clinton in 1998 that failed to remove him from office for an extramarital affair.Hastert became Speaker of the House in 1999, after Newt Gingrich stepped down due to Republicans losing seats in the 1999 election and the next in line for the office, Bob Livingston, also exposed for having an extramarital affair.It was widely believed that Hastert took his orders from then-Republican Majority Leader Tom DeLay, and the two soon worked together to smash existing House rules in order to get Republican advantages during his time at the top.His tenure lasted until 2007, by which time Democrats had taken over the House in large part due to a scandal involving Rep. Mark Foley (R-FL). making advances towards teenage pages which was not acted upon quickly by Hastert, as well as the Iraq War.Under Hastert, the House operated under what was often described as a  culture of corruption  in which access and votes were traded for favors, sometimes outright bribes as in the case of Rep. Duke Cunningham (R-CA).But few were aware of just how corrupt the man who presided over it all, Dennis Hastert, really was.Featured image via Flickr",0
7018, N.C. NAACP Plans Sit-Ins To Force Repeal Of Anti-Gay Law,"Like most sane people and organizations, the North Carolina NAACP is furious over House Bill 2, North Carolina s new sweeping piece of bigoted anti-LGBT legislation. They are so furious, in fact, that they will be using an old tactic from the 1960s Civil Rights Movement to force Gov. Pat McCrory to repeal the law: sit-ins.Matt Barber, who is the president of the North Carolina NAACP, says he is giving McCrory until April 21st to get rid of this terrible law, or there will be sit-ins until he does. Barber says of the law: We cannot be silent in the face of this race-based, class-based, homophobic and transphobic attack on wage earners, civil rights, and the LGBTQ community. Together with our many allies, we will coordinate a campaign of nonviolent direct action along with other forms of nonviolent protest that will instruct our legislators with respect to the rights of all people. Because the next session of the House doesn t start until the 25th of April, they would need a special session to meet Barber s demands by his April 21st deadline. Barber s Forward Together Moral Movement is behind the organization of the sit-ins, and more information will be forthcoming. They are also the group responsible for North Carolina s now-famous Moral Monday activist activities.Of course, the bigots on the wrong side of history are not going quietly into the dustbins of history where they belong, either. The Christian Action League of North Carolina has already planned a rally in Raleigh, the state s capitol, to stand in solidarity with the bigoted lawmakers who made discrimination legal. This event will take place this coming Monday, and there will be counter protests as well.Another event will be held at the governor s mansion on this coming Wednesday, and it isn t your usual protest either. A group of people will assemble an air horn orchestra  in order surround McCrory s home with lots of loud noise. He really ought to love that one.Bravo, NAACP. Thank you for your support, and for standing on the right side of history.Gov. McCrory   Shame on you.Featured image via Equality NC Twitter",0
7019, Court Decides Scott Walker’s ‘Right-To-Work’ Law Is Unconstitutional,"Wisconsin s  right-to-work  law was determined to be unconstitutional on Friday by Dane County judge William Foust.The Associated Press reports:Three unions filed the lawsuit last year shortly after Walker signed the bill into law. Right-to-work laws prohibit businesses and unions from reaching agreements that require all workers, not just union members, to pay union dues. Twenty-four other states have such laws.The unions argued that Wisconsin s law was an unconstitutional seizure of union property since unions now must extend benefits to workers who don t pay dues. Dane County Circuit Judge William Foust agreed.He said the law amounts to an unconstitutional governmental taking of union funds without compensation since under the law unions must represent people who don t pay dues. That presents an existential threat to unions, Foust wrote.Wisconsin s Attorney General Brad Schimel said that the state plans on appealing the decision. Schimel released a statement where he said: We are extremely disappointed that the Dane County Circuit Court struck down Wisconsin s right-to-work law, but we are confident the law will be upheld on appeal. The ruling is great news for organized labor who have been fighting the anti-labor law. Phil Neuenfeldt, the president of Wisconsin AFL-CIO released a statement where he said: Today, the courts put a needed check on Scott Walker s attacks on working families by ruling that Wisconsin s Right to Work law is in violation of our state constitution  Right to Work goes against the Wisconsin principles of fairness and democracy and hurts all of Wisconsin by eroding the strength of our middle class. Right to Work has always been unjust, now it s proven unconstitutional. Republicans have done everything in their power to dismantle organized labor, helping to ensure the complete annihilation of the middle class. This court decision is a sign that resistance to the hegemony of neoliberalist policy is not futile. The de-industrialization of the United States has wrought havoc on the middle and working class.  As a new movement that demands that labor is respected in our economy grows, we must look at these victories and view them as a taste of the good things that happen when the left fights back.Featured image from (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)",0
7020, GOP Senator ‘More Convinced Than Ever’ Hearings Are Needed After Meeting Obama’s SCOTUS Nominee,"The Republican Party s  unity  of obstructionism may be crumbling down fast as GOP Senators line up to meet with President Obama s SCOTUS nominee Merrick Garland. Although fourteen Republicans have agreed to meet with the overly-qualified nominee, they have all pledged they will do so only out of courtesy   and not to consider him.However, as usual, there appears to be only one grown-up in the room, and that would be Senator Susan Collins, the moderate from Maine.Collins, who has served Maine for nearly 20 years and has often crossed party lines, sat down with Garland earlier this week to go over Constitutional, issue based questions.And what happened after she met with Garland? Well, for starters, she really seems to like him, telling reporters at the Captiol: He has a humility about him. He has clearly thought very deeply about the issues confronting the courts, there was not any question he could not handle and he has a long record of accomplishment. She also referred tom garland as  thorough  and  impressive,  saying his answers to her questions raised no red flags and were pretty down the middle as expected.But the most telling of all is how the meeting left the Senator. Breaking from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, Collins states,  The meeting left me more convinced than ever that the process should proceed,  meaning hearings should be scheduled and the nominee should have his up or down vote. The next step, in my view, should be public hearings before the Judiciary Committee so that the issues that we explored in my office can be publicly aired. Although Collins is convinced, she expressed doubts that her actions would influence other Senators who have remained shockingly loyal to Grassley and McConnell. Just last week Collins said she was utterly  perplexed  at the amount of pettiness exhibited by the Senate GOP.Surprisingly, Collins has received very little blow back from her own base. That s what happens when politicians actually do what the people want. Currently, 52 percent of Americans support holding a hearing for Garland, including 55 percent of Republicans. Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty",0
7021, ‘Bathroom Police’ Law Sets South Carolina GOP Governor Into Panic Mode: ‘We Didn’t Ask For This!’,"Nikki Haley, South Carolina s Republican governor, is hyperventilating with fear at the thought of the state Republican legislature sending her a brand new anti-transgender  bathroom police  law. The law would re-segregate our restrooms and force the state to impose restrictions on what bathrooms transgender individuals are allowed to use.The bill would require public restrooms to direct people to use the bathroom that aligns with their birth sex, and it would bar local governments from letting trans individuals choose which bathroom to use on their own.Let s pause for a moment and think about the first portion of that law. To enforce this law, you would need to staff public bathrooms with at least one security guard, who would require a birth certificate and visual inspection of the genitals of an individual before allowing them to use any restroom open to the public. That is literally the only way a law like this would actually be enforceable.This begs the question; what is the criminal penalty going to be for using the bathroom? Would it be a monetary fine, jail time or would it be a combination of both?Can you imagine the headlines? Local resident busted in bathroom sting by law enforcement, gets 6 months in jail for peeing.Despite Nikki s reluctance to sign this bill, the unfortunate part is that this isn t about new Republican support for transgendered individuals. There is no reason to think this has to do with anything other than money   corporate money, to be exact. North Carolina is seeing the massive corporate fallout from the passage of their own anti-LGBT legislation. Big money is pulling out of North Carolina now, and Nikki Haley is terrified of the same thing happening in her state.Governor Haley tried to sound benevolent about it, suggesting that protecting  religious freedom  and our public bathrooms were not necessary: This is not a battle that we ve seen is needed in South Carolina. It s not something that we see that citizens are asking for. When we look at our situation, we re not hearing of anybody s religious liberties that are being violated, and we re again not hearing any citizens that are being violated in terms of freedoms. Like it or not, South Carolina is doing really well when it comes to respect and when it comes to kindness and when it comes to acceptance. For people to imply it s not, I beg to differ. Source: TPMIt s as if Nikki Haley forgot what party she belongs to. She actually is implying protections of  religious freedom  are not necessary. Republicans will hate her for this one.As usual, the Republicans pushing for the bill say it s all about public safety, with the implication being that adult sexual predators would enter women s restrooms to prey on people s young daughters.Here s a context in which to view this whole thing. Republicans want to pass an anti-LGBT law that restricts the rights of lawful citizens, because of the actions of potential criminals.When it comes to gun control, Republicans whine constantly about how wrong it is to restrict the rights of lawful citizens, because of the actions of potential criminals. They also say no laws ever stop criminals from doing bad things. It s good to know that the only time restricting rights and preventing crime can happen is when it comes to bathrooms, and not guns.The hypocritical pretzel-twisting that Republicans are having to put themselves into over this issue, and its associated negative consequences, would be hilarious if they were not trying to hurt people in the process. They have to answer to their corporate owners who hold the money bags, yet they also have to answer to their hateful bigoted voter base. It has to be increasingly embarrassing to be a part of their party.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7022, Sexist White Supremacist Gives Donald Trump THE WORST Advice On How To Win Women Voters (AUDIO),"As much as Donald Trump doesn t want to admit it, he s absolutely bombing in the polls with female voters, especially after his horrifically offensive, misogynistic comments about punishing women for seeking abortions. Trump is hated by 70% of American women, and he s rapidly losing the conservative female vote as well.Although Trump chooses not to see his failings, everyone else can. So much so that YouTube and Trump supporter Paul Ray Ramsey is actually giving the business mogul some advice on how to score points with women and make a comeback. The problem is, Ramsey s suggestions help him fit into the misogynistic definition of a Trump supporter all too well: stop being an  assh*le  to women and just focus on seducing them. Duh!Ramsey s disgraceful women-wooing tips were captured by David Futrelle, in which Ramsey praises the Republican front runner for being a  ladies man , but notes that his hateful attitude toward women is hurting him more than helping. Ramsey, who is a white supremacist and nationalist, tried to coach Trump when he said: I know you re a ladies man, your history, but just think about it like when you re meeting girls or trying to seduce them there s a couple of phases. There is the attraction phase which you do well, you re funny, you re not a p*ssy, and girls like that. But if you stay in that assh*le mode too long, you don t get into the comfort stage.And that s where you are now. You need to get into the comfort stage of seduction   of seducing American women and just be nice. In other words, use pick-up artist techniques to simply woo women into supporting team Trump! Nevermind all of the sexist, misogynistic things he s said, or all the attacks Trump has made on women since his campaign started   women will come out to support Trump in droves if only The Donald would turn on his special alpha male charm. Ramsey clearly, deeply believes that American women are that stupid. He continued: I like your edge, I m not saying you should get rid of that, and no one is going to think you re some beta male, but you ve got to add some of that comfort. The only useful   and somewhat reasonable   advice Ramsey gave Trump was to not act  butthurt if you lose  the election. If Trump and his supporters take anything from this idiot s rant, let s hope it s that part.You can listen to the audio below, via We Hunted the Mammoth:It s no wonder Ramsey likes Trump so much, and is so interested in helping the GOPer capture women s votes   he and Trump share the same anti-woman values. Ramsey s disgusting attitude toward women voters goes way back, just like Trump. In 2009, Ramsey was caught promoting white nationalism and saying that women s suffrage was responsible for many of the issues in society. In a blog post from 2010 on a men s rights  site, Ramsey condemned the 1920 extension of voting rights to women. He wrote: Single mothers, rampant divorce, abortion and falling birth rates are part of the cancer that is destroying what is left of Western Civilization. But very few people (even conservatives) fail to realize that the inception of this cancer can be found in the passage of the 19th amendment. If Trump and Ramsey ever met each other, they would probably become best friends within seconds. Featured image via screen capture ",0
7023, Bruce Springsteen Just Unleashed His Fury On North Carolina And It Is Glorious,"Bruce Springsteen has decided to cancel a concert in North Carolina that was scheduled to take place on April 10. Springsteen released a statement on the matter where he explained that the cancellation is a protest against North Carolina s new law that gives people the right to discriminate against LGBT people.The law, HB2, not only legalizes discrimination against LGBT people, it forces businesses and schools to discriminate against them as well. Springsteen joins other big names in the growing boycott against North Carolina. PayPal cancelled their plans to build a massive new operation center in Charlotte. That cost the state 400 skilled jobs.Here is the announcement from Bruce Springsteen.As you, my fans, know I m scheduled to play in Greensboro, North Carolina this Sunday. As we also know, North Carolina has just passed HB2, which the media are referring to as the  bathroom  law. HB2   known officially as the Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act   dictates which bathrooms transgender people are permitted to use. Just as important, the law also attacks the rights of LGBT citizens to sue when their human rights are violated in the workplace. No other group of North Carolinians faces such a burden. To my mind, it s an attempt by people who cannot stand the progress our country has made in recognizing the human rights of all of our citizens to overturn that progress. Right now, there are many groups, businesses, and individuals in North Carolina working to oppose and overcome these negative developments. Taking all of this into account, I feel that this is a time for me and the band to show solidarity for those freedom fighters. As a result, and with deepest apologies to our dedicated fans in Greensboro, we have canceled our show scheduled for Sunday, April 10th. Some things are more important than a rock show and this fight against prejudice and bigotry   which is happening as I write   is one of them. It is the strongest means I have for raising my voice in opposition to those who continue to push us backwards instead of forwards.As Springsteen notes, the media has dubbed the right to discriminate law as a the  bathroom law.  While in this case this attack on individual rights is targeted towards LGBT people, it is actually a continuation of the Republican to erode local democracy.  Preemption laws  like HB2 are a strategy conceived by right-wing think tanks that date back to the 1990 s.The idea behind these laws is to prevent grassroots movements from creating progressive change in local cities. That way activists and organizations who do not have the resources to scale their operations to run statewide campaigns are locked out of the equation.While these boycotts are welcomed, HB2 is simply another iteration of a national strategy to destroy local democracy. In order to create a true resistance movement to these laws is to oust the political regimes that are making them. It ll require nothing short of a political revolution. Until that happens, the only thing progressives can do is play a game of political whack-a-mole.Featured image from (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images) ",0
7024, Violent Right Wingers Threaten To Murder Trans People For Using The Bathroom (IMAGES),"The entire southeast is on a right-wing tear with bills designed to directly attack the rights of LGBTQ people, and especially those of transgender people. First, it was North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signing a horrible, sweeping piece of legislation that literally legalizes discriminating against LGBTQ people in the state, and stopping cities from doing anything about it on their own turf. South Carolina has now followed suit.Of course, this means that violent, nutty right-wingers are up in arms, thinking there will be  men in women s restrooms.  One Facebook page, however, really takes the cake. American   STRONG! posted this vile meme to their page, and the hate for transgender people poured in so fast it would make your head spin. Here is the meme:If you think that s bad, the comments are even worse. The people on that page are not even hiding their out and out hate. In fact, these dangerous right-wingers sincerely believe that transgender people should be murdered, just for using the bathroom in public like everyone else. Here are just a few of the comments on that vile page:Other comments, while not overtly violent, were certainly steeped in disgusting fear and ignorance: And there s certainly plenty more comments like that where these came from. These people aren t just ignorant. They are dangerous. Some of them literally said that they would murder transgender people over a visit to public facilities.As far as I am concerned, anyone advocating for murder online, especially toward a group of people who are already murdered at an alarming rate just for existing, should be in jail. Shame on anyone who thinks violence like this is okay.Featured image via Wikipedia ",0
7025, Bernie Sanders Was Once A Talk Show Host – Here Are His Finest Moments (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders has done plenty of things in his life. From civil rights activist to U.S. senator and now to presidential candidate, Bernie has always figured out a way to create a platform that allows him to advocate for issues that are important to America. What many of us didn t know was that while mayor of Burlington, Vermont, Sanders was also a host of a cable access show.NBC s Late Night host Seth Meyers reminded Bernie of those days when he showed a reel of the former mayor out and about talking to constituents. Meyers said: I want to ask you one last thing. If you were elected president, would you do what you did when you were mayor of Burlington, Vermont, and would you host a public access show? Before you answer, we actually have footage of a show you hosted as mayor in Burlington. Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YBQHXMfFhY]Of course, Sanders couldn t keep a straight face and it was hilarious watching Bernie introduce himself as Dan Rather in one of the clips or have an awkward but funny moment with one interviewee.It would be great to see Sanders go out into the public once in a while and do similar interviews with constituents if he becomes president of the United States, a proposition that is becoming more likely as of late as Sanders has surged in the polls, winning many states to date.Featured image via video screenshot. ",0
7026, President Obama Gets His Troll Game On By Thanking Trump And Cruz For This Hilarious Reason,"President Obama is clearly in good spirits thanks to his surging approval ratings and perhaps just a dash of relief at finally getting some rest after his term ends. At a big L.A. fundraiser meant to give a boost to Democratic candidates this year, Obama couldn t help but make a few jokes at the Republican Party s nightmare primary situation. And like any good joke, it was funny because there was some truth to it.During the night, Obama acknowledged that there are a bunch of very serious reasons to be terrified of what a Trump presidency might look like. For women, minorities, those in poverty, or Muslims, four years of Trump are not an option. He noted that one voter met him recently and nervously asked: Tell me that Mr. Trump is not succeeding you! But before Americans despair, there is one silver lining. As Obama told the crowd, the one thing we can thank Trump and Ted Cruz for is making the stakes of this election absolutely clear. They aren t hiding behind innuendo any more. The GOP s hostility towards progress is on full display. Mr. Trump has actually done a service as Mr. Cruz is doing a service and that is laying bare, unvarnished some of the nonsense that we have been dealing with in Congress on a daily basis. People act as if these folks are outliers but they are not! We should thank Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz for just being honest that this is how we re thinking these days, or not thinking these days. Obama nailed it. What Cruz and Trump are doing is fighting for the true nature of the Republican Party   right out in the open. Each competes to outdo the other s xenophobia, religious discrimination and hateful rhetoric. Even while Trump is being condemned by some in his party over his language, his closest competitor has repeatedly stated that he too will build a massive concrete wall along the southern border. Both have floated the idea of discriminating against American Muslims based solely on their religion. As the race sinks lower, it s hard to say which is the worse of the two.For that, Americans can get a clear sense of the stakes. The Republican Party is simply not an option if you care about women s rights, LGBT rights, the welfare of the poor, or religious tolerance. Neither candidate has a platform that extends to minorities or young people. Both have very high profile supporters with ties to white supremacy.Which is why, in a serious turn, Obama said it was crucial for voters to oppose whoever gets the Republican nomination.Ds tell @POTUS they will miss him & aren't excited about the 16 race ""And I say, 'I have no patience for that.""  Juliet Eilperin (@eilperin) April 8, 2016""I say to folks, 'we cannot be complacent, & we cannot be cynical, because the stakes are too high.'"" @POTUS  Juliet Eilperin (@eilperin) April 8, 2016Well said, Mr. President.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images ",0
7027, WATCH: Donald Trump Receives Endorsement From Neo-Nazis in CRAZY New Video,"Donald Trump has attracted all sorts of fringe individuals and organizations as of late. He s attracted the most extreme elements of the Republican Party, and even the Ku Klux Klan is on board with his demonization of minorities and women. Now, Trump s extremist fan base has gone international with an endorsement from  Golden Dawn members, a far right neo-Nazi party in Greece which has a presence in the Greek parliament. In the new video, Trump is praised as a man who  doesn t fear to speak the truth. Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCwXFVhe6DE]Ilias Panagiotaros is a leading member of the party and he s on board with Trump s policies. Penagitaros has praised Hitler for having a  great personality.  Panagiotaros, along with Golden Dawn, has been linked to multiple offenses like murder, aggravated assault, trafficking, kidnapping, money laundering and extortion by the Greek government.Of particular excitement to Panagiotaros is when Trump infamously used a Mussolini quote to describe himself and then defended himself from the outrage, saying,  What difference does it make if it was Mussolini or somebody else,  Trump said.  It s a very good quote. As a result of the Greek economic collapse and the Syrian refugee crisis, Golden Dawn, which has an anti-capitalist platform and is anti-immigration, has gained more of a following. Thus, it should be of no surprise that Donald Trump has some racist fans in the international arena since his platform of denying Muslims entry into the US and building a wall to keep Mexicans out are comparable to that of this organization.The hope is that Donald Trump, along with the creepy Ted Cruz, who is likely even more racist than Trump with his personal brand of xenophobia, will never get to the presidency because if one of these men do, this country and its people are in deep trouble. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7028, Seth MacFarlane Wants His Fellow Bernie Supporters To Know Something VERY Important,"Very outspoken Bernie Sanders supporter Seth MacFarlane recently told the Jason Rantz Show a few things he d like to see out of he fellow Bernie supporters. The Family Guy creator knows that you can be fervent in your support for a candidate without losing sight of the bigger picture.He said: I actually am one of the people who has been a little disappointed at the way that, not necessarily the campaign, the supporters of the campaign have treated Hillary. I think she s been treated a little harshly by the left. Then making a comparison with those on the right side of the aisle, a party who s lost their damn mind in regards to Trump, a man who they are actually putting forward with all seriousness for president, MacFarlane said: That party has lost some control. This is a guy who is the result of a lot of bigotry gone wild. On the other hand, my side, the left, has gotten a little unreasonable when it comes to separating the trivial from the profound. He added later: The problem is if we don t pick our battles, then we look unreasonable. And I think that s part of where Trump has come from because we have not been able to separate things that are injustices from things that we re just offended by. And it s troubling. MacFarlane seems to know that every ounce of hate thrown at Hillary Clinton is an ounce of ammunition that may be used later. He also knows that when there s no clear distinction between arguments that are serious versus those that are petty and ridiculous, it only serves to hurt the candidate you re trying to support. In essence, many Bernie supporters are actually helping Trump, because they re validating that same sort of rhetoric that is being seen from his supporters as well.At the end of the day, we need to remember that a Democrat needs to win the White House in November. Whether that candidate is Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton, we need to vote blue no matter who. It s our best shot at retaining sanity within the Oval Office.Featured Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images",0
7029, Late Night Hosts Out Of New York City Utterly CRUCIFY Ted Cruz For Being There (VIDEO),"When you go after a city that s home to most of the late night shows that air on television, guess what, you re going to get roasted. Which is exactly what just happened to Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz when he arrived in New York City after his  New York values  comments.In a video montage pieced together by Politico, they show host after host going after Cruz, and even Trump, with some jokes that clearly show their disdain for the Texas senator and real estate mogul/reality television star.You ll see Conan O Brien first, and yes, he broadcasts out of Los Angeles now, but was long a New York resident when his show was out of the city. Then you ll see Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon, Late Show host Stephen Colbert, Late Night host Seth Meyers, and of course Trevor Noah from The Daily Show.One of the best digs at Cruz came from Seth Meyers when he said: Hillary rode the subway with a group of reporters and her Secret Service detail, then after the train was gone, Ted Cruz scurried across the tracks and disappeared into a hole. And he s absolutely correct, not only is Cruz a rat, is a disingenuous one at that.The gloves came off, and rightfully so. It was sincerely a beautiful thing to witness. These Republican candidates are a parody in and of themselves and deserve every ounce of mockery they receive.Watch the video mash-up here from Politico:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7030, White Catholic Schoolkids Threaten To Lynch Black Classmate (VIDEO),"An as yet unconfirmed number of white students of a Catholic school in California have been suspended after sending a video to a black student threatening a lynching.The Modesto Bee reports:A racist death threat video posted on social media by a Central Catholic High junior has led to the suspension of students involved and a criminal investigation, but an African American community group is calling for calm while police do their work. People are asking me,  What can I do?,  but I want to find out what s been done, first. Let the natural process take its course,  said attorney Jacq Wilson, who is working with the family of the boy targeted in the video.Efforts to dismiss the incident as a high school prank fell on deaf ears in the community. As Wilson puts it: When has bullying ever been a joke? When has a death threat ever been a joke? Right now, with everything going on (nationally), what were they waiting for, for someone to die? The fact is that people are hurt. People are scared. It s a hate crime. It s possibly even a domestic act of terrorism. It s a criminal threat, It is also reassuring that Central Catholic High President Jim Pecchenino came out immediately with his own unambiguous statement on the matter. Students involved in that video have been suspended. They are not on our campus. We ll follow our process for discipline,  he said. The whole video is despicable, every part of it. The noose, the gun going off, it s just unconscionable to view. It s very unsettling. The students remain on suspension while the matter is investigated further, with a view to pressing chimerical charges against those responsible. Featured image via Screengrab",0
7031, Bernie Sanders Will Visit The Vatican To Speak About A ‘Moral Economy’,"Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders, who faces an uphill battle with Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton in New York s primary, may get a significant boost of confidence as he s scheduled to visit Vatican City to deliver a speech on the  moral economy  on April 15th.More specifically, according to the Sanders campaign, he will be attending a conference hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences  on social, economic, and environmental issues,  which falls on the 25th anniversary of the church s Centesimus Annus,  an encyclical from Pope John Paul II aimed at addressing the rights of workers around the world and fair economic treatment.On the same day Pope Francis issued a paper urging priests and leaders to be more accepting of gay men, divorcees and lesbians, the Vatican released their own statement, singling out Sanders: We re delighted to host this conference to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Centesimus Annus, bringing together world leaders, including U.S. Senator Sanders. Bernie Sanders praised His Holiness Pope Francis and the Vatican for the invitation on MSNBC s Morning Joe, saying:I was very moved by the invitation, which just was made public today. I am a big, big fan of the pope. Obviously, there are areas where we disagree, on women s rights and gay rights. But he has played an unbelievable role, an unbelievable role, of injecting a moral consequence into the economy.Whereas the honor of attending the Vatican may be huge for Sanders, the time he ll have to take off from campaigning in New York (four days before the primary) may be detrimental to overtaking Clinton, who is slated to win with a comfortable margin.Bernie Sanders has lauded Pope Francis in the past, calling him  brave,   compassionate,   a very smart man,  and a  leader  on the issues which Sanders has similarly adopted in his presidential campaign. It should come as no surprise the Vatican saw it fit to invite him. Francis  focus on climate change and environmental issues have ignited positive attitudes in weary Catholics and non-Catholics who have grown dismayed with the Church s seemingly obsessive attitudes towards abortion and homosexuality, and embracing the Sanders rhetoric literally and figuratively will only continue to ignite more passion. Photo by William Thomas Cain/Getty Images",0
7032, Donald Trump Gets Brutally Shut Down By Mickey Rourke On An NY Sidewalk (NSFW VIDEO),"Trust fund tycoon and wannabe President Donald Trump is well known for his all-out assaults on rivals (perceived and real) in politics and the media. But The Donald met his match this week, in Mickey Rourke, who shut the GOP front runner down with a string of insults which could even make Trump blush.Rourke took part in a street interview with TMZ, playing ball on a sidewalk with a reporter while shooting the breeze about the Presidential candidate. Things got real, fast. Before I throw this first pitch out, I just wanna say, the biggest scumbag on the planet is that maggot with an  f  in front of it: Donald trump While continuing to pitch some perfect balls, Rourke branded Trump s wife Melania a gold digger: I mean, how could you sleep next to that flabby, fat, piece of sh*t every night? After briefly diverting off to Rourke s dreams of becoming a baseball player, the interview finishes back on Donald Trump. There s no other way of putting it: Rourke goes postal on the candidate, with an expletive-laden rant that even Trump would struggle to have conjured. What sets him off? Trump s claim to be some sort of tough guy. He s not a tough guy,  Rourke says.  He s a bully and he s a b*tch. And he can suck my f*cking d*ck. And I ll meet him a hotel room any f*cking day of the week and give him a  Louisville slugger.  Kiss my motherf*cking a**, you b*tch punk c*cksucker. Ouch.This isn t the first time Rourke has taken a time out to smackdown the Republican frontrunner. As Rolling Stone reports:In July of 2015, Rourke made it clear he wasn t siding with Trump by saying,  I d rather stick a .38 up my ass and pull the trigger than vote for Donald Trump.  A few months later, he called Trump a  big mouthed bitch bully  and expressed his desire to have 30 seconds in a room  with the little bitch  to give him a piece of his mind.Donald Trump is yet to make a response. Perhaps in true playground bully style, the candidate will buckle under the pressure of real opposition.Featured image via Screengrab/Flickr Creative Commons",0
7033, Billionaire Mogul Steve Cohen Pledges Nearly $300 Million To Give Veterans Free Healthcare,"In an age where billionaires are buying elections, tearing down the environment in pursuit of oil and gas, evading their taxes and just screwing over humanity in general, some are doing genuine good.Take billionaire hedge fund manager Steve Cohen, for instance. Cohen, founder and CEO of Point72 Asset Management and S.A.C. Capital Advisors, has pledged through his newest endeavor The Cohen Veteran s Network a whopping $275 million for our veterans. His goal? To provide them with free mental healthcare by picking up the cost. An additional $30 million will be used for research programs through Cohen Veteran Bioscience.In a statement, Cohen, who is worth over $11 billion, and his network partner Dr. Anthony Hassan, praised United States  veterans and called on America to  pay the debt  of gratitude:The wounds of war are serious. It is not easy to serve your country in combat overseas and then come back into society seamlessly, especially if you are suffering. These men and women have paid an incredible price and it s important that this country pays back that debt. We will treat anyone who served in the U.S. Armed Forces during the war on terror. If you wore the uniform, and you need help, you are welcome at Cohen Veterans Network period. The $275 million will be spent over the next five years to open 25 clinics all across the country, collectively named the Steven A. Cohen Military Family Clinics. So far, four are scheduled to open in July in southwestern cities including Dallas, Los Angeles and San Antonio. One will open in New York, and by the spring of next year, one will be opened in Philadelphia.According to the CVN website, goals of the network are:Cohen, a Republican, recently made a hefty donation of $2 million to now failed presidential candidate Chris Christie, and currently has a son, Robert, who served in the United States military.Some billionaires are bad. Some billionaires make mistakes (some that are illegal). Some don t take responsibility for their actions and give back to their communities. But some, like Robert Cohen, help make the world a better place for the most vulnerable. Featured image via Flickr",0
7034, Scarlett Johansson Rips Republicans A New One For Trying To Kill Planned Parenthood,"The Black Widow just delivered a super smackdown of Republicans for messing with women s health.Republicans on the federal and state level have repeatedly assaulted Planned Parenthood for years now, with some GOP-controlled states actually going so far as to strip funding from the women s healthcare provider, rendering them helpless to provide services that women need.The attacks against Planned Parenthood stem from the Republican effort to ban abortion and punish anyone who gets one or performs one, even though the procedure is legal and a constitutionally protected right.But in trying to destroy Planned Parenthood, Republicans are also taking away crucial medical serives such as cancer screenings. STD treatments, and access to the contraception that would prevent abortions in the first place by preventing unwanted pregnancies.And that makes Republicans a bunch of evil anti-women villains who need a serious ass-kicking.During an interview with Cosmopolitan on Thursday, Johansson provided that ass-kicking by defending Planned Parenthood.She began by criticizing Republicans for focusing so much on defunding Planned Parenthood when there are so many problems in the world that need immediate attention. There are countries at war, there s terrorism, global warming, and we re like,  We should definitely cut the budget for Planned Parenthood. Let s take away the availability of women s health initiatives!  It s nuts,  Johansson said.  We re talking about preventing cervical and breast cancers. Johansson also explained that she and some of her friends have relied on Planned Parenthood for their healthcare needs and blasted Republicans for trying to take away the only healthcare that millions of women have access to and can afford, and if they lose it, women who need an abortion will risk their lives to get one. Growing up, I used [PP s] services. All my girlfriends did not just for birth control but for Pap smears and breast exams. You read about the rise of back-alley abortions, women having to mutilate themselves and teenagers having to seek help in unsafe conditions, and for what?! We re moving backward when we re supposed to be moving forward. Johansson just stood up on behalf of women and wiped the floor with Republicans in real life and you can watch her kick ass on the big screen as the Black Widow when Captain America: Civil War arrives in theaters on May 6, 2016.Featured image: Pinterest",0
7035, President Obama: Hillary Clinton Is Undoubtedly Qualified To Be President,"Hillary Clinton was one of the most hands-on First Ladies this country has ever seen. From healthcare to childcare, Clinton took the lead in sparking new and necessary debates on a multitude of issues. She then served, in her best capacity, as Senator of New York. For two terms, she carved out a bipartisan (yet liberal) ideology that more than a few times caused her to take heat   both from the right and the left.As Secretary of State, President Obama s words sum it up best: One of the best decisions I ever made as president. Even after forty years of public service, fighting for the things that matter (albeit, with some mistakes made along the way), some on the left don t think she s qualified to be President of the United States.Following his own lead, the White House confirmed that President Obama disagrees with some of those on the left, namely Senator Bernie Sanders, and thinks that not only is Clinton unequivocally qualified to be the president, but as deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz puts it to reporters:The president has said that Secretary Clinton comes to this race with more experience than any other non-vice president in recent campaign history.President Obama also added, again, that he was  proud  of Clinton s service as Secretary of State.Clinton has made building on President Obama s legacy a staple in her campaign. The White House s praise of Clinton s qualifications is paramount as the heat turns up in New York between her and Senator Bernie Sanders, who faces an uphill battle to win the nomination.Currently, Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight gives Clinton a 95 percent chance of winning New York. The White House s praise (and possibly veiled endorsement) could carry weight for Clinton amongst Democrats and left-leaning independents. Last month, President Obama told Democratic donors to unite behind Clinton, but denied that signaled an endorsement. Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
7036," WI Supreme Court Justice Penned Column Mocking ‘Queers,’ ‘Degenerates’ With AIDS","The AIDS crisis is far from over, but thanks to medical advancements, the diagnosis is no longer a death sentence as it was in the 1980s and 1990s. In those days, the LGBT community was blamed for the epidemic and our pain was largely ignored by those in positions to help. In fact, bigots often mocked the suffering of people they clearly viewed as less than human. One such person was Rebecca Bradley, who was a student at Marquette University at the height of the crisis. She also happens to be the newest justice to make it to the Supreme Court in the state of Wisconsin.One Wisconsin Now, a left-wing activist organization, managed to dig up some of this woman s more interesting articles, in which she expressed some truly disturbing opinions. In one such article Bradley slammed AIDS activists and their misdirected compassion for the degenerates who basically commit suicide through their behavior. She also opined that having AIDS was better than having cancer because those afflicted with the politically-correct disease will be getting all of the funding.  As if that weren t bad enough, Bradley topped it all off with an even more disgusting opinion: How sad that the lives of degenerate drug addicts and queers are valued more than the innocent victims of more prevalent ailments. Here are screenshots of just a few choice quotes from Rebecca Bradley, via One Wisconsin Now:It is also worth noting that this woman believes that abortion is the equivalent of Nazism and slavery.Now, sure, this was more than two decades ago, but it s quite likely that Bradley s opinions haven t changed all that much. Hateful tigers generally don t change their stripes. In response to the controversy, Bradley only said that what s in the articles have nothing to do with who I am as a person or a jurist, and they have nothing to do with the issues facing the voters of this state. With all due respect Madame, that is a load of horseshit and you know it. There s no way you could be fair on any matter involving LGBT people if those are the views you hold on something as serious as the AIDS epidemic. Further, your use of dehumanizing slurs is truly beyond the pale. You, my dear, have no business being on any judicial bench, or in any position of power whatsoever, anywhere.Wisconsin, rise up and reject this hateful excuse for a Supreme Court justice, or you ll be stuck with a bona fide bigot making decisions for you for the next decade.Featured image via screen capture from Queerty",0
7037, Judge Rules Man Who Called 911 On John Crawford Can Be Charged (VIDEO),"An Ohio judge ruled that Ronald Ritchie, the man whose 911 call led to the officer-involved shooting of a Black man in an Ohio Walmart store in 2014, can be charged with making a false alarm.In August 2014, 22-year-old John Crawford was shot at least ten times by police, as he shopped for an air gun inside a Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart.Police arrived at the store in response to calls placed by Ronald Ritchie and his wife.During his 911 call, Ritchie claimed that John Crawford had a gun and that he was using it to threaten people.Video evidence showed that John Crawford had picked up the air gun in another part of the store, likely to purchase it.While Ritchie told the 911 operator that John Crawford was pointing the gun at customers, and at one point stated he was aiming it at children, after reviewing the video the judge determined Ritchie s statements were not true.As the AP reports here, the judge specifically noted in her statement: at the time that Ronald Ritchie is relaying to dispatch that Mr. Crawford is pointing the gun at two children, the video does not depict this event. As Addicting reported in August 2014, questions about Ronald and April Ritchie s 911 calls arose almost immediately after the 911 recordings were were released to the public.Ritchie was interviewed immediately following the death of John Crawford. Watch the video from WHIO.Less than 30 days after he told the 911 operator that John Crawford was threatening people inside the store with a gun, he retracted those statements, telling reporters  at no point did he shoulder the rifle and point it at somebody. Contrary to Ritchie s statements, video footage shows that Crawford was using the air gun to prop himself up, leaning on it as he did his shopping. He was talking with his girlfriend on the phone when a group of white officers shouted at him to drop the gun, then immediately opened fire, shooting him multiple times in the back.His last words were  It s not real. The judge ruled that Ritchie cannot be charged with inciting violence, including panic, involuntary manslaughter or reckless homicide, all charges that the court was asked to consider.Ritchie can face charges of making a false alarm, however   a crime for which he could serve six months in jail and pay fines of up to $1000. Featured image via video screen capture WHIO",0
7038," This Republican Hates Ted Cruz So Much, He Threatened To ‘Get Some Cyanide’ If GOP Nominates Him (VIDEO)","It seems like Ted Cruz has permanently messed up his relationship with New Yorkers after his offensive  New York values  comments went viral. One person who definitely isn t forgiving Cruz anytime soon is Rep. Peter King (R-NY), who hasn t yet endorsed any of the candidates running for president, but has made it perfectly clear who he won t be rooting for.King went on Fox Business Network on Thursday afternoon with nothing but criticism for the GOP s current candidates. In speaking about Trump, the outspoken politician said that while he appreciated Trump s support on past issues such as Muslim radicalization, he wasn t fond of the way Trump attacked John McCain, or for the way the business mogul accused President George W. Bush of lying about the Iraq War. All of this, however, couldn t hold a flame to how much King hates Ted Cruz with every fiber of his being. King told Fox: With Donald Trump, I ve had some real issues with him. On the other hand, in no way am I comparing him to Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz   anyone in New York who even thinks of voting for Ted Cruz is a nut! Host Trish Regan asked King what he would do if Cruz was selected as the GOP s nominee, and his answer didn t disappoint. King said: I tell you, I don t know   I ll get some cyanide. I don t know what I ll do. I mean, I ll just   you know, not gonna tell you. This of course, was not a reply that anyone could have expected. Stunned, Regan could only ask King,  Will you vote for him? King fortunately gave a more diplomatic response and said: Listen, put it this way: I will endorse the nominee of the party. But it wouldn t be the most, you know, vociferous support. You can watch the interview below:Interestingly enough, this isn t the first time King has threatened to do something drastic when it came to a Cruz nomination. About a year ago, King entertained other ways he could kill himself if Cruz got closer to the White House.By the way, the Fox interview was just part of a long day of Cruz-bashing for King. Earlier that day, King made an appearance on The Joe Piscopo Show on AM 970 THE ANSWER and got the chance to warm up before his interview with Fox. Criticizing Cruz for his disrespectful comments about New York, King said: Let me say something about the New York primary. Any New Yorker who even thinks of voting for Ted Cruz should have their head examined. Really, here s a guy who refused to sign onto the 9/11 health care act for the cops and fireman. Here s a guy who talks about New York values. We re tough, and to have some guy like Ted Cruz with cowboy boots walk around criticizing us. Listen, I hope he gets the cold shoulder and other things from every New Yorker. Send him back where he belongs. He s a phony. Featured image via Getty Images / Scott Olson",0
7039, The DEA Will Deliver Some Big News About Marijuana This Year,"The Drug Enforcement Agency released a 25-page memo on Thursday saying that they hope to come to a decision regarding the reschedule of marijuana sometime in early 2016. The DEA currently considers marijuana to be a dangerous drug with no medical benefits and is Schedule 1 drug under the Controlled Substances Act.That means that marijuana is considered to be as dangerous as heroin. To further drive home how absurd the United States  drug policy is, Methamphetamine is in the Schedule 2 drug category. As far as the DEA is concerned, marijuana is less harmful than crystal meth.Marijuana s current schedule status is a slap in the face to science. At this point, no one can seriously deny the medical benefits marijuana has. Marijuana has already been proven to be an effective treatment for many illnesses, and as a means of managing the side effects of harsher treatments such as chemotherapy. That s why 23 states have legalized marijuana for medical purposes.The U.S. has a major problem with prescription painkillers. Between 1999 and 2014, more than 165,000 have died from overdoses related to prescriptions opioids. Marijuana has not only proven to be an amazing alternative to opioids as a pain management treatment, studies have also shown that marijuana use can help people suffering from opioid addiction.While a decision to reschedule marijuana down from a Schedule 1 controlled substance would help to make it easier for individuals working within the cannabis industry, marijuana advocates say that the rescheduling of marijuana  falls well short  of reflecting the nation s attitude towards the plant.Paul Armentano, the Deputy Director for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) wrote a blog post where he said: Reclassifying the pot plant from I to II (or even to schedule III) continues to misrepresent the plant s safety relative to other controlled substances such as methamphetamine (schedule II), anabolic steroids (schedule III), or alcohol (unscheduled), and fails to provide states with the ability to fully regulate it free from federal interference.Further, the federal policies in place that make clinical trial work with cannabis more onerous than it is for other controlled substances   such as the requirement that all source material be purchased from NIDA s University of Mississippi marijuana cultivation program   are regulatory requirements that are specific to cannabis, not to Schedule I drugs in general. Simply rescheduling cannabis from I to II does not necessarily change these regulations, at least in the short-term. So yes, it would be great news for the DEA to reschedule marijuana. It would make federal drug policy one step closer to reflecting reality. However, a plurality of people in the U.S. now wants marijuana to be legal for recreational use. Four states and Washington D.C. have already legalized the sale and use of marijuana for recreational use. Those states have had phenomenal success with their marijuana policies. Now is the time for lawmakers to take bold action to write the wrong that is marijuana prohibition.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images) ",0
7040, WATCH: Ben Carson’s Excuse For Violence Of Trump Campaign STUNS CNN Hosts,"When Dr. Ben Carson was in the race for the Republican nomination, Donald Trump unleashed a barrage of accusations against the neurosurgeon, going after him aggressively and even comparing him to a pedophile. That s why many were bewildered when Carson endorsed Trump after he dropped out of the race for the nomination. Yet, not only has Carson endorsed Trump s candidacy, he defends Trump and his vile campaign even at the worst of moments.In the latest of a series of bizarre moves, Carson defended Trump s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski during a CNN interview on Thursday, saying that being charged with assault against a female reporter did not make Lewandowski  evil.  Carson said,  I don t see any reason, quite frankly that we should demonize him. If you can come up with a good reason, I ll listen to it. Co-host John Berman pointed out,  Well, look, he s been charged with misdemeanor assault. A lot of people think that is a reason.  Carson then went on a bizarre tangent saying,  A lot of people have been charged with various things. You ve probably been charged with with something too. Maybe with a misdemeanor or something. It doesn t mean that you are an evil horrible person. The stunned Berman responded,  I actually haven t been charged with anything. You have to ask   what in the world did Trump offer Carson to make him sell himself in such a manner? We have to keep in mind that Carson is not only defending Trump, who has spewed racism and bigotry throughout his campaign but in this particular case, he s defending someone who committed assault on camera.The adage  if you can t beat them then join them  is clearly on display here but nothing is worth the price of selling your soul, something Carson has clearly done in this case. Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwrIcJ9MgAM] Featured image via screencapture",0
7041," Hillary Responds To Bernie Calling Her Unqualified, And It’s Kinda Perfect","It seems there s a bit of infighting happening between the Democratic candidates that really isn t called for. While Hillary Clinton was pressed to say if she thought Bernie Sanders is qualified to be president, she time and time again has said that it s up to the voters to decide, but has never said he s not qualified. Yet, this seemingly was taken as an attack and Bernie responded in slight, and it kind of goes against his promise to run a clean campaign.Sanders, quite literally said,  I don t believe that she is qualified,  in regards to Clinton. He then went on to list reasons he believes she s not qualified, all of which were just positions he just disagrees with her on, but not a means of disqualification. If anything, Clinton may be the most qualified candidate in modern history, so his remarks were clearly uncalled for.While the internet went into a tizzy slamming Sanders for saying Clinton is unqualified, everyone was waiting for what the Democratic front-runner would say in response.Speaking with reporters Thursday morning, Clinton, being no beginner in receiving uncalled for jabs, shrugged off the attack, saying: Well, it s kind of a silly thing to say. But I m going to trust the voters of New York who know me and have voted for me three times   twice for Senate and once in the presidential primary. Adding: Look, I don t know why he s saying that, but I will take Bernie Sanders over Donald Trump or Ted Cruz any time, so let s keep our eye on what s really at stake in this election. Reiterating that as far as New York is concerned,  that s up to the voters. The voters will decide that. Clinton could have gone negative, but she chose to take the high road and reiterate that if Bernie happens to take the nomination, he s a far better choice than anything the Republicans have to offer. Something Sanders used to say himself about Hillary.This is what every Democrat voting needs to remember, all this bickering back and forth will amount to nothing if a Republican wins in November. Both Hillary and Bernie are FAR better options, and that is clear. Please remember, no matter who, vote blue.Featured Photo by Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images",0
7042, Mississippi Republicans Get Their Asses Handed To Them By Christian Cake Baker Over Anti-LGBT Law (AUDIO),"When Mississippi Republicans passed a discriminatory anti-LGBT law, the last thing they expected was backlash from Christians.But that s exactly what is happening.House Bill 1523 or the  Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act,  as Republicans have named it, allows open discrimination by people who claim to have sincerely held religious beliefs against the LGBT community.According to ABC News, the new law does allows the following:  Decline to  solemnize any marriage  or provide wedding-related services based on their religious beliefs or moral convictions. Those services run a full gamut, from wedding planning, photography, disc-jockey services and floral arrangements to cakes, venues and limos.  Decide  whether or not to hire, terminate or discipline an individual whose conduct or religious beliefs are inconsistent  with their beliefs or moral convictions.  Decide to whom they will sell or rent housing they control based on their religious beliefs or moral convictions.  Adoptive or foster parents can raise a child they ve been granted custody of by the state with the same beliefs and convictions of those protected by the law.  Medical and therapy professionals can decline  treatments, counseling, or surgeries related to sex reassignment or gender identity transitioning  and  psychological, counseling, or fertility services  to people whose lifestyles violate their religious beliefs.  People can create  sex-specific standards or policies concerning employee or student dress or grooming, or concerning access to restrooms, spas, baths, showers, dressing rooms, locker rooms or other intimate facilities or settings.  State employees and those acting on behalf of the state may recuse themselves from authorizing or licensing legal marriages, although they may not stand in the way of others doing so.In short, religious bigots can hide behind their bibles and exercise their hatred by denying services to LGBT people or anyone else whom they disagree with, even couples who have pre-marital sex and interracial couples.The law has been roundly condemned across the state and the nation ever since Governor Phil Bryant signed it, with area businesses and national corporations voicing overwhelming opposition.And at least one Christian business owner is adding to the backlash.Mitchell Moore is a Republican who owns Campbell s Bakery located in the state capital of Jackson, Mississippi, and during an interview with NPR, Moore ripped GOP lawmakers a new one for passing a stupid law that has nothing to do with Christian values. I am here to bake cakes and to sell those cakes,  Moore declared.  I m not here to decide arbitrarily who deserves my cake and who doesn t. That s not what I do. That s not my job. Moore then went on to lambaste Republicans for focusing on a non-existent problem while ignoring the real problems Mississippi faces. So leaving aside the stupidity of passing it because it decriminalizes discrimination   which, that really is kind of the biggest issue   but I can actually say I think the law of unintended consequences is going to come back to bite the people who signed this bill. If it is my sincerely held religious belief that I shouldn t serve them, then I can do that. And I can hide behind that language. But that language is so vague it opens a Pandora s box. And you can t shut it again. There is no sincerely held religious belief to think that I am better than other people   to think that my sin is different than other people. And so I am a deeply Christian man, and those go counter to my belief system.The assumption that they think that they re looking out for us   that s not what they are doing. We rank number one   our state government is the most dependent on federal money. We are the third most obese state. We rank at the bottom in unemployment, in education. We ve got crumbling infrastructure. None of them are being tackled. Instead, we are passing, hey-let s-discriminate bills. Here s the audio via NPR.Republicans in Mississippi are seriously in trouble if even Christians are pissed off at them for passing this law, which by the way, could not only cost the state millions of dollars in business, it could cost them them millions in federal tax dollars not to mention the millions of dollars the state will have to use when the lawsuits begin to be filed. So just like in North Carolina, Republicans in Mississippi have chosen to make their state an even crappier place to live by shoving Christian Sharia law down everyone s throats.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
7043, Mainstream Media Gets Called Out For Manipulating Bernie Sanders’ NY Daily News Interview,"New York Daily News stooped incredibly low on April 6, by running a cover story using parts of an interview Bernie Sanders had with the paper s editorial board out of context to attack him.Despite their interview never mentioning Sandy Hook, the article, featuring two Connecticut Hillary Clinton supporters, attacked Bernie Sanders over a false assumption he is against gun manufacturers being sued.In the interview Senator Sanders outlined his gun control agenda, comparing it to President Obama s. When asked whether gun manufacturers should be susceptible to lawsuits (not should they receive immunity), Bernie Sanders said  no   while his explanation was largely omitted. In the same sense that if you re a gun dealer and you sell me a gun and I go out and I kill him [gestures to someone in room]. Do I think that that gun dealer should be sued for selling me a legal product that he misused? [Shakes head no.] But I do believe that gun manufacturers and gun dealers should be able to be sued when they should know that guns are going into the hands of wrong people,  said Senator Sanders.  So if somebody walks in and says,  I d like 10,000 rounds of ammunition,  you know, well, you might be suspicious about that. So I think there are grounds for those suits, but not if you sell me a legal product. Bernie Sanders went on to add he has a D-minus rating from the NRA and lost an election in 1988 by three points against an opponent who was backed by the NRA. Trying to lie and portray Bernie Sanders as an NRA-backed candidate is preposterous, especially while Hillary Clinton has a former NRA lobbyist, Jeff Forbes, co-hosting fundraisers for her.Gun control is a hot issue among Democrats, and the mainstream media is misrepresenting Bernie Sanders  record to favor Hillary Clinton when their agendas are virtually identical, but rather than sensationalize and further divide people on the issue, Bernie Sanders emphasizes prevention.Lawsuits are not meant to replace or make up for ground where legislation or laws have yet to be enacted. If any dealer or manufacturer acts within the confines of the law, they can t be held accountable in a lawsuit, whether it is guns or any other product.Other parts of the NY Daily News interview have been taken out of context and manipulated by mainstream media. CNN was recently called out for making it seem as though Bernie Sanders was confused about how he would break up the big banks. He wasn t and isn t. On CNN, Nomiki Konst corrected an uninformed CNN anchor on what Bernie Sanders said. Well actually, you know, there s great fact checking done on this in the New York Times, which I hold as a higher standard of a paper  I think most New Yorkers hold the Times a little bit higher than the Daily News and New York Post. But they fact checked this and they basically said that he was right on this. You know the point if you read the entire transcript, which is very long, took about 45 minutes to read. He went into detail about how the determination of how to break up the big banks lies within Congress or the president, and the president gives authority to the Fed.The problem is that we take, as we do in the media, take little bits out of context and don t show the full picture. And to be clear, to be even more fair, Bernie Sanders is the only Senator who brought this up in Congress  And you know what? The Daily News didn t talk about that, but the New York Times did. The mainstream media needs to stop taking the New York Daily News interview out of context to suit its agenda in trying to stop the surging Bernie Sanders.Featured image via Flickr",0
7044, Seth Meyers Takes Aim At GOP Voter Suppression Tactics (VIDEO),"Millions of Americans are at risk of not being allowed to vote in this year s presidential election because of voter suppression efforts by Republicans, and that did not sit well with Seth Meyers at all.During Wednesday night s edition of Late Night, Meyers took aim at restrictive voter ID laws that have caused absolute chaos during primaries in several states, in particularly Wisconsin and Arizona, where Republicans have enacted such laws in an effort to prevent Democratic voters from exercising their right and civic duty.On Tuesday, Wisconsin GOP state Rep. Glenn Grothman openly bragged that the voter ID he helped pass in his state would hurt Hillary Clinton in the general election. Hillary Clinton is about the weakest candidate the Democrats have ever put up and now we have voter ID and I think voter ID is going to make a little bit of a difference as well,  he said on national television as the law caused long delays and forced voters to wait in long lines. You re not supposed to say that out loud,  Meyers responded.  That s like a dude rolling up in a Corvette and saying,  You know, I bought this to compensate for my tiny penis. Meyers then moved on to North Carolina, where a sweeping GOP-passed anti-voting law has caused poll workers to make voting difficult for people who aren t white. During the North Carolina primary in March, poll workers forced an Asian couple to spell their names and made them wait to exercise their voting rights as white voters were allowed to breeze through the lines without a problem. Critics had warned in 2013 that the voter ID law would bring back Jim Crow era tactics, and it looks like they were right. That s terrible news for the nation s Kaileys,  Meyers quipped.  So many ways you can go, Kayleigh. This is America   the only time you should have to spell your own name is when you re screaming it on a call with Time Warner Cable. Then Meyers took aim at Arizona, where the worst voting fiasco has taken place thus far this year.Arizona Republicans slashed the number of polling places from 400 to 200 in 2012, which led to thousands of citizens waiting in line to vote for hours. Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell went ahead and cut that down to 60 just this year, resulting in an even longer wait to cast votes in a county with a population of four million. But that s not all. Misinformation was spread via the Secretary of State s website and hundreds of voters, mostly Democrats, had their party affiliation altered prior to the primary. Even Secretary of States Michele Reagan testified that election fraud occurred and Arizonans are calling for a federal investigation. If you ve been waiting in line so long the pizza place is willing to deliver to you, you re going to be frustrated,  Meyers remarked.  Is that a house or an apartment?   It s a line   I live in a line. Meyers ended the segment by pointing out that these voter ID laws could end up repeating the 2000 Election. You know, the nightmare election that forced George W. Bush upon America because the conservative-leaning Supreme Court stepped in to halt a recount that could have resulted in an Al Gore victory. And we all know what happened over the next eight years.Yeah, let s not do that again.Here s the video via YouTube: Featured Image: Screenshot",0
7045, Rick Scott Issues Bizarre Response To The Woman Who Humiliated Him In Starbucks,"On Tuesday, the world was treated to an awesome video of a woman absolutely reaming Florida Governor Rick Scott at a Gainsville Starbucks. Now, we finally get to hear what he had to say about the woman who prevented him from getting his latte and it is absolutely baffling.In the viral video, Cara Jennings yelled (in part), You don t care about working people. You should be ashamed to show your face around here,  at the governor.She s not wrong, Scott has done many, many horrible things to the people of his state. He refused to expand Medicaid to nearly a million of the state s working poor. He changed hospital rules for one of his donors who ran a medical center with an extremely high infant mortality rate.  He has attacked women at every turn, most recently with an unconstitutional anti-abortion bill.On Wednesday, Governor Scott s office issued a statement saying: People with radical views tend to not like civil debate. A self-proclaimed anarchist rudely yelled and cursed at the Governor. She also refused to Pledge Allegiance to the flag. It s a free country, but it s not at all surprising that an anarchist prefers shouting over conversation. What? That s his response? Jennings didn t stand for the Pledge, seriously?Jennings, a former Lake Worth city commissioner, was asked what she thinks of Scott s bizarre allegations and she said that sometimes she recited it, sometimes she didn t: I was never disrespectful about it, but I was never an avid Pledge leader,  she said. But I don t know how that bears any impact on if I critique his policies or not. How is it relevant if I say the Pledge? It has absolutely nothing to do with her critiques of his policies, but he is doing what Republicans often do when confronted: he s deflecting. Scott is not the kind of guy who feels like he should ever have to answer for anything he does. A prime example of this was when his former company Columbia/HCA defrauded the federal government out of millions of dollars with the biggest Medicare fraud in history and when he was asked about it, he invoked the 5th Amendment 75 times.So, his current deflection is, really, just more of the same from Florida s biggest mistake.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
7046, Bernie Sanders’ Campaign Is What New York Is All About,"Millions of immigrants came to America through Ellis Island in New York City and were greeted by the Statue of Liberty. They came with hopes for a better life, to a place where big dreams are encouraged because with hard work, and determination, those dreams can come true in New York. These big dreams are emblematic of Bernie Sanders  campaign message. Throughout his political career, he has demonstrated the honesty, integrity and work ethic required to turn ideas into reality. The story of a lower-middle class Jewish Brooklyn kid becoming mayor of a city in Vermont by ten votes after rigorous grassroots organizing, defying the odds stacked against him by getting elected to congress as an Independent, and managing to serve there for over 25 years shows the kind of tenacity that makes New Yorkers stand apart. New York is where the most ambitious and driven go to change the world, and that s what Bernie Sanders  campaign is looking to do, not just continue with the status quo. New Yorkers are people who dared to take a risk or do whatever it takes to see their dreams come true. People still come to New York with the New York State of Mind,  if they can make it here they can make it anywhere. Bernie Sanders  campaign has grown from a point where most Americans had never heard of him to millions of Americans participating in the political process, many for the first time, through working with one another and talking to one another about the issues Bernie Sanders has been addressing. Rather than rely on wealthy corporate donors or the mainstream media to spread the message of the campaign, Bernie Sanders has relied on everyday Americans and their resiliency to keep fighting despite the odds stacked against them by the establishment. Popular consensus thought it was unrealistic to think Bernie Sanders could ever challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination, but his campaign has overcome the adversity of those notions and is transforming the country s political landscape.New Yorkers know all about resiliency and coming together in the face of adversity. After the terrorist attacks on 9/11, New York led the way in bringing Americans together, helping to rebuild what was lost, banding together to move forward to a better, safer future. New Yorkers showed the world their resiliency once again in response to Hurricane Sandy, when New Yorkers who still had electricity and water unabated, lent a helping hand to their neighbors.In a world where violence and tragedy are covered daily in mainstream media, New Yorkers have shown the world time and again good prevails against evil. In 2010, New Yorker s stories began to be encapsulated by the Humans of New York project, cataloging the diversity and beauty of New Yorkers for the world to see. It s known as the greatest city in the world because of its history, diversity, and character, which all attest to the greatest achievements of mankind.Many of the nation s historic battles with the labor movement took place in New York. Samuel Gompers, a New York native, was the American Federation of Labor s first president, called New York City,  the cradle of the American Labor Movement.  That labor movement brought America the 40-hour work week, and drastically improved working conditions and labor laws. Today in New York, labor unions maintain more membership and power than any other state in the country. No other presidential candidate has been fighting for workers  rights to the extent Bernie Sanders has.In October 2015, Bernie Sanders was the only candidate who took time off from campaigning to join a picket line with Verizon workers and union members in New York City who were fighting for a fair contract and to have an employee who was fired for leading an organizing campaign reinstated. He is the only presidential candidate who supports a $15 minimum wage, and only his economic policies go far enough to help rebuild the working and middle classes in this country. The average American has not had an increase in pay in 15 years, but things have cost more in the marketplaces. He has been in a recession for 15 years, nothing has changed for him. Up at the top, we re not in a recession, but 80 percent of the Americans have been in a recession for at least 15 years,  said New York native and Godfather of Wall Street, Asher Edelman, in an interview on CNBC Fast Money.Edelman endorsed Bernie Sanders on the show: If you look at something called velocity of money, that means how much gets spent and turns around,  he said.  When you have the top 1 percent getting money, they spend five to ten percent of what they earn, when you have the lower end of the economy they spend 100 or 110 percent of what they earn. As you ve had a transfer of wealth and income to the top, you have a shrinking consumer base basically and a shrinking velocity of money. Bernie is the only person out there who I think is talking at all about both fiscal stimulation and banking rules that will get the banks to generate lending again as opposed to speculation, so from an economic point its straight forward. Bernie Sanders campaign is what New York is all about. New York is dubbed the  Empire State  not because of its millionaires, billionaires, and corporations, but because its wealth lies in its diversity, character, ambition, and resources which are all quintessentially American.Bernie Sanders  popularity has manifested in the form of record attendances at his campaign rallies and an overtaking of the internet by his supporters because his campaign has that same addictive energy as New York. The people are what are driving Bernie Sanders campaign, and the people are what make New York so great. Hard working Americans have been devoting both contributions and their free time to the campaign because the ideology behind Bernie Sanders  campaign is a future Americans can believe in, and millions of Americans are willing to put in the work to achieve it.Featured image via Flickr",0
7047, Ivanka Trump-Branded Cheapo Scarves Recalled Because They Can Easily Burst Into Flames,"Ivanka Trump s stab at using her dad s name to sell cheap products made in Chinese factories isn t going well. Not only is it only highlighting the hypocrisy of Donald Trump claiming to bring back jobs from China, according to a new recall order, at least some of the clothing can literally kill you.The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is begging hapless consumers to return the nearly 20,000 Ivanka Trump brand scarves they have have purchased recently. They do not meet the U.S. Flammability Standard and pose a serious  burn risk  if exposed to heat. In other words, the scarf around your neck could combust, making your head into a terrifying fireball. Death by Trump product.The CPSC s spokesperson didn t mince words: This is a dangerous product. He urged customers to get rid of the scarves immediately. Trump s business partners at Global Brands Group said it was complying with the recall.Donald Trump has run his campaign on frequent attacks on China and a promise to bring jobs back to America. He has several times expressed the desire to launch a trade war with the country, despite economists warning it could hurl the world back into a global recession, and possibly lead to something approaching armed conflict. Experts don t know whether to laugh or cry. I think in order to qualify as a coherent set of policies, the policies have to not be cartoonish and the policies have to stand some chance of being actually enacted, and I just don t think Mr. Trump s trade policies meet either of those criteria,  said Michael Strain, resident scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.But while spiraling the world into economic ruin, Trump will no doubt continue to have personal business dealings with Chinese factories. After all, he s made a lot of money by paying Chinese workers next to nothing to manufacture cheapo clothing he can sell in American stores. His entire business model depends on it.This recall is a reminder that Trump s fans are getting what they pay for. A product made to look classy, but really a cheap imitator with little quality and could quite possibly kill you. You might even say there is a good metaphor in there somewhere.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images ",0
7048, ‘Daily Show’ DESTROYS Transphobic Republicans For Their Ridiculous Bathroom Bills (VIDEO),"On Wednesday night, Daily Show correspondent Jessica Williams took on the absolutely ridiculous  bathroom bills  that GOP lawmakers have made their focus in their quest to harass and discriminate against the LGBT community. It seems that the more visibility that the transgender community gets, the more energy Republican legislators put into proposing anti-transgender bills to police what bathrooms they can and can t use.To try to understand exactly why this is, Williams spoke to several trans people and one of their biggest opponents, Chaplain and state Rep. Gordon Klingenschmitt (R-CO). Williams confronted the transphobic lawmaker about his belief that transgender people are merely  confused,  and completely destroyed him. In expressing his asinine and twisted religious beliefs, Klingenschmitt told Williams just why transgender people were such a threat to the rest of the country: They not only want to be confused about their own identity, but they want the rest of us to be confused with them. Now they want the government to join them on that pretense? They re making us into liars. Interesting   because when Williams actually asked trans people what they wanted, all they said was respect. They weren t trying to  confuse  or trick anyone about their identity, and insisted that their gender identity was not actually a choice (research can confirm this).Klingenschmitt wanted to go more into the discussion of religion, but insisted on changing first. He said: I would be comfortable talking about religious freedom, but I have to change into my alter ego. Williams waited for him  to transition so he would feel more comfortable during our interview,  while Klingenschmitt remained completely clueless to how ironic the situation had become.When Williams questioned Klingenschmitt about why he was so passionate about passing transphobic legislation, he replied: I mean, that is perversion. It s people who label themselves as transgender for the purpose of getting that access to violate the rights of others. Williams then targeted his role as a chaplain and asked him,  Is it fair to say that if you re a priest you re a pedophile?  Klingenschmitt said no, and Williams asked him why. He replied: Because some people are criminals, and some people are not criminals. Klingenschmitt then said he was unable to apply that same logic to the trans community because  they re apples and oranges. Williams was able to gather that Klingenschmitt s concern was that policies allowing trans women to use bathrooms that match their gender identity would result in sexual assault   even though there have literally been NO reported instances where sexual assault has happened as a result of this.You can watch her dismantle the GOP s anti-trans panic below:The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video Archive Featured image via screen capture",0
7049, Bill O’Reilly DESTROYS Donald Trump In A Rant That Shakes Fox News (VIDEO),"In growing signs that rumors of a Fox News split on GOP frontrunner Donald Trump are true, Bill O Reilly is the latest Fox News heavyweight to take a swing at the Trump Campaign. The O Reilly Factor host described the behavior of Donald Trump as  not presidential,  and called on the campaign to  stop the nonsense. O Reilly starts with Trump s response to losing to Ted Cruz in Wisconsin, which for those who missed it, was to issue an aggressive statement denouncing  Lyin Ted : Last night after losing Wisconsin, Trump issued a statement calling Ted Cruz names. Not Presidential. Not a smart move.Seems the Trump campaign is confused.We were hoping the candidate would appear on the Factor this evening, we negotiated with his team for days. But he declined.That of course, is his prerogative. Apparently there is angst in the Trump campaign because Charles Krauthammer sometimes hammers Trump on the Factor. So that s what has driven the Trump Campaign into a frenzy. Like any playground battle amongst toddlers, it is all about who is hanging out with whom. O Reilly is known to have Pulitzer prize-winning columnist Charles Krauthammer on his show fairly frequently, but Krauthammer hates Donald trump, which means the Trump campaign hates Charles Krauthammer and everyone is now throwing sand in each other s faces.And just to reassure you: if this all sounds like the sort of immature behavior that is demeaning to the office for which Donald Trump is running, you re right   it is. But this is the gutter into which the Republican party has dragged itself in recent years, and where it may well die in its own juices.In a week where Greg Gutfeld and Megyn Kelly gave powerful denunciations of Donald Trump and their colleagues who soft pedal interviews and debates with him, O Reilly stepped up with some home truths of his own. The veteran host made it absolutely clear that his team would not be intimidated by the schoolyard bully tactics of the Trump campaign, drawing a clear line in the sand. We have been very fair very fair to Donald Trump on this program, but that does not mean we ll not criticize him or cancel guests who have a dim view of him. O Reilly goes on to demand the Trump campaign  stop the nonsense  and learn to answer fair questions directly, because it will be the only way he gain the support to win. His current level of support  not nearly enough to secure him the White House. Ouch. It seems the Trump campaign is busy alienating every friend it ever made, by demanding an exclusivity of pro-Trump content  or else. Donald Trump was clearly watching the show, as he took to Twitter immediately to refute O Reilly with a one-liner   totally proving O Reilly s point.I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 7, 2016This could spell the beginning of the end for Donald Trump, the trust fund tycoon who has no place in the Oval Office.Featured image via screengrab",0
7050, Hooray For ‘Justice’: Coal CEO Sentenced To One ENTIRE Year In Jail For Killing 29 Men,"Six years ago, the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia exploded and killed 29 men. Investigations found a systemic effort to ignore safety regulations that directly caused the  accident  and that effort was directed by Donald L. Blankenship. Usually in these cases, the company is slapped with an insultingly small fine, condolences are delivered and business continues as usual.This time was different. Felony charges were brought against Blankenship and, unbelievably, he was convicted of deliberately violating the safety measures that led to 29 deaths. It was a shocking verdict even though the jury inexplicably acquitted him of the more serious charges.But today, it s back to business as usual as Blankenship was sentenced to a whole whopping year in jail and fined $250,000. That s 12 days and $8,620 for each life he stole away from the families and loved ones of the victims. That s what human life is worth these days, apparently.Oh, and he s completely unrepentant:Mr. Blankenship said,  My main point is wanting to express sorrow to the families and everyone for what happened.  As he spoke, relatives of dead miners cried in the courtroom s gallery, and one wiped her face with a crumpled piece of paper.Mr. Blankenship, however, was also defiant and told Judge Berger,  It s important to me that everyone knows that I am not guilty of a crime. No, it s important that everyone know you are the very worst capitalism has to offer.His lawyers are already hard at work getting his sentence reduced to probation and it s unlikely he ll serve a single day. Oh, and Blankenship is worth over $14 million so $250,000 really is just a slap on the wrist.In a country that sends people to prison for decades for smoking marijuana in their home, this ridiculous sentence once again demonstrates that there are two different justice systems: One for you and me that locks us up for no reason so someone can profit, and one for the people who profit that never get locked up for any reason at all.Fuck this country.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
7051, Ann Coulter Just Made The Most Despicable Claim About Hispanics In Defense Of Trump (VIDEO),"In response to Trump s outrageous remarks about abortion, Ann Coulter upped the ante by claiming that the border wall will cut the abortion rate by keeping  Latin American rape culture  out of the nation.Two days after calling Trump s idea to punish women for choosing to have an abortion  fabulous,  Coulter appeared for an interview with MSNBC host Chris Matthews and not only doubled down, but entwined abortion, rape, and immigration into one big offensive remark that should cost the Republican Party the votes of Hispanics and women for generations.Coulter attacked Ted Cruz for portraying Trump as a pro-choice supporter of universal healthcare before chiming in on abortion and how it s not an issue the president should get involved with. If Donald Trump was running for state legislature in the year 2060 after Roe v. Wade was overturned and happens to be in a place that will pass those laws, that s a relevant question,  she said.But then Coulter went off the rails completely by claiming that Hispanic immigrants are rapists who are responsible for the number of women who need abortion services. The solution, Coulter insisted, is Trump s proposed wall between Mexico and the United States. I think I d be a lot more upset that women are going to get a lot more abortions if we don t close our border with Mexico and bring in all of Latin American rape culture. Coulter went on to claim that Trump is the guy to vote for if women want a president who will protect them.Here s the video via YouTube.First off, if women want a candidate who has their best interests at heart, Donald Trump is most certainly not the candidate they should support. Trump has already suggested punishing women who seek an abortion, which alone should be enough to prove that he doesn t give a damn about women.Furthermore, Coulter repeated Trump s racist accusation that all Hispanic immigrants are rapists, only she added to it by claiming that they re responsible for women needing abortions.In short, Republicans should be scared to death because their front-runner has just pissed off both Hispanics and women like no candidate has ever done before. Even Ted Cruz has waded into the abortion debate by telling Fox host Megyn Kelly that he wants to force rape victims to carry their rapist s baby to term instead of giving them access to abortion. So Cruz is no better than Trump when it comes down to it.The bottom line is that this is by far the most despicable remark made by Trump or one of his supporters during this election cycle and it should cost the GOP dearly in November. Featured image via screenshot",0
7052," Ellen Absolutely DESTROYS Mississippi, Their Governor, And Ridiculous New Anti-Gay Law (VIDEO)","The new, ridiculous anti-LGBT law that Mississippi just passed and signed into law is not only discriminatory, but the opposite of freedom despite being labeled a  religious freedom  law. The only  freedom  it grants is for religious zealots to legally discriminate and fire people for being gay, as well as turn them away from their businesses, very reminiscent of Jim Crow era laws.Knowing how horrific these sort of laws are, and being on the receiving end of being fired for being gay, Ellen DeGeneres took a moment on her show to talk about the new Mississippi law. She said she s  not a political person,  but stated  when I see something wrong, I have to talk about it,  so she did.Ellen said of the law: It s the very definition of discrimination. It s also something that the Supreme Court already ruled on when they made marriage a right for everyone, everyone. Then jokingly added: They re Supreme. I mean, that s the best you can get. Like the Nacho Supreme from Taco Bell. However, she took a very serious tone talking about her own experiences being discriminated against, but coming out on top in the end. If you re in Mississippi or North Carolina or anywhere and you re saddened by the fact that people are judging you based on who you love, don t lose hope. I was fired for being gay, and I know what it feels like. I lost everything. But look at me now. The crowd then erupts into cheers, with Ellen perfectly adding: I could buy that governor s mansion, flip it, and make a $7 million dollar profit. But really driving home the point that what we really, truly need in this world is  less hate and more love. And she couldn t be more right.Thank you, Ellen. You re spot-on as usual, and hopefully Mississippi takes notice.Watch the segment here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
7053, WATCH: Cop Caught On Video Body-Slamming 12-Year-Old Girl,"A Texas cop is under fire after video surfaced showing him body slamming a 12-year-old girl to the ground. Joshua Kehm is a uniformed police officer working for the San Antonio Independent School District at Rhodes Middle School.The incident happened on March 29, and was captured by a student on her cell phone.In the video, a uniformed officer is seen struggling with a girl, then slamming her to the ground. The officer appears to handcuff the girl before having her stand and leading her away.Gloria Valdez, the 12-year-old girl s mother, told CBS affiliate KENS it was completely uncalled for. Supposedly he was threatened by her that she kicked him, but in the video her legs never went up,  Valdez said.Valdez s daughter did not want to go on camera but told KENS that she was having a conversation with another girl when a crowd surrounded them. She said that s when the officer put his hands on her.The mother told a local TV station that the slam was so vicious that her daughter lost consciousness, and doesn t remember being handcuffed by the cop. She also reportedly has bruises from the confrontation.The school district has suspended the officer, and a spokesperson told the TV station,  we are not going to tolerate excessive force in our district. The video is the latest in an unsettling series of videos, often recorded by students themselves, showing police officers using what appears to be excessive force to subdue children. The videos, which have often gone viral on YouTube and other social media, have helped to create a backlash against so-called  zero tolerance  policies that became popular in the early to mid-1990s.At the same time, rather than admit that the videos show a disturbing pattern, some police unions and conservative politicians have supported legislation that criminalizes recording police, rather than assessing the obvious problem of poor police training and behavior.Featured image via YouTube",0
7054, Sander’s Campaign Manager Literally Stole An ‘Onion’ Story To Throw Clinton Under The Bus (VIDEO),"In what seems to be another misspeak moment for the Sanders  campaign, Bernie s campaign manager Jeff Weaver appeared on CNN and completely stuck his foot in his mouth for going after Hillary Clinton s ambition to be president. I mean, is she not supposed to be ambitious? Wouldn t ambition be a good quality in a leader? Someone that wants to get the job done?Weaver said: Don t destroy the Democratic Party to satisfy the secretary s ambitions to become president of the United States. What he probably doesn t realize, in his ridiculously sexist remark, is the fact that he just directly ripped off an article from  The Onion  that was written back in 2006 before Hillary s first run at the White House.That story, literally titled  Hillary Clinton Is Too Ambitious To Be The First Female President  was of course making a parody of sorts and went after folks who thought it wise to go after Clinton for having the audacity to run for president. They said: I think it s about time we had a female president of the United States. I don t care what anyone says: Women can be just as smart and qualified as men especially the clowns we ve had in Washington lately. But Hillary Clinton? She s just a little too ambitious to do what no woman before her has ever done.Hillary seems to think she knows what our country needs better than anyone else, and believes that she, among the hundreds or thousands of qualified politicians, is the only one who can do it. Is that really the sort of person we want at the helm of our federal government? Also saying: Hillary doesn t shy away from tough situations, as she proved with her health- care proposal during her husband s first term. She likes to tackle the hard problems, no matter how entrenched the current failing system seems to be. Is it just me, or should the woman who  overturns a 230-year-old tradition not have such a tendency to rock the boat?Hillary has some very strong opinions, and she certainly doesn t hesitate to voice them. She s got an entire website dedicated to her positions on every last little thing. In debates, she always wants to have the last word. She s in love with the sound of her own voice. That s not the sort of person who should be in politics, much less the White House.Do we really want the first woman leading the free world to be such an outright take-charge type? Basically saying everything that every man has ever done who s ever run for office, but you know, since it s Hillary, well then she s  too ambitious. Now, let it be known that Weaver is not Sanders, and Sanders did not say this. However, this sort of talk doesn t make the candidate look good and should likely be reined in a tad. Maybe by Tad?C mon, Weaver, this is just awful.Here s the video via The Hill: Featured photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
7055, Michigan Governor Gets Slammed With Racketeering Lawsuit For Running Flint Like Corrupt Business,"If Michigan s embattled Republican governor thought he could simply keep his head down and he would be off the hook for what his administration did to (and didn t do for) the city of Flint, then he just got a very rude awakening. Rick Snyder and several of his staffers were just served notice that they were being sued for a  pattern of racketeering activity. The lawsuit stems from a group of 15 Flint residents who saw the lack of action being taken at the criminal level and decided to seek damages at the civil one. Snyder now faces a RICO suit, the same typically used to take down corporations committing fraud and organized crime done by mobsters. Ironically, it s Snyder s conservative philosophy of treating his governance like running a business that may be his undoing. He wants to run the state like a business,  attorney Marc J. Bern said of Snyder.  Well. The citizens of Flint, as shareholders in the corporation of the state of Michigan, I don t think they were treated in an appropriate way. The lawsuit alleges that officials misrepresented the suitability of the Flint River water as the city s drinking water source for roughly two years and billed Flint residents at rates that were the highest in the nation for water that was unusable, resulting in the city s budget deficit being reversed.At first blush, using the RICO act, to go after a sitting governor seems like a stretch, but Snyder has always stressed how he hated government and considered himself more of a facilitator of private industry. To prove it, one of his first acts after being elected in 2010 was to give enormous tax breaks to his rich friends. In that light, proving greed-motivated gross negligence, and potentially willful deception, at the hands of Snyder s administration shouldn t be very difficult. Through emails, it s clear that both Snyder and the people who worked for him were very aware of problems with Flint s water. At the same time, the group made very little attempt to hide the fact that they hoped skimping on Flint s water safety would save them a few bucks in the long run. It was all part of that business-first mindset that Snyder trumpeted during election years.As The Washington Post put it:Snyder, a former accountant and venture capitalist whose Twitter handle is @onetoughnerd, took office in 2011 promising to fix the state s many financial problems by applying the expertise of outsiders who could reinvent the way government works. In Flint, where poverty had deepened after the departure of much of the auto industry, he appointed a series of emergency managers whose authority superseded even that of the elected city council.With his unelected cronies in place, Snyder focused on profit margins rather than the welfare of his state s residents. And to absolutely nobody s shock, the plan came back to backfire   hurting Michigan s most vulnerable. Now he s being accused of the same crimes that took down the mafia. Should Snyder ever wind up behind bars, it s likely he would fit right in.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
7056, Am I Voting For Hillary Because She’s A Woman? Here’s Your Answer (VIDEO),"When approached by countless people if I m a Hillary supporter, I will reply,  yes.  However, this is usually followed up with,  is it because she s a woman?  Which is the most absurd thing I ve ever heard. Sure, I m excited for the possibility of the first-ever female president, but in all honesty, it comes down to experience and ability to get the job done, which she has done time and time again throughout her career.Being tired of this question being posed, and having a decent size Facebook audience to deliver my message, I took to my page to lay out my answer once and for all.Here s my response: I can t tell you how many times I ve been asked,  are you voting for Hillary because she s a woman?  Well, to that I have to say,  no,  but if you re going ask, with that criteria, if I m voting for Hillary just because she s a woman, well, I m going to assume you re not voting for her just because she s a woman. And if you use the same attacks that Republicans have been using against her for decades, well, that means you re really no better than a Republican. And if you use her voting record against her, but then willfully ignore Bernie s anti-gun reform votes   well, sorry, you re a hypocrite. And if Hillary is the nominee this November and you refuse to vote for a Democrat or you refuse to vote, you might as well be voting for a Republican. As far as experience, don t even go there. She s clearly the most qualified person for the job. So no, I m not voting for Hillary because she s a woman. I m voting for her because she s the best damn person for the job. However, how revolutionary would it be to finally have the first woman president? It s pretty badass. And as I was going to keep this solely to my page it became apparent when Hillary was accused of ruining the Democratic party with her ambition, that this really needed to be seen again, because that is a ridiculously sexist remark. I mean, how dare a woman have the audacity to be ambitious enough to seek the White House. Is that ever asked of men? Is it? No, it s not.So no, I m not voting for Hillary because she s a woman, but I sure as hell am voting for a woman with ambition and the go-get-it attitude that she has displayed throughout her entire career. But let it be known, that if she s not the nominee for any reason, I will vote blue no matter who, because I m able to be an adult and realize the needs of the country are far more important than just the needs of my ideal candidate winning, and if a Republican wins, we all lose. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ <span>(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I can t begin to tell you how many times I ve been asked by Bernie supporters if I m voting for Hillary  just because she s a woman,  so, to make things easier, here s my response.Posted by Opinionated Democrat on Tuesday, February 9, 2016Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
7057, Beyoncé Just Let Us Know Her True Feelings On The Police And She’s Not Apologizing,"After Beyonc  released her song  Formation  and then performed it at the Super Bowl, it left many reactionary conservatives attacking her for being anti-police. However, she s now clearing the air once and for all, and has something very important to say.Beyonc  told Elle in a recent interview: I mean, I m an artist and I think the most powerful art is usually misunderstood. But anyone who perceives my message as anti-police is completely mistaken. I have so much admiration and respect for officers and the families of officers who sacrifice themselves to keep us safe. Although, she s not apologizing for putting the spotlight on police brutality, especially how much they ve gone after people of color. She said: But let s be clear: I am against police brutality and injustice. Those are two separate things. If celebrating my roots and culture during Black History Month made anyone uncomfortable, those feelings were there long before a video and long before me. I m proud of what we created and I m proud to be a part of a conversation that is pushing things forward in a positive way. And she is absolutely correct. Police brutality and injustice are very real, and need to be talked about as part of the national conversation. Nothing is going to change if we ignore the problem and submit to the status quo. Far too many people of color are being gunned down in the streets, or taken into custody for literally no good reason, but rather for just existing while black, and several people have actually died in custody. It s not okay. It s never okay. And it needs to be discussed.Good on Beyonc  for speaking up, speaking her mind, and not backing down. She s absolutely on point and her bravery for bringing police brutality into the national spotlight in such a widespread way should be applauded, not torn down by people scared to see the truth.Featured Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images",0
7058, Daily Show Finds Disturbing Comment Donald Trump Made About His Daughter In 1994,"On Tuesday, April 5th, the Daily Show with Trevor Noah surfaced a 1994 video clip from the show,  Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.  The host of the show asked Donald Trump and his wife at the time, Marla Maples, about their hopes for their 1-year-old baby daughter. Donald Trump s response was totally creepy. Well, I think that she s got a lot of Marla, she s a really beautiful baby, and she s, uh, she s got Marla s legs. We don t know whether or not she s got this part yet,  Trump said regarding his wife s chest,  but time will tell. His wife at the time nervously laughed at Donald Trump s inappropriate comment.The Daily Show aired this clip in a line with several other overtly sexist comments Donald Trump has made about women. In addition to his abrasive relationship with Fox News Host Megyn Kelly, the current Republican front runner for the presidential nomination has criticized former Republican candidate Carly Fiorina for her looks, condescendingly belittled other reporters, made sexist remarks towards Hillary Clinton, Arianna Huffington Heidi Klum, his ex-wives, women on his TV show, Celebrity Apprentice, and countless others.In 2013, he tweeted that women should expect sexual assault in the military, and wrote in a book published in 2006 women are basically objects meant to look good. Beauty and elegance, whether in a woman, a building, or a work of art, is not just superficial or something pretty to see,  he wrote.Donald Trump s record of overt sexism is endless and spans his entire life in the public eye. He can t seem to get through an interview without making some sort of sexist remark or conclusion, and the scariest part is millions of his supporters agree and applaud every single word he says. The fight for gender equality still has many obstacles to overcome and the condoning of Donald Trump s behavior by his supporters and those in the media who don t bother to acknowledge and criticize it bring those obstacles out into the open for the public to see. As feminists, which every Democrat should consider themselves to be, we need to ensure sexism isn t dismissed or neglected as acceptable or commonplace, rather these sexists, especially ones with such a platform as Donald Trump, need to be engaged and held accountable for their remarks.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7059, WATCH: New Yorkers Send Donald Trump A POWERFUL Message That All Americans Need To Hear,"Most Americans are perplexed that the frontrunner of a major party for president of the United States is a guy like Donald Trump, with the even less impressive and quite creepy Ted Cruz coming in at second. These last few months have also left much of the world questioning how America, which has historically stood for many good things, can have someone like Donald Trump on the cusp of the Republican nomination. Yet, despite the fact that Trump has truly shown the ugly side of America, there s also a wonderful and inspiring side, with great values that are inherent in a great people.That was all on display in a powerful message that New York voters, who will be going to the polls on April 19th, sent to Donald Trump, America, and the world. Simply stated, the message was that Donald Trump s values are not the values of America.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPY1vQoT5wU] While it s true that America has many problems to overcome like racism, income equality, we are a society that dehumanizes women, and our politicians religiously support apartheid and racism in Israel, we are a work in progress and we can be better and many of us truly work to be better.Donald Trump and the rest of the GOP clowns running for the nomination are all that s ugly in America. It s an America that the majority of us try to improve. Having one of these people as president would not only normalize this ugliness, but it will make it worse. That s why it s vital that the majority of the American people, who actually reject these clowns, go out and vote come November. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7060, GOP Congressman Secretly Scrubbed This Embarrassing Info From His Wikipedia Page (IMAGE),"A Republican member of Congress was caught scrubbing his Wikipedia page of potentially embarrassing information, including his affiliation with a cult. Rep. David Jolly s (FL) congressional campaign was caught in the act. Jolly is running to replace Senator Marco Rubio after his failed presidential campaign.A spokesman for Rep. David Jolly (R-FL) told BuzzFeed News on Tuesday that the campaign removed certain information, including references to the Church of Scientology, that once appeared on Jolly s Wikipedia page.Spokeswoman Sarah Bascom confirmed to BuzzFeed that the campaign took off parts of the Wikipedia entry that told of Jolly s ties to Scientology. The campaign also removed references to Jolly s past career as a lobbyist and his past positions on gay marriage, according to the report.Jolly told a local newspaper the attempt to hide the information was a  careless staff mistake,  but the incident follows a pattern of politicians and their underlings attempting to remove information from the heavily trafficked encyclopedia site. Corporations have also previously been caught attempting to remove unflattering information or add PR fluff to the site as well.The information Jolly tried to remove has been restored, with a sentence noting:Jolly s relationship with the Church of Scientology, which is based inside his congressional district in Clearwater, Florida, has been reported on in the press, including Jolly s attendance at various fundraising events hosted by the organization.Via TheLipTV, here is the invitation for the Scientology fundraiser for Florida attorney general Pam Bondi involving David Jolly that his campaign tried to hide:David Jolly Scientology InvitationThe Daily Beast reported on Jolly s ties to Scientology in a story headlined  Scientology Could Get Its Own Senator.  In addition to Jolly s fundraising connection to the group, his wife was slated to be a model in a charity fashion show for the group, and the treasurer for his PAC is on the board of a group founded by Scientologists.Jolly is perhaps trying to avoid connections to Scientology due to their well-documented history of harassment campaigns against defectors, practices involving disconnecting members from their families, or their belief in alien involvement in world affairs.Featured image via screencapture",0
7061, A Former President Of Mexico Is THANKING Donald Trump For His ‘Racist’ Ideas – Here’s Why (VIDEO),"Vicente Fox, the former president of Mexico who served from 2000 to 2006, has spoken openly about his disdain for Republican front-runner Donald Trump before, but this time he has a special message to give the business mogul.In an op-ed The Guardian released on Wednesday, Fox actually thanked Trump for his  disgraceful and highly offensive language,  while also brutally condemning the racist, vulgar candidate. In the column entitled  Let s raise our voices against this dictator, Donald Trump, Fox wrote: Trump has said Mexicans are the problem, calling us rapists and criminals. He thinks building the  Trump Wall  will right every wrong in the United States. Indeed, he s built a huge mental wall around himself already, which doesn t allow him to see the greatness of our people.Despite that, I want to thank him for his racist and ignorant ideas. Thanks to them, Mexico is in the global spotlight; every day, more and more people inside and outside the United States are realizing the decent way Mexicans live their lives. Fox then gave some amazing examples about how Trump s hate speech has actually helped to elevate the success of the Mexicans Trump spends so much time insulting: This year, a Mexican cinematographer won his third Academy Award in a row. In science and technology, a number of young and bright Mexicans won the International Robotics Tournament in 2015. And in Silicon Valley, one of the key advisers during the creation of Google was a Mexican professor: Hector Garc a Molina. Fox went further and condemned Trump s hateful rhetoric as a  lose-lose  proposition, stating that isolating immigrants will only hurt America, as they have already contributed so much to this country   something that Trump conveniently ignores whenever he s in anti-immigrant mode (even though he himself has relied on many immigrants to run his businesses and properties). Fox said: He says that he ll make America great again, but I believe he s only making it worse. America is already great, largely thanks to the hard work and perseverance of immigrants from all over the world who made it their home. Did you know that 40% of the Fortune 500 companies in the United States have been founded by immigrants? You can read the entire scathing message to Trump here.It s honestly always a pleasure whenever Fox attacks Trump   he never disappoints. Fox s criticism is consistently dead-on, like the time that he said Trump reminded him of Hitler, or when he epically shut down Trump s idea that Mexico would pay for his stupid  f*cking wall  (which is so great, you can watch it below if you haven t seen it already):Fox ends his op-ed with a powerful call-to-action to all immigrants, Americans and people around the world to resist Trump and his divisive rhetoric: I ask every Mexican, inside and outside our country, every American and the rest of the world to stand together. Let us not divide our dreams and opportunities; let us be inspired by compassion and true leadership. Let s raise our voice against this dictator and together let s walk towards harmony and prosperity all over the globe. Featured image via Vicente Fox Twitter",0
7062," Ted Cruz Arrives In The Bronx Only To Put Down New Yorkers, Tosses Protester Who Speaks Up","You ve honestly got to be a special kind of stupid to go into the Bronx in your effort to try to win New York, and then double-down on putting New Yorkers down for their supposed  values.  However, there Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz was, in all his creepy glory, again going after  New York values. When asked to elaborate on what he meant, he said: Those are the values, the values of the New York liberal politicians that have been hammering the people of this great state. And he especially went after New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, saying: Every time there is a confrontation between criminals and cops he sides with the criminals, looters and rioters instead of the police officers. Which is just a flat-out lie, but he s clearly trying to cater to a crowd outside of New York, and completely giving up on any chance as winning the state over Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump. However, Cruz did take the opportunity to try to bash Trump when he said,  If you want to know what liberal democratic values are, follow Donald Trump s checkbook. Donald Trump has been funding those liberal democratic politicians.  Which may very well be true, but those  liberal politicians  keep winning, because they are clearly favored over smarmy, pretentious, wannabe  Christian  conservatives who think they ve been appointed by God to run the nation. Conservatives like Cruz.One protester, clearly fed up with the arrogance and idiocy of Cruz even being there said,  You re running on an anti-immigrant platform, and you re speaking in the Bronx. You should not be here.  The Bronx, of course, being home to thousands of immigrants, and has been for over a century.Not liking to be interrupted, Republican staffers had this protester removed, but according to the NY Daily News, it seems the protester got his fair share of applause for speaking up.Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. said: Ted Cruz is a hypocrite. He not only offended New Yorkers, he offended Bronxites, and now he s here today in New York and in the Bronx looking for money and votes. We in the Bronx know how offensive he s been. We know the truth about our borough. Cruz just being there is an insult in and of itself. Who the hell does he think he is to come into the Bronx seeking support, but then continue to put New Yorkers down? That protester was absolutely right, he shouldn t have even been there.Featured Photo by Kyle Rivas/Getty Images",0
7063, Watch Giddy Republican Congressman Confirm Voter ID Is Meant To Hurt Democrats (VIDEO),"A giddy Wisconsin Republican Congressman was perhaps still buzzing from Ted Cruz s victory in the state s primary when he accidentally let the cat out of the bag about his party s use of voter ID laws. Speaking with a reporter at Serb Hall, where Cruz delivered his victory speech, Rep. Glenn Grothman said he was very confident about his party s chances in November because they have voter ID laws as the ace up their sleeve.For those wondering why this is a big deal, please remember that Republicans have repeatedly tried to keep this obvious fact under the radar. Thanks to Grothman the bell has been rung. The genie is out of the bottle. Republicans are using racist and discriminatory laws of their own design to keep Democrats away from the polls as a pillar of their election strategy.When asked about a Republican nominee s chances in a general election, Grothman didn t hesitate to give credit where it was due: His party s efforts to make it harder to vote. Well, I think Hillary Clinton is about the weakest candidate the Democrats have ever put up and now we have photo ID. I think photo ID is going to a little bit of a difference as well. This confirms what many political observers have been saying all along. The Republicans who push for stronger voter ID laws under the pretext to stop (nonexistent) voter fraud are using it as a cudgel to strongarm Democratic voters out of the voting booths. Given the fact that these laws almost invariably affect poor, often minority voters, this means two things: Democrats are being prevented for voting for the candidates who they would like to, and Republicans can continue to ignore the plight of the poor because they have been systematically disenfranchised.It s particularly unsurprising that a state run by a guy like Gov. Scott Walker (R) would have lawmakers actively salivating about disenfranchising people. His administration has never been one to dwell on actual democracy. A deeply unpopular governor, Walker managed to escape a strong impeachment effort by flooding his recall opposition campaign warchest with out-of-state dollars from conservative groups. It s Walker s administration which has been the most passionate about getting Voter ID laws in place: Their jobs literally depend on it.Thanks to Rep. Grothman, we know now without question that this is an intentional tactic used by a quickly disintegrating political party to cling onto power.Featured image via YouTube",0
7064, Study Shows ‘Profound’ Negative Impact Of Religion On Gender Pay Gap,"No matter how much Republicans and Fox News say otherwise, there is an unmistakable pay gap between men and women in America. There are a few legitimate reasons (childbirth/child rearing) but a lot more illegitimate ones (women aren t as hard working/they re too emotional/not as smart). But another, more fundamental, reason has been identified by two researchers:According to Travis Wiseman, director of the International Business program at Mississippi State University, and Nabamita Dutta of the University of Wisconsin, researchers have largely ignored the cultural factors that shape gender roles in the workplace. As the two researchers note in a recent working paper, there has been little attention given to one cultural factor in particular: religiosity.Yes, it s our old friend religion that s contributed to racism, anti-LGBT bigotry and bucket-loads of misogyny. Now it s helping suppress economic opportunities for women. It seems like this would be obvious but apparently it wasn t:To test that variable, Wiseman and Dutta looked at how two different measurements of religiosity among residents of different states   belief in God and participation in religious activity   correlated with the gender wage-gap in those states. Even after controlling for age, education, marital status, occupation, time in the workforce, and other factors, they found that this correlation was rather significant: specifically, that a three percent increase in a state s religiosity related to a one percent increase in its gender wage-gap.So what s happening here? The study doesn t draw any conclusions beyond the correlation but it s not hard to guess.In the view of most of the Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity and Islam), women are not meant to work outside of the home, much less be the primary earner. This definitely applies to conservative religion but it s not exclusively relegated to the right. Even if left leaning employers don t realize it, they ve been conditioned, to a degree, to view women as the caregiver in a family:Traditional religious attitudes might also affect employer behavior, shaping managers  decisions about whom to hire or lay off, or a family s decision about who should be the primary breadwinner. Zooming out, the state government s distribution of resources   like education, health care, and parental leave   can also be shaped by prevailing cultural norms that are shaped by religious attitudes. Cultural norms  is the key phrase there. Until we break the social model that men are the natural breadwinners and women are the natural diaper changers, it s going to be nigh-impossible to get people to stop discriminating against women (even unconsciously) in the workplace.Featured image via Getty",0
7065, Racism Accidentally Prevents Pain Killer Addiction From Hurting Black Communities,"This has to be the most counter-intuitive and ironic result of racism conceivable. The implicit racism of medical professionals is directly preventing the black community from suffering the same epidemic of opioid addiction and overdoses that is devastating white communities all over America.The reason?Doctors and nurses think black people are super humans (Yes, for real!):Researchers at the University of Virginia quizzed white medical students and residents to see how many believed inaccurate and at times  fantastical  differences about the two races   for example, that blacks have less sensitive nerve endings than whites or that black people s blood coagulates more quickly. They found that fully half thought at least one of the false statements presented was possibly, probably or definitely true.Moreover, those who held false beliefs often rated black patients  pain as lower than that of white patients and made less appropriate recommendations about how they should be treated.If this sounds insane to you, remember that the police regularly pump unarmed black men full of bullets because they literally believe that black people are inhumanly strong and resistant to pain. The phrases  demonic,   inhuman  and  like a wild animal  have been used repeatedly to describe black people. This is a direct result of centuries of racist fearmongering about  aggressive  blacks so it s not at all surprising to find that the medical community has fallen victim to this pervasive implicit (and sometimes overtly explicit) racism.But it IS a little surprising (OK, VERY surprising and even more disturbing) that you can get a license to practice medicine without having learned that there are no significant biological differences between blacks and whites. What the hell are medical schools teaching that leaves their students this painfully ignorant?As mentioned above, they literally think black people don t experience pain the same way. The result? They don t give black people nearly as much pain medication:A 2000 study out of Emory University found that at a hospital emergency department in Atlanta, 74 percent of white patients with bone fractures received painkillers compared with 50 percent of black patients. Similarly, a paper last year found that black children with appendicitis were less likely to receive pain medication than their white counterparts.If you ll recall, the over-prescription of painkillers to white people is the direct cause of the drug epidemic assaulting white communities. White people have been getting hooked on pain killers and when their doctors finally cut them off (if they ever do), they turn to the next closest thing: Heroin. And it spirals out of control from there.By being racist jerks that allow black people to suffer pain in the short term, the medical community has spared them the long term pain of addiction. At last, systemic racism finally did something positive for the black community. Hooray. Aren t you just so proud of AmeriKKKa now?Featured image via vine18.com",0
7066, WATCH: Trump Says That Women Actually ‘Like’ Him And His Reason Why Is Dumber Than He Is,"Donald Trump has said many degrading and reductive things about women. Most recently, he said that women who have abortions should be punished and as a result, female voters have been repulsed by his comments. Polls show that only a small number of women support the bombastic billionaire and if last night s loss in Wisconsin is any indication, Trump is slipping in his bid for the GOP nomination. So, Trump at this point is inn damage control mode, and he s seeking to endear himself with female voters. In a recent interview, Trump rejected the notion that women dislike him because they know he can  protect  them from terrorists.  You know, I have so many women that really want to have protection from the standpoint   and they like me for that reason, said Trump. He added:",0
7067, Watch Elizabeth Warren Get PISSED And Destroy A GOP Stooge Who Won’t Answer Her Question (VIDEO),"Elizabeth Warren is a strong advocate for justice on behalf of regular Americans, particularly when it comes to financial issues. She often speaks passionately about ideas she feels very strongly about, but she rarely gets visibly pissed off. However, one particular Republican stooge managed to accomplish that feat, as you will see in the video below.Senator Warren was speaking during a hearing that was intended to discuss covering the  costs  to banks if they were regulated, in an effort to prevent them from completely imploding the American economy again. Republicans produced a  star witness, Leonard Chanin, who is one of the people most responsible for the 2008 financial crisis, to testify that banks should not have regulations places on them. As you may have already figured out, that was a bad idea. Senator Warren pointed out how his personal inaction, as well as that of the rest of the Federal Reserve, basically guaranteed a financial crisis.Mr. Chanin, as Sen. Brown mentioned from 2005 to 2011 you held top positions in the Federal Reserve s division of consumer and community affairs, and in those positions you had both the legal authority and the legal responsibility to regulate deceptive mortgages, including dangerous subprime lending that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. But you didn t do it, despite years of calls and even begging from consumer advocates and others asking you to act. Instead, you did essentially nothing.According to the Dallas Fed, that crisis cost the American economy an estimated $14 trillion. It cost millions of families their homes, their jobs, their savings. It devastated communities across America.Republicans simply do not give a sh*t about how much it costs regular Americans to allow banks to literally rob the entire middle class of everything they own. This was a point that was slammed directly in the face of Chanin.So when you talk now about how certain regulations are too costly or too difficult to comply with, you sound a lot like you did before the 2008 crisis when you failed to act. So my question is, given your track record at the Fed, why should anyone take you seriously now.As if the severe embarrassment that she just laid on him personally was not enough, Chanin went on to try to lie to Senator Warren s face, followed by refusing to answer even the most basic questions from her afterwards. That s when it all went wrong for the Republicans  star witness. If the guy keeps his job after this embarrassment it ll be shocking.Watch what happens when you lie to Elizabeth Warren below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7068, Rick Scott Just Got HUMILIATED So Badly In A Starbucks That He Had To Run Away (VIDEO),"When Florida Governor Rick Scott walked into a downtown Gainesville Starbucks, he probably expected to just get some coffee but after what happened to him, he ended up running away like someone was about to destroy his final Horcrux. On Tuesday, the adult version of Bat Boy didn t even get to purchase his latte when a customer lit him on fire (not literally, though it is rumored that fire is his weakness) for his mishandling of, well, everything since he took office: You cut Medicaid so I couldn t get Obamacare. You re an asshole. You don t care about working people. You should be ashamed to show your face around here. Scott replied that he has created one million jobs since he took office   a number that is shockingly true   but the woman, like anyone who looks upon the rest of Scott s record, was thoroughly unimpressed by the alleged human whose solution to poverty is wasting taxpayer dollars drug testing the poor. A million jobs?  she asked as she looked around the room.  Great, who here has a great job? I was looking forward to finishing school. You really feel you have a job coming up?  She added that Scott  stripped women of access to public healthcare. Shame on you, Rick Scott,  she yelled as he hastily retreated out the door.  We depend on those services. Rich people like you don t know what to do. When poor people like us need health services you cut them. Shame on you Rick Scott,  she said one final time.  You re an embarrassment to our state. Sweet,  said the man who caught the incident on camera.I think we can all agree with him.Watch this glorious moment unfold below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7069, Trump-Loving Pastor Absurdly Says Mexico Will Fund Border Wall Or Get Its ‘Legs Broken’ (VIDEO),"Much like the Republican front runner himself, Donald Trump s supporters also have a tendency to invoke violence any chance they get, as we ve seen proven time after time.On Tuesday, Ohio pastor and Trump fan Darrell Scott went on CNN to discuss Trump s plan for the U.S. border wall, and in no time caused the segment to completely derail. In speaking to fellow panelists Ben Ferguson and Margaret Hoover, Scott started by giving an absurd example of how Trump would force Mexico to pay for the wall (even though Mexico s president has flat-out refused and basically told Trump to f*ck off). Scott said: Mexico is going to pay directly, or Mexico is going to pay indirectly. It reminds me of a friend that I had years ago, OK? Let me say this for the record. He said,  You re going to give me my money or I m going to break your legs and you re going to give me my money.  Mexico will pay for the wall or Trump will break them down. Ferguson was quick to point out just how ridiculous Scott s example was as he fired back, We re not 12 years old. This is not your lunch money. Scott completely missed the valid point and continued on: I m tired of that 12-year-old stuff. They re gonna pay it directly, or they re gonna pay it indirectly. And putting a tax on Western Union transfers is not unreasonable. These comments came just shortly after Trump s campaign stated that if the business mogul wins the election, the candidate would ban money transfers from the United States into Mexico unless Mexico contributed $5-10 billion for his precious wall.Scott and Ferguson got into a heated back-and forth, and Ferguson told the ignorant pastor, You have no idea what you re talking about. You can watch the chaotic segment below, in which all the panelists get themselves all worked up over Trump: Featured image via screenshot",0
7070," Donald Trump’s Statement After Losing Wisconsin Is Insane, Even For Him","Donald Trump s entire image is based around the idea that he is a  winner,  and while that idea isn t supported by the reality of Trump s legacy of failed businesses and ventures, it is still jarring to see his reaction after he loses a battle.Republican voters in Wisconsin chose Ted Cruz over Trump in the primary on Wednesday night, and as he has in the past, Trump lost ugly.His campaign issued a bizarre, unhinged press release to the media after the results had been called in favor of Cruz:Donald J. Trump withstood the onslaught of the establishment yet again. Lyin  Ted Cruz had the Governor of Wisconsin, many conservative talk radio show hosts, and the entire party apparatus behind him. Not only was he propelled by the anti-Trump Super PAC s spending countless millions of dollars on false advertising against Mr. Trump, but he was coordinating with his own Super PAC s (which is illegal) who totally control him. Ted Cruz is worse than a puppet   he is a Trojan horse, being used by the party bosses attempting to steal the nomination from Mr. Trump. We have total confidence that Mr. Trump will go on to win in New York, where he holds a substantial lead in all the polls, and beyond. Mr. Trump is the only candidate who can secure the delegates needed to win the Republican nomination and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton, or whomever is the Democratic nominee, in order to Make America Great Again.Completely over the top, factually inaccurate, and failing to make sense: All hallmarks of the Trump campaign so far. It shows why Republican establishment bigwigs are arguing over strategies to take him down at the convention, as polls regularly show him losing in double digits to both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. A poll from Mason Dixon even showed Trump with only a single-digit lead over Clinton in blood red Mississippi.But as this release shows, Trump isn t going to let his campaign be snuffed out quietly. If he loses at all, it s going to be with a loud, primal scream, and the GOP s bigwigs are going to hear all about it.Featured image via Flickr",0
7071, Is A GOP Civil War Coming? RNC Chair Accidentally Spoke The Truth About 2016 Nomination Process,"Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus committed the grave Republican sin of being honest during a radio interview recently. While discussing the details of the Republican convention delegates, Priebus   possibly without realizing it   heavily implied something many have been suspecting: the fact that the Republican party will try to steal the nomination from Donald Trump.Priebus was attempting to explain the process of how Republican delegates work, and seemed to be justifying the concept of them not voting to represent the will of the people from their home states. He came right out and admitted that at the later stages of balloting, delegates will not be bound to candidates and can vote for whomever they want to nominate   regardless of the popular vote in the state primaries. The big giveaway, though, was the following statement he gave after that: By the way, this is a nomination for the Republican Party. If you don t like the party, then sit down. The party is choosing a nominee. To say that won t sit well with Trump voters and possibly even Cruz voters is an understatement. Trump s crew won t agreeably sit by only to see the Republican establishment walk away from them and install their  preferred  candidate as the nominee in his place.Reince didn t exactly come out and say it plainly, but he definitely is starting to lay out a framework of plausible deniability when it comes to a possible up-ending of the nomination process. By trying to explain away how a sleeper candidate can be squeezed in at the last minute, and spreading out the blame among many different delegates   some of whom are virtually unknown to regular voters   the RNC can just throw up their hands and say there was  nothing they could do, because of the rules. Many sources have been hinting at either Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney being rolled out as the panic-button replacement for Trump. The importance of this can t be understated. A very sizeable amount of the 2016 RNC delegates were previously in the camp of the Romney/Ryan ticket in 2012, and the odds favor a majority of them jumping ship to one of those two in lieu of Trump if a legitimate opportunity to do so arose.If the Republicans keep on this track and risk it all in an  anything but Trump  move, 2016 could be historical for the fact it might split the GOP permanently.Listen to the full interview where the RNC chair accidentally tells the truth below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/257440153  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty",0
7072, Obama Just Won A HUGE Multi-Billion Dollar Fight Against Big Pharma (VIDEO),"While Republicans and some others insist that President Obama is a lame duck and in the twilight of his presidency, he is still showing that his office exercises considerable muscle and power in order to work on the behalf of taxpayers.This time it was a victory against the big pockets of Big Pharma, who were attempting a corporate maneuver that would allow them to skip out on a big part of the tax bill they owe America.Pfizer has announced that its planned merger with Allergan will no longer go through. As CNBC reporter David Faber noted in a tweet,  Changes in inversion regs dealt deal death blow. Pfizer and Allergan will mutually terminate their merger tomorrow morning- sources.Changes in inversion regs dealt deal death blow.$AGN,$PFE  David Faber (@davidfaber) April 6, 2016That decision came just a few hours after President Obama announced that his Treasury Department would release new rules that allowed the government to crack down on so-called corporate inversions, a maneuver that allows companies to effectively dodge paying taxes:Inversion is when a company moves its tax residence overseas on paper, typically to a low-tax country, to avoid paying their fair share in taxes here at home.When multinational corporations exploit these loopholes   enjoying the many benefits of locating in the United States without responsibly paying into the system   it erodes the American tax base, undercuts businesses that play by the rules and ultimately leaves the middle class and small businesses to pay the tab.The $150 billion proposed deal between Pfizer and Allergan came directly in the sights of these new Treasury rules, and as the L.A. Times reported,  the Treasury Department seemed to be targeting the Pfizer-Allergan deal and others like it. As has often been the case, President Obama has had to use the power of his office to go after activities like this because the Republican-controlled Congress has spent more time sitting on their hands than actually doing anything. He again implored Congress to address inversions, and noted,  When companies exploit loopholes like this, it makes it harder to invest in the things that are going to keep America s economy going strong for future generations. It sticks the rest of us with the tab. And it makes hardworking Americans feel like the deck is stacked against them. Despite GOP wishes, Obama hasn t hung it up yet, and another bunch of pharma bros are feeling it.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7073, New Ad Proves Hillary’s Been Fighting For Increased Wages For Over 20 Years (VIDEO),"The Democratic infighting between Bernie Sanders and his supporters and Hillary Clinton and her supporters is about as useful as a fart in a jar. We re all on the same side, fighting for the same changes, fighting to make sure everyone gets a fair shake, fighting for the American people and against Republicans who want to tear us further apart.So, when false narratives are spoken that Hillary Clinton is somehow  copying  Bernie Sanders on some of his policy platform ideas, it serves absolutely no purpose other than to divide what needs to be a united front. Tell everyone what you re for, instead of trying to be ridiculously petty and disparaging in an effort to bring someone else down.One of the latest lies about Hillary Clinton is the remark that she somehow is copying Bernie Sanders on raising the minimum wage. However, if anyone has access to the internet, they can easily find a record of her accomplishments, as well as what she s proposed and advocated for   including a minimum wage increase.Watch the video below and you will see Hillary pushing for a raise in the minimum wage back in 1995   that s over 20 years ago. She s clearly been pushing for a better standard of living for workers nationwide long before she even remotely dreamed of running for president.This election needs to be about what each candidate brings to the table; their experience, their plans, their ability to get it done. What this election should not be about, is trying to dissuade people from voting based on lies.And if we re going to really try to get real about wages, we need to think about solutions that will actually work. A flat minimum wage increase, while sounding great on paper, simple to understand, and is a great place to start, won t be as effective as tying wages to the cost of living nationwide. MIT even put out a living wage calculator to help the process along. This may mean higher than a $15/hr wage in some regions, and lower in others. The cost of doing business is different in different regions as well, and that also always needs to be taken into consideration. If businesses are shuttered because they can t afford to stay open, that doesn t help anyone. But it is true that more money in people s pockets puts more money back into the economy, and is the trickle up economy that will serve to help everyone. That s just basic economics.Solutions are there if we re willing to look for them, and we need to figure this out, but that s not going to happen through the noise of trivial political games.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Hillary in 1995: Raising the minimum wage is the right thing to do. Hillary in 2016: Still true.Posted by Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, April 5, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7074, ‘#1 In Bigotry’: Twitter EVISCERATES Mississippi Gov. Over Anti-Gay Law,"The south s red states have been on a right-wing tear lately, and despite national outrag shows no signs of slowing down. The latest to draw the ire of the non-bigoted public is Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, who just signed an incredibly hateful anti-LGBT bill into law. Everyone from average citizens to influential public figures have taken to social media giant Twitter to let Governor Bryant know just how awful what he s done is.The bill quite literally creates something of an anti-LGBT Jim Crow, where it is now perfectly legal for businesses and other public places to discriminate against LGBT people and use their bibles as a shield to do so. House Bill 1523 even shields government employees from having to perform same-sex marriages, despite the Supreme Court ruling legalizing marriage equality. Here are just a few tweets the bigoted governor got as a result of making this hateful bill the law of the land in his state:Disappointing that Mississippi Gov @PhilBryantMS signed H.B. 1523. IBM strongly opposes this discriminatory bill. pic.twitter.com/BjGV8VQbzi  IBMPolicy (@IBMpolicy) April 5, 2016@bluegal @PhilBryantMS just showed us that he doesn't care if #Mississippi fades into oblivion. Why the heck not, It's his last term anyway!  Shanell No. 1 (@shwatson78) April 5, 2016Mississippi ranks last in education & median household income but governor is more concerned about the gays. Hey, yall are #1 in bigotry now  The Gay Burn Book (@SouthernHomo) April 5, 2016How sad. Poor Mississippi, drifting backwards in time, floating away from us and humanity. https://t.co/YqGmRhLjQO  Neil Gaiman (@neilhimself) April 5, 2016Mississippi has the highest rate of poverty in the nation but they are passing laws to make sure that Gay people can't engage in commerce ?  Black Kenny (@Kenm215) April 5, 2016Mississippi Chamber of Commerce right now: pic.twitter.com/RHUwH8TzG8  Adam Goldstein (@A_H_Goldstein) April 5, 2016Even Montel Williams, who is a self-described conservative Christian, expressed outrage over this hateful law:In signing #HB1523 , @PhilBryantMS has chosen Mississippi s dark past over a bright future. #ShameOnPhil pic.twitter.com/q6MKtZIQHv  Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) April 5, 2016Considering the many, many problems that Mississippi currently has, you d think they d be working on oh, you know, improving high school graduation rates, or perhaps eradicating poverty   but no. Instead, they are busily enshrining bigotry into law so that their state full of religious bigots can live to rant and rave another day about how the gays are the problem.Shame on you, Gov. Bryant. You really are the dinosaur that Twitter called you.Featured image via Raw Story/Facebook",0
7075," Sarah Palin’s Idiocy Strikes Again, Urges Us To Start ‘Condoning Racism’ (IMAGE)","In what some may assume is a misspeak and others may attribute to a Freudian slip, Sarah Palin took to Facebook to go after rapper Azealia Banks. To be honest, the two of these ladies fighting is a mind-numbing assault on everything good and decent, because both women are outrageous in their own regards. The two have been trapped in a Twitter battle that s gotten kind of ugly.Trying to end the battle, in her own condescending way, was Palin when she took to her medium of choice, Facebook. She wrote: Hey Female Rapper   listen up, little darling. No one has any idea what you re wigging out about in these bizarre, violent rants against me, but you re obviously not exercising enough intelligence to acknowledge you ve been sucked into believing some fake interview in which I supposedly offered comments representing the antithesis of my truth.In this life, you re blessed to have been given an influential platform. So have I. Why don t we strengthen both our platforms and work together on something worthwhile   like condoning racism, along with empowering young women to defend themselves against a most misogynist, degrading, devastating assault perpetrated by evil men   rape.Thanks. And now I ll go through my young daughter s playlist to make sure there hasn t been any inadvertent addition of any anti-woman, pro-rape garbage that you seem to endorse, which perpetuates the cultural challenges we face in America. I encourage other parents to do the same.God bless you Ms. Banks, as you consider a change of heart.  Sarah Palin Mediaite seems to have captured the original post:via FacebookOf course, she either didn t know what  condoning  means or she really meant it. Either way, she s clearly been notified of how horrific she sounded, because her post was deleted and re-posted with the word  condemning  instead.Here s the thing, Palin is backing the most racist candidate running for president   Donald Trump. His outright bigotry towards Latinos, Muslims, etc. isn t even thinly veiled. He boasts his hatred for the  other  right in the open. So while Palin may have written the wrong word initially, she clearly is  condoning racism  and misogyny by backing Trump.Featured Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
7076, 9-Year-Old Reporter Just HUMILIATED Critics Who Told Her To Quit And Play With Dolls (VIDEO),"While it s convenient to stereotype girls as small mishmashes of sugar, spice, and everything nice, as small humans who spend most of their time playing with their dollies and trying on princess dresses, it s important to remember that every person is a unique individual, each with his own interests. For instance, 9-year-old Pennsylvania girl Hilde Kate Lysiak loves reporting the news   lives for it, in fact.On Saturday, Lysiak received a tip that there was heavy police activity on ninth street in Selinsgrove, so she did what any good reporter would do   she headed over to check it out. Hilde ended up scooping the world on a rather grisly murder.Hours before adult-run news agencies showed up to cover the story, and while her  competitors  were still misreporting information related to the crime, Hilde was getting facts straight from the scene. She worked with police and neighbors to get the story out quickly and accurately, posting her article on Facebook with the headline:  EXCLUSIVE: MURDER ON NINTH STREET! She even posted a short video direct from the scene while the  real  news agencies scratched their heads:The Washington Post reports that Hilde is the daughter of a former New York Daily Times reporter who got her hooked on chasing stories. She writes on a wide range of topics, but her true passion is crime. I just like letting people know all the information,  Hilde told the Post Monday.  It s just what I really want to do. And crime is definitely my favorite. Unfortunately, some spoilsports felt that little girls shouldn t be embarrassing the  real  news with her excellent reporting. You are nine f*cking years old,  one grown-up told her.  What the f*ck is wrong with you?  The former Mayor of Selinsgrove called it sensationalist trash. I m disgusted that this cute little girl thinks she is a real journalist.  another alleged adult said.  What happened to tea parties?  Another said that nine-year-old girls should be  playing with dolls  rather than  trying to be reporters.      While her detractors view a straight report that includes nothing but the facts and quotes from neighbors and police as  sensationalism,  Hilda has a better description of what happened: I got a good tip from a source and I was able to confirm it. She also received numerous not-so-nice messages in her Facebook page s inbox informing her of how little girls should, and should not, act. So, she did what any good reporter would do   she gathered up the comments, read them  Mean Tweets  style, and served up a verbal smackdown to those who say that little girls should not report the news: Because of my work, I was able to inform the people that there s a terrible murder, hours before my competition even got to the scene. In fact some of the adult-run newspapers were reporting the wrong news, or no news at all. All the while, the Orange Street News was out covering the murder, she said before directing a special message to the people who think she should be playing with dollies instead:I know this makes some of you uncomfortable, and I know some of you want me to sit down and be quiet because I m nine. But if you want me to stop covering news, then you get off your computers and do something about the news. There, is that cute enough for you? Hilde has been running her paper for two years, and it doesn t look like she intends to stop anytime soon   not should she. Everyone who attempts to stifle her creativity and passion should be ashamed of themselves. But they won t be.Watch her lay the smackdown on her haters below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7077, CNN Host Cuts Interview After Trump Supporter PATHETICALLY Tries To Link Hillary To Child Rapist (VIDEO),"On Tuesday morning, CNN Carol Costello completely shut down an interview when a conservative guest (and passionate Donald Trump supporter) went off on a ridiculous rant about Hillary Clinton.The  CNN Newsroom With Carol Costello  interview started to go south toward the end when one of Costello s guests, Trump fan and Newsmax host Steve Malzberg, tried to derail a discussion about the Republican front runner s misogyny and sexist rhetoric by targeting Clinton and her husband. Malzberg bragged about the business mogul s approach with women: When you get one-on-one,   especially if it s Hillary   Donald Trump will go places nobody is willing to go, where the media at this point isn t willing to go. Bringing up Clinton s women who say they were intimidated by Hillary. Having them come forward and speak. A litany of issues that you can t even imagine. Costello interrupted Malzberg and said,  I m thinking that might not be a winning argument for Donald Trump right at this moment.  Which is absolutely correct, considering that Trump has been pummeled for his recent comments that women should be punished for seeking abortions.But Malzberg foolishly continued on, even though Costello s objections were backed up by fellow guest Judson Phillips (who is a Ted Cruz supporter). Malzberg added: Do you know how many young women in this country don t even know that Bill Clinton was impeached? No. Maybe they ve heard of Monica Lewinsky. They don t know the women that have accused Bill Clinton of sexual improprieties and that say they have been threatened and intimidated by Hillary Clinton. Then, Malzberg decided to bring up another truly bizarre talking point   Clinton s involvement in an old child abuse court case from 1975. Malzberg started: A girl who was raped by a pedophile that Hillary Clinton bragged about getting off. Shocked that Malzberg would even mention this, Costello started to shut him down, saying,  Oh, come on. Malzberg cried, Wait, wait, let me finish!  while Costello refused to entertain the conversation. He argued: What do you mean? You don t want to hear it? That Hillary Clinton is on tape bragging about, as a lawyer getting off on a technicality. That woman now says,  Hillary ruined my life.  That s not fair. Costello had had enough of the insane conversation, and said, I m going to leave it there, and goodbye. Thanks for joining me  before ending the interview abruptly. You can watch the awkward moment unfold below, at about the 5:45 mark:In Clinton s memoir, Living History, Clinton addressed that 1975 case, confessing that she had only been out of law school for two years when she was assigned that case. She said that although she  didn t feel comfortable  with the case, she couldn t very well refuse the judge s request.  Clinton knew she had  an ethical and legal obligation to defend him to the fullest extent of the law , and did her best. After that case, Clinton went on to set up Arkansas  first rape hotline.Featured image via screencapture",0
7078, North Carolina’s New Anti-Gay Law Just Killed HUNDREDS Of Jobs,"The full economic impact of the horrific new anti-gay law passed by North Carolina s bigoted legislature will not be known for quite some time, but we are already seeing numerous ways that the geniuses who place hatred over the needs and the good of the people are damaging their state.North Carolina s Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act,  something that came into existence as a response to the city of Charlotte s attempt to create a fair and equal environment for all citizens, including transgender individuals, by granting the LGBT community equal rights pertaining to public accommodations as the rest of the world enjoys, nullifies the Charlotte ordinance and bans localities from expanding protections for the LGBT community. It also requires everyone to use bathrooms corresponding to their gender at birth.This horrific and blatant attempt to deprive a segment of the population of equal rights has not only angered the public, but the Obama administration as well. At this moment, the Justice Department is in the process of determining if the law violates federal civil rights statutes. If it does, the state could lose billions (with a B) of dollars that would otherwise go to fixing highways, education, and housing funding.Cities and states have banned taxpayer-funded travel to North Carolina and production companies have left the state over the law, depriving the state of tax dollars and a boost to local economies where filming took place. Recently, Lionsgate Films canceled filming of a new Hulu show and moved production to Canada.In short, yes. On Tuesday, PayPal announced that it has withdrawn plans for a new blogal operations center in Charlotte   the city that attempted to be inclusive in the first place   that would have employed 400 people in skilled jobs. The new center was announced just weeks ago. In the short time since then, legislation has been abruptly enacted by the State of North Carolina that invalidates protections of the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender citizens and denies these members of our community equal rights under the law,  PayPal said in a statement.  Our decision is a clear and unambiguous one. But we do regret that we will not have the opportunity to be a part of the Charlotte community and to count as colleagues the skilled and talented people of the region. As a company that is committed to the principle that everyone deserves to live without fear of discrimination simply for being who they are, becoming an employer in North Carolina, where members of our teams will not have equal rights under the law, is simply untenable. The company says  the new law perpetuates discrimination and it violates the values and principles that are at the core of PayPal s mission and culture,  leaving them unable to open a center in the state. PayPal is in the process of determining where the new location will be, and says it regrets not having the  opportunity to be part of the Charlotte community. They remain committed, however, to  working with the LGBT community in North Carolina to overturn this discriminatory legislation, alongside all those who are committed to equality. PayPal is not the first to refuse to do business in North Carolina, nor will they be the last. This new law will ultimately be damaging to the state, and everyday people will be the ones who are hurt the most.Featured image via Getty/PhillyMag",0
7079," Hillary Is Asked What Will Happen If Trump Becomes President, She Responds For ALL OF US (VIDEO)","Hillary Clinton, currently leading the race to become the Democratic candidate for President in Election 2016, made an appearance on The View this week. She was asked what it will mean for women if the GOP wins this year, and her answer was perfect.Hillary was poised on the couch with the women of The View, when co-host Joy Behr got real with the candidate over a growing issue with the GOP campaign: their despicable attitudes and policies around women. Behr begins, Women seem to be under fire right now   more than ever. She then goes on to list a number of worrying events coming out during the GOP primary race. She includes the slut-shaming attacks made by Ted Cruz and Donald Trump against each other s wives, all three GOP candidates being in favor of a total ban on abortion (even in cases of incest and rape), and a female reporter even being thrown by by Trump s campaign manager. It s frightening,  she says What do you think will happen to women if a Republican gets in the   if Trump wins, god forbid?  She added:  What s gonna happen to us? Hillary takes a pause to consider her answer, but when it lands, she really nails it. Instead of joining the ever escalating war of insults which is what the GOP race has reduced to   Hillary Clinton stays classy, and gets to the heart of the issue facing America right now. He has insulted everybody and he has demeaned everybody,  Clinton says, running us through a grim reminder of various individuals and groups that the GOP and Trump have taken aim at over the months. I don t think the vast majority of Americans   let s hope   want to reward that hateful behavior. This is the core of the issue for the vote in 2016, what do we want to reward as an electorate? Which America is going to win in 2016? The hopeful progressive version that brought us so far in the world, or the scared, envious, divided America that will lose it s way in a fast-moving world bent on progress? It s difficult to recall a time where an election where so much was at stake, and our votes counted to much. Featured image via screencapture",0
7080, Donald Trump Just Lost His Temper On Live TV And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has caused plenty of heartache for Americans, especially those of Muslim and Mexican descent, as a result of his racist and vile rhetoric. He s left the world wondering how he s the GOP fronerunner for the nomination to run in the general election for president of the United States. Fortunately for Americans and the rest of the world, we are slowly but surely watching the unhinging of Donald Trump. His recent remarks about women are just one in a series of Trump crazy talk sessions that have left his campaign losing serious momentum. However, Trump has a way with words and he always blames someone else for his misfortunes. This time, it came in the form of a temper tantrum with a reporter.Here s the video: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8ctyqB5TTM] MSNBC s Chris Jansing asked Trump if there would be any changes in his campaign staff in what was most likely a reference to a New York magazine article that reported infighting among his staff members.  No, It s just the media again. I get the most unfair media. This is the first time I ve been asked this question. Nobody has called me about this. We are number one in every category,  said Trump.Jansing then asked if Trump was concerned that his staff didn t know that Wisconsin conservative radio host Charlie Sykes was against his candidacy, which set him up for a brutal interview last week. Believing that he won the debate with Sykes, Trump said,  You go into the enemy camp sometimes. He is not a very smart guy, not a very bright guy. Sometimes you go into unfriendly territory. That s part of the game. Here is the transcript from the rest of the interview:Jansing:  Is Wisconsin unfriendly territory? Trump:  No, you said about a radio talk show host. Jansing:  So you re just talking about the radio host? Trump:  That s what I mean about the dishonest media. Jansing:  I m asking you a question, allowing you to answer it. Trump:  Excuse me, Excuse me, excuse me! You re asking me about a show host and I said he was unfriendly territory. Then you say is that Wisconsin. It s so dishonest. No, no, that s called you know what s that s called, dishonest media, dishonest reporting. I think I m going to do great. Watching Trump get frustrated is reminiscent of how he s been frustrating most of America the last few months. Featured image via screencapture",0
7081, ‘Verbal Diarrhea’: Trump Gives Most Astonishingly Dumb Answer When Asked Who Abraham Lincoln Was,"It s no secret that Donald Trump talks to his supporters at an elementary school level, but even third graders would have to look at this answer to the question of  Why Abraham Lincoln was a successful president  and laugh. Trump, like a deer in headlights, delivers what may be the dumbest response ever delivered by a person hoping to bullshit his way through a question he can t answer.It s a beauty to behold.Trump sat down with legendary journalist Bob Woodward to cover a variety of topics. Trump, having clearly not prepared whatsoever, flailed spectacularly throughout. Just one example: I m a very inclusive person. I actually am somebody that gets along with people. And yet from a political standpoint, although I certainly have a lot of fans  you just said hello to Senator Sessions. It s enough to give Sarah Palin a run for her money for the Word Salad of the Year title.However, Trump s train finally derailed completely when Woodward asked him what he though the Republican Party stood for given its legacy as the Party of Abraham Lincoln. Trump responded as if he had never heard the name before.Well, I think Lincoln succeeded for numerous reasons. He was a man who was of great intelligence, which most presidents would be. But he was a man of great intelligence, but he was also a man that did something that was a very vital thing to do at that time. Ten years before or 20 years before, what he was doing would never have even been thought possible. So he did something that was a very important thing to do, and especially at that time.What did Abraham Lincoln do? Don t ask Trump, he just knows it was something  very vital  and  very important. The reaction on Twitter was unforgiving:.@katherinemiller That s verbal diarrhea not an answer to anything.  David Bohm (@DavidJBohm) April 5, 2016 This is like a 7th grade history paper.  @katherinemiller: Does Trump know what Abraham Lincoln did as president? pic.twitter.com/tCuiU1QIxZ  Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) April 5, 2016But there is another theory here. Perhaps Trump isn t dumber than a 5th grader. Perhaps he s just more racist than you dared suspect.The fact of the matter is that Trump s campaign has thrived on appealing to the portion of the American public most likely to ask  Why isn t there a White History month?  To many of his supporters, Lincoln s Emancipation Proclamation wasn t necessarily a good thing. A full 20 percent of his supporters say they thought it was a mistake. Some have even argued that African Americans were better off as slaves than  Democrats.  Trump supporter Ben Carson once mused that Obamacare was as bad as slavery.To talk about Lincoln s success is to talk about African Americans and to talk about African Americans is to not talk about the  silent majority  who claim it is white people who are oppressed. So, a good way to sidestep alienating your base is to talk in generalities. Lincoln succeeded  for numerous reasons.  He did  something  that was  vital.  It was  something  that was  very important to do.  Trump may think he has a great relationship with  the blacks  but it s the whites who come out by the thousands to vote for him   and he knows it.I m not sure which is worse: A Republican front-runner who can t articulate who Abraham Lincoln was or one who finds the Emancipation Proclamation so controversial that he can t even mention it as one of the former president s successes.Featured image via White House and Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
7082, Tennessee Republicans Pass Bill To Make The Bible The State’s Official Book,"Tennessee the state that was so concerned about the First Amendment that they enacted a religious  freedom  act has just proven that the only religion they really care about is Christianity AND they don t care about the Constitution at all.The Tennessean reports:Tennessee is poised to make history as the first state in the nation to recognize the Holy Bible as its official book.After nearly 30 minutes of debate, the state Senate on Monday approved the measure, sponsored by Sen. Steve Southerland, R-Morristown, with a 19-8 vote, sending the legislation to Gov. Bill Haslam s desk.That s right, the state s Republicans passed a bill that make a religious book the state s official book, completely ignoring the Constitution s separation of church and state. As a matter of fact, Tennessee Attorney General Herbert Slatery told lawmakers that the bill is unconstitutional and they still went ahead and passed it anyway.The American Civil Liberties Union released a statement condemning lawmakers for their actions: Today Tennessee politicians have voted to reduce what is to many a sacred religious text to a political football. Lawmakers  thinly-veiled effort to promote one religion over other religions clearly violates both the United States and Tennessee Constitutions, as our state attorney general has already pointed out. While the Bible is an important book to many state residents, Tennesseans come from a rich diversity of faiths. Privileging one religion over another not only tramples on the Constitution, it marginalizes the tens of thousands of Tennesseans who choose to practice other religions or not to practice religion at all. We call on Governor Haslam to veto this legislation. Only one positive came out of this   if you are a cup half full kinda person   is that the GOP legislators proved, without a doubt, that all of their declarations of wanting to protect everyone s religious freedom was complete and utter bullshit. Like national Republican lawmakers, the only thing they are concerned with is protecting THEIR religion. They do not actually believe you have the right to worship a god different from theirs, they want everyone to be indoctrinated into Christianity and they don t care what they have to do to make that happen.Their decision to pass this bill goes against the very freedoms our country was built upon. Our founding fathers never wanted one religion to be held in higher regard than another, that s why they made sure to protect all religions in the very first amendment to our Constitution. Perhaps these lawmakers should try picking up an actual history book before introducing any more legislation.Featured image via Controversy360",0
7083, Ted Cruz Tells Megyn Kelly He Would Force Rape Victims To Carry Rapist’s Baby (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has suggested that women should face  some sort of punishment  for having an abortion. Ted Cruz just admitted that he wants to punish women for being raped.During an interview with Fox host Megyn Kelly, Cruz made it clear that he believes rape victims should be barred from terminating any pregnancy that results from the crime.Women  think you may be too far right on social issues,  Kelly told Cruz while pointing out that the GOP presidential wannabe s stance on abortion rights is repelling female voters away from a Republican Party that needs votes from women if it hopes to survive in November.But Ted Cruz refused to budge from his extremist views and openly stated that he believes rape victims should be forced to carry pregnancies that result from rape to term. Rape is a horrific crime against the humanity of a person. But at the same time, as horrible as the crime is, I don t believe it s the child s fault. We want to do every thing we can do to prevent the crime on the front end and to punish the criminal. But I don t believe it makes sense to blame the child. Kelly fired back by informing Cruz that women think he  would be forcing the mother to go through unspeakable trauma to carry her rapist s baby for nine months. On that point, Kelly is correct. Forcing a woman to endure nine grueling months of a pregnancy she did not want only helps the rapist torture his victim more, it rewards the rapist with a child. And in far too many states, a rapist can then sue for parental rights and would be able to harass the victim for the next 18 years of the child s life.Cruz, however, avoided replying to Kelly like the coward he is and dubiously claimed that the decision would be left to the states if Roe v. Wade were to ever be overturned. Here it would be a question for Wisconsin, what should the laws be governing abortion. If Roe v. Wade was not the law, it would be up to the people of Wisconsin and the people of Wisconsin might decide to allow some exceptions or not allow some exceptions because everyone agrees that you always want to protect the life of the mother. Here s the video:Ted Cruz is literally pretending that he would allow each state to have their own abortion laws. In December, Cruz stated his intention to ban abortion nationwide despite what the Supreme Court has ruled.Furthermore, Cruz has also voiced support for a federal ban on abortion after 20 weeks that provided zero exceptions for rape victims. He also supported the Life at Conception Act, which would ban all abortion for any reason and would even outlaw some forms of contraception.In short, Cruz is lying through his teeth when he claims that the states will be able to make their own abortion laws. As president, Cruz would absolutely sign a total ban on abortion if Republicans manage to hold onto the Senate and House after the election in November. In fact, it would probably be one of the first things he does. And that means women absolutely should not trust Ted Cruz. Featured image via screencapture",0
7084," No, Barney Frank Did NOT Call Bernie Supporters ‘Low Information’ Voters","While I m not totally immune to clickbait as a writer, I try really hard not to grossly misrepresent what public figures say to generate outrage. Not because I imagine myself to be a great journalist (I blog, journalism this ain t) but because I shouldn t have to lie to get a story out. So imagine my disappointment when I saw the following from Raw Story: Barney Frank:  Low information  voters are to blame for problems that make Trump and Sanders appealing.This is a fail on so many levels.First, while the host Jose Diaz-Balart tries to conflate Trump and Sanders voters, it is screamingly obvious that Frank is ONLY talking about Democratic voters the entire time. His entire argument concerns the people who don t come up to vote in midterms and then complain that Obama didn t get things done. No rational person can listen to this and think he s talking about both liberal and conservative voters.If conservative voters were as lazy as liberal voters in the midterms, we wouldn t have the gridlock that s pissing off liberal voters.Second, when we use the term  low information voters,  it has a very specific connotation. We mean people who are not informed compared to the general population about an issue (or issues) but still feel passionately about it. Or, in the case of Fox News viewers, misinformed about an issue and feel enraged about it. When a person insists that Obama is a Muslim or that climate change is a hoax, that is a low information voter. On the liberal side, when someone insists that Hillary Clinton is being investigated by the FBI or that Bernie Sanders is getting rich by running for president, that is also a low information voter. At least on those topics.But that s not what Frank is saying at all. He s lamenting, quite correctly, that the people who couldn t be bothered to vote in the midterms don t understand or don t WANT to understand that the lack of progress that s pissing them off is a direct result of them staying home in 2010 and 2014. That s not calling people  low information voters,  that s calling them out on their hypocrisy.  I want X, Y and Z but I don t wanna have to vote in midterms to get it!  And even though Frank kind of blames Bernie supporters for this, let s be honest, there s zero reason to lay that solely at their feet.The closest Frank gets to calling Bernie followers  low information voters  is when he points out, again, quite correctly, that people don t understand that building controlling majorities in government takes more than one election cycle. If you want to split hairs, sure, they re low information voters, but you re stretching at that point. But it doesn t matter if you like, love or loathe Bernie supporters, they re not low information voters in general and, in this context, certainly not any less informed than the overwhelming majority of Americans. No one uses the phrase to denote a lack of understanding of advanced civics which is why Frank doesn t actually use that phrase in the entire interview.Finally, the anti-establishment anger of Trump and Sanders supporters are coming from two completely different places and Frank never even remotely suggests that the two stem from the same problems as the Raw Story title clearly says he does. The majority of the anger from the Sanders camp is that America is not moving to the left fast enough. The don t like Obamacare because it s not single payer. They don t like Wall Street reform because it wasn t strong enough. Etc. Etc.Trump s supporters aren t angry that the country isn t moving to the right fast enough, they re angry because it s not moving to the right at all! Gays can marry! Obamacare hasn t been repealed! The rich forgot to trickle down their wealth like we were promised by Saint Ronnie! Women still have reproductive rights! Black lives are starting to matter!To say the two are similar is laughable and Frank never comes close to even an insinuation of it.You can be mad at Barney Frank for supporting Hillary if you want, but if you have to lie about what he s saying and why he s saying it, you ve already lost the argument.Here s the video:Featured image via screencap",0
7085, Trevor Noah Asks Debbie Wasserman-Schultz If She’s ‘C**kblocking’ Bernie Sanders (VIDEO),"Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz has taken a lot of criticism over the way she has handled our party s primary. Some Democrats believe that she has grossly mishandled the current primary, so, of course, that s exactly what Trevor Noah wanted to talk about when she stopped by The Daily Show on Monday.Noah started off by asking her if she was happy by how the race is being run between Bernie and Hillary, because  it seems like it s becoming nastier and nastier  as the it progresses. Wasserman-Schultz responded that it is drama being caused by the media and I d have to agree. The Democratic candidates have conducted themselves as presidential candidates should, which is vastly different than the insane Republican race that has been filled with horrible attacks and hateful rhetoric. The chairwoman went on to say: From our standpoint, I want them debating every day and I bet my counterpart Reince Priebus wants [the GOP candidates] to debate never because to debate never, because every time they open their mouth, they do something to alienate somebody else. That is absolutely true.After she finished discussing the GOP field, Noah hit her with the question many people want to know the answer to: A lot of people feel that Bernie Sanders   is being c*ckblocked by the DNC. Is there any merit to this? Wasserman-Schultz answered (after the crowd s cheers died down) that she is not favoring either candidate: As powerful as that makes me feel, I m not doing a very good job of rigging the outcome or blocking anyone from being able to get their message out. The reality is that I have a job as national party chair that is one that requires a thick skin. It requires me to be able to absorb the body blows so our candidates can stay above the fray. Not everyone would agree with this. A very large portion of the Democratic Party (both Hillary and Bernie supporters) are really pissed off at the way she has handled a number of things, especially our debate schedule. Although she said earlier in the interview that she would like our candidates to debate every day, that isn t exactly true. The candidates had to lobby for more debates because she originally only scheduled six debates and most of them were held on the weekend when they would get very little coverage.She is probably the least popular person within the Democratic Party right now and with good reason.Watch the entire interview below, including her discussion with Noah about superdelegates:Featured image via screencapture",0
7086, Teacher Unbelievably DEFENDS Punching Autistic 11-Yr-Old Hard Enough To Give Him A Concussion (VIDEO),"Milton Parker, a former paraprofessional (like a teacher but not quite) from New York, is currently defending punching an 11-year-old autistic student so hard that the child suffered a concussion. His defense? It was a  reflexive action. That might fly if Parker was facing an adult but he was facing an 11-year-old sitting in the cafeteria of PS 225, located in Brooklyn.Here s the disturbing video:The parents of the student are suing Parker for $5 million because they say their son is now afraid to go into school buildings and has to be homeschooled. As the parent of an autistic child, I can attest that one horrible incident can leave that kind of impact and as the parent of a non-autistic child as well, I can attest that it s MUCH harder for an autistic child to get over a traumatic incident. Finally, I can fully attest that if a teacher hit my son like that, they d be lucky if I stopped at a  concussion. After punching the child, Parker was charged with felony assault (but plead down to misdemeanor assault) and put in for retirement (perhaps sensing that he had become a danger to children?) but maintains he did nothing wrong:Milton Parker, who is being sued along with the city by the parents of Anatoly Veltman, said the blow he delivered was a  reflex  act in response to the boy hitting him first. Who gets hit and doesn t respond?  Parker told The Daily News.  The kid punched me in the eye first and as a reflex he got hit back. I knew it was on camera,  Parker, 59, said.  If it was intentional, I would have taken him to another room and beaten the snot out of him. Perhaps Parker is mistaking  in anger  for  as a reflex ? Because we ve all seen people lash out as a startled reflex followed by immediate remorse and concern for the person they hit. Watching that video, his body language is less  Oh crap! I m sorry!  and more  Yeah, you had that coming, punk!  If I were Parker, I would not be happy that video exists because he s going to have to convince a jury that he felt bad about throwing a full strength punch at a little kid.God luck with that, you prick.Featured image via WABC screen capture",0
7087, WATCH: Samantha Bee Shows Just How CRAZY Ted Cruz Supporters Are,"One has to wonder why in the world people would support Ted Cruz. His policies are the essence of Republican backwardness and even members of his own party don t like him. In addition, he s lied throughout his campaign for the Republican nomination. Yet, Cruz is still hanging in there for the nomination. In fact, he s actually enjoying a surge as of late as Republican voters try to figure out who is less worse, Donald Trump, or creepy Ted Cruz. Cruz appears to have found a niche as Republicans have to vote for Cruz as the alternative to Trump.Yet, who are these voters that are now siding with Cruz as he surges in the polls? Samantha Bee sums it all up when she took down Ted Cruz s appalling group of supporters on her show Full Frontal. First, there s Colorado pastor Kevin Swanson, who appears in a video clip (see below)  saying, Homosexuals are worthy of death  to which Bee commented,  Wow, For a guy who hates gay people, Swanson s got some fabulous dance moves.  Then there s the reverend Flip Benham, who was convicted of stalking an abortion doctor and was part of a protest where people chanted, Jesus hates Muslims.  Bee declared,  In your face Donald Trump, Cruz supporters hated Muslims before it was cool. Not to be outdone, there s pastor Mike Bickle, who is the poster child for anti-Semitism. Bickle declared: The lord said I m going to give all 20 million of them the chance to respond to the fisherman and if they don t respond to grace, I m going to raise up the hunters and the most famous hunter in recent history is a man named Adolph Hitler. Bee s segment was funny but she sends an important message:  Ted Cruz and his supporters are dangerous.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXkEeTfdQeA] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7088, This Is What REAL Christians Do When Their Priest Preaches To Ban Abortion (VIDEO),"The members of a Roman Catholic church in Poland have demonstrated to the world how compassionate Christians can shut down priest when they preach politics, not religion, from the pulpit.The women were at a Roman Catholic church in Gdansk, which is spearheading the outlawing of abortion in the Eastern European country. The Priest began reading a letter to the congregation in favor of the ban, which triggered a large number of mostly female worshippers to stand, turn their back on the Priest, and leave the church.As The Journal reports:The message from Poland s Catholic bishops, presented at churches nationwide, called on lawmakers to back the proposal being considered by Poland s right-wing government.The move would tighten what are already some of Europe s most restrictive laws on pregnancy termination. Current legislation, dating from 1993, already bans all terminations except when pregnancy results from rape or incest, poses a health risk to the mother, or if the foetus is severely deformed.Pro-life activists support even tougher legislation but the move has sparked a backlash and thousands of marchers took part in a protest outside the country s parliament in Warsaw yesterday, as well as in several other cities.The move is in sharp contrast to Christian conservatives in the United States, who are actually rallying behind candidates and religious leaders who wear their prejudice and intolerance on their sleeve. Even Pope Francis is being pilloried by the Christian Right in America for his refusal to hate and preach against Muslims.In fact, there is not a candidate left in the GOP race for president who believes in a woman s reproductive rights over her own body. Donald Trump believes women should be  punished for having abortions. Ted Cruz would outlaw abortion, with  no exceptions    even in cases of incest or rape. Even the candidate who is selling himself as the moderate, John Kasich, also calls for a total ban on abortion. There is no pro-choice version of the Republican message anymore.In economic policy, the ultra-right of the conservative movement has killed off the Eisenhower Republicans   the GOP lawmakers and voters who believed in investment, taxation and welfare as the pillars which support free enterprise and a stable, prosperous society. At the same time, the evangelists have killed any hope of social liberalism in the party.What s left behind is a cold, cruel, and crazy mob, who simply do not care about facts, evidence or rational discussion. They are zealots. Let us hope that for the sake of the Republican Party, and the country, that a complete slaughtering in election 2016 brings everyone back to their senses. https://www.facebook.com/Channel4News/videos/10153656792786939/?__mref=message_bubbleFeatured Image via Screengrab",0
7089, Bernie Sanders Predicted The Panama Papers In 2011 (VIDEO),"The Panama Papers leak recently revealed how and to what extent some wealthy international elites use Panama as a haven to avoid paying taxes in their respective countries. The leak has embarrassed public officials all over the world, led for calls in Iceland for their prime minister to resign, and illuminated to the world the sneaky and greedy ways the rich stay rich and keep getting richer.In 2011, on the Senate floor, Bernie Sanders was railing against a trade policy between the United States and Panama, citing the country is one of the biggest tax havens for the wealthy in the world: Panama s entire annual economic output is only $26.7 billion a year, or about two-tenths of one percent of the U.S. economy. No-one can legitimately make the claim that approving this free trade agreement will significantly increase American jobs,  begins Senator Sanders, before asking the Senate,  why would we be considering a stand-alone free trade agreement with this country? Bernie Sanders answers his own question in the same way throughout his campaign he has criticized the broadening income and wealthy inequality in the United States which is permeating into a litany of other various social ills. Well, it turns out that Panama is a world leader when it comes to allowing wealthy Americans and large corporations to evade U.S. taxes by stashing their cash in off-shore tax havens. And, the Panama Free Trade Agreement would make this bad situation much worse. Each and every year, the wealthy and large corporations evade $100 billion in U.S. taxes through abusive and illegal offshore tax havens in Panama and other countries. Despite the harsh opposition from Bernie Sanders, the U.S. -Panama Trade Promotion Agreement went into effect in 2012, and more than likely has facilitated the ability for wealthy individuals and corporations in America to launder money and evade paying millions in taxes to federal and state governments in America.Here s the video: Featured image via screencapture",0
7090, The US Supreme Court Has Bad News For The American People And The GOP Is To Blame,"The vacancy left by Scalia and the inevitable 4-4 ties bound to happen have left the court no choice but to deliver sorry and crippling news to the American public: The court will hear but a fraction of the cases it normally would in a session, with a mere three cases scheduled since Scalia died.The Supreme Court of the United States is tasked under article 3 section 2 with the power to decide all cases in law and equity arising under the Constitution, to interpret the laws of the nation and to be the final word in the legality of all of our treaties. The Judicial branch of the government determines precedent often over cases the people and their elected representatives can t agree on by interpreting their letter and spirit as it applies to our society as well as the intentions of the founders.That s quite a mouthful and a set of expectations that all too often fall by the wayside in favor of partisan politics. That s not to say that the court doesn t have its moments. Centrist judges and even partisan players have often taken their robes and their positions as seriously as they should, such as with the recent decisions on Obamacare subsidies and gay marriage. On the other hand, when you have to sit back and witness the destruction of the Voters Rights Act, once again the issue of partisanship comes into play. Partisan or not, the court is tasked with those decisions, and it has nine justices for a reason. Ties at the highest court of the land don t work.No matter how you view the court, its role in our government is imperative. The death of Justice Scalia and the obstructionist GOP-led senate hasn t just hampered the court s ability to function, it has rendered it nearly inoperable. Between late February and Early April, the court hears eight cases on average with a high of eleven in 2011.The reason is simple: The court isn t interested in wasting time by hearing cases that will end in a deadlock. It s counter-productive to maintaining the rule of law and a massive waste of time and resources. As a result, the court has heard cases with little consequence or controversy. The court has agreed to hear eight cases in total this term, which runs until January 2017, five of which were scheduled while Scalia was still alive. The court typically hears upwards of 70 cases in a term.That means we can forget about integral decisions on archaic abortion laws, redistricting, campaign reform, and a plethora of other issues already ruled on by lower conservative judges until sometime in 2017, or whenever the Democrats regain the Senate if Clinton or Sanders are elected this November. The Republican party doesn t play fair. Their tactics are bush league at best. By obstructing the executive branch and holding the judicial branch hostage, the GOP has effectively destroyed the republic they claim to be saving.Featured image by Win McNamara, Getty Images",0
7091, WATCH: Ben Stein LOSES IT Over Trump’s ‘Sheer Idiocy’ And ‘Horrifying’ Economic Ignorance,"Conservative economist Ben Stein just let everyone know how much he hates Republican front runner Donald Trump. Basically, there aren t enough words to describe how batsh*t crazy Stein thinks Trump is, and how terrifying the leading GOP candidate s lack of experience and ignorance on economics is.In an interview with CNN s Pamela Brown, Stein spoke at length about what he thought of Trump s grand vision for America s economy, after listening to the business mogul spew nonsense about an impeding recession and financial bubble. Stein said: In all of my years as an economist, which is roughly 50 years, I ve never seen such nonsense as we just heard from Mr. Trump. And it breaks my heart, it makes me want to cry because I m Republican, I ve never voted for a Democrat, and to think the guy who s our likely standard bearer has such nonsensical ideas on every single aspect of the economy is just breathtakingly horrible. Stein insisted that Trump has zero clue what he s talking about, and that it s  horrifying . The economist compared Trump s nonsensical  and  breathtakingly horrible rhetoric to being told  men from Mars are coming down  and  he s gonna flap his wings and fly. Stein went even further and said that it was only by  sheer idiocy  that anyone could support Trump s  wacky  ideas.Stein, like many before him, also made sure to point out that Trump s success in business (which isn t much when compared to other wealthy business men and considering all of Trump s failures) in no way qualifies him to speak on economics. Stein found it baffling that Trump doesn t actually have any real economic advisers. You know, I don t know what goes on in his head. He s a force of nature. I don t know what goes on in his head. But it s frightening that he has no economist advisers. Carl Icahn, a very smart guy on Wall Street who s made a great deal of money. Steve Wynn who runs the best hotels in Las Vegas. But as far as economic advisers, as far as I can tell, he doesn t have any and he desperately needs some. The things he s saying are wacky as wacky can be. Just off the charts. You can watch Stein tear into Trump below:Stein s hatred for Trump is so great that the conservative has actually confessed he might switch teams and vote for Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders because he s confident that Trump will  sink  the Republican party. Featured image via Getty Images / Win McNamee",0
7092, Fox News Host DESTROYS His Colleagues For Kissing Donald Trump’s Ring (TWEETS),"Fox News host Greg Gutfeld has taken to Twitter to vent his rage at senior Fox hosts for treating GOP Presidential frontrunner Donald Trump with kid gloves, and he got brutal.Gutfeld made his remarks in response to the Republican Town Hall on Sunday night, and he was not pulling any punches. He took aim at Greta Van Susteren and Sean Hannity. As the moderators soft-pedalled Trump, Gutfeld began with a series of tweets mocking the fluffing.whew another rough one for trump. how does he put up with this stuff!!  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016Soon after, he hit out again, mocking Trump s  WINNER!  exaggerations.According to my score, Donald Trump won tonights debate by an overwhelming margin (i scored it 1012 to 0)  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016And then again, savagely mocking Trump s macho bravado and schoolyard bully posturing:i have been informed tonight wasn't an actual debate, but nonetheless, the other candidates clearly were too scared to show up.  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016Just incase Gutfeld s dry attacks had been mistaken for Trump-level encouragement, he laid it on a lot thicker for his final hurrah:and get this: tomorrow Trump's gunna be on Hannity, so u know Donald will be facing the fight of his life. Thoughts and prayers.  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016FYI I'm hosting a TownHall at my place tonite where Ill be questioning drifters I met at Port Authority. leave your questions in Bryant Park  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016It will come as little surprise to hear that Trump fans immediately jumped on Gutfeld with the usual hate-tweets about being un-American and so on. But the Fox host beat them off like wanton flies.hahah. best line ever: make jokes except about what i like! https://t.co/91s0Yq2S9b  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) April 4, 2016The tweets come just a week after Gutfeld spoke out openly about the division in Fox over Trump. As the contest heats up the organization, like the Republican Party itself, is fracturing down the middle. We as a show are facing internal strife, from a micro level to a macro level  he said.  Look at The Five. On any given day, we have tension over this nomination, over this candidate. You can look at our network as a whole. Of course, it s hard to feel too sorry for Gutfeld, working for an organization which cares so little for the facts, that it s viewers have been found to be less informed than those who watch no news at all. After decades of his organization drilling the stupid into its viewers, they are now pliable to the twisted campaign of a chump like Trump.Featured image via YouTube Screengrab ",0
7093, Watch Mitch McConnell Admit He’s Lying About Why He Obstructed Obama’s SCOTUS Nominee (VIDEO),"We all heard the reasons why Republicans, mainly Mitch McConnell, swear that they will not confirm President Obama s SCOTUS nominee. It s all about the  process  or about rules that don t actually exist. That s what Mitch keeps saying anyway. It turns out he s nothing but a damned liar, and the hard evidence is in the video below.Do you remember what Mitch has been saying about why he s blocking the nominee? It s up to the next elected president to appoint a replacement. These were literally his exact words for weeks. He and other Republicans claim it will give the American people a  voice  by voting for president, allowing them to determine what side gets to pick a replacement on the Supreme Court.With McConnell s exact words in mind, CNN host Dana Bash asked Mitch if Hillary or Bernie won in November, would Republicans then concede to the will of the people and vote on and/or confirm Merrick Garland during the final months of the Obama presidency?The context is obvious. If Democrats retain control of the presidency and the nominee was content with Garland, then the  people  have spoken and a Democratic nominee should get a hearing and be confirmed. It would be  the will of the people,  as Mitch keeps saying.This is the part where Mitch forgot what he was doing and accidentally spoke truthfully.Mitch s answer to Dana was a total contradiction to every reason he s been giving about why he is holding up the confirmation process. Mitch flat out said that Republicans would NEVER allow President Obama s nominee to be placed on the Supreme Court, even if Democrats won the presidential election in November. He literally went from saying if Democrats win they get their pick, to saying even if they won Republicans would not confirm their appointment. McConnell s lame excuse was that the NRA opposed Garland. Great.. Here we go with the NRA again.At this point, it s hard to say if this is a personal grudge McConnell has with Obama, or if this is really the will of the Republican establishment. Mitch has been working very hard for 8 long years to sabotage the president while Obama just keeps handing him defeat after defeat. Now, Mitch s irrationally racist obsession with soiling the legacy of our first black president will officially extend beyond Obama s second term in office.One thing s for sure. Mitch just proved what a total liar he is, that Republicans do not actually care about the will of the voters, and that nobody can ever trust a Republican for any reason.Watch Mitch McConnel prove what a liar he is below:Featured image via screen capture",0
7094, Hotel Workers Smashed Trump In A MASSIVE Victory,"Bad news for Donald Trump! Despite his objections, workers at the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada, just delivered a huge f*ck you to The Donald with the assistance of the National Labor Relations Board. Since the employees voted to unionize in December, Trump has been fighting racist tooth and Islamophobic nail against the idea that workers deserve some modicum of self-determination   but it seems that even his  huge  hands were not enough to stop the NLRB from officially certifying the union.This comes after numerous dirty tricks, including the use of scare tactics and ironic attempts to convince the Board to throw out the workers  vote because employees were allegedly  intimidated  into agreeing to unionize in the first place. But, of course, it was Trump s goons doing the intimidating: They pressured us a lot [to vote no],  housekeeper Marisela Olvera told ThinkProgress.  They told us the union only wants our money, that if we supported the union we d lose our jobs, that the company would put our names on a blacklist and no other hotels in Las Vegas would hire us. They told us to think of what our children would do if we were out of work. Everyone was very stressed. People were afraid. But bendito sea Di s, we still won, even with all that pressure. Now, Think Progress reports that (with Trump s appeal going about as well as his attempts to win over anyone who isn t a white, straight Christian male) workers are demanding that management tuck its tail between its legs, sit down with them like adults, and work out a contract. We re just waiting for a contract,  housekeeper Maria Jaramillo told the publication.  We deserve one. We re not second-class workers. So we re here, waiting for him. Unfortunately, they may have to wait a while longer. Management says they intend to appeal the Labor Board s decision:Jaramillo and her coworkers then formed a bargaining committee, hoping that management would soon recognize their union and begin negotiating with them. But the Trump hotel signaled this week that they have no intention of doing so. We will continue our fight to ensure a fair election for our valued associates, many of whom vigorously oppose union representation,  said Jill Martin, an attorney for The Trump Organization, in a statement to reporters.  The hearing officer s recommendations erroneously disregarded the severe misconduct undertaken by Union agents, which clearly impacted an incredibly close election.  Trump management has until next week to formally challenge the NLRB recommendation, and then the Board s regional chapter will determine whether or not to certify the union. Even if the local board backs the workers, Trump can further delay by appealing their ruling to the federal board in Washington, D.C. Mr. Trump is a very good business man,  linens worker Rosebert Donato told ThinkProgress, apparently using a loose definition of both  good  and  businessman. Donoto hopes Trump will grow up, put on his big boy pants, and sit down to discuss things with the workers. He says he wants to make America great,  Olvera says.  Well, he should start here in his own house, his own business. He always brags about how he has millions and millions and millions of dollars, but he pays his workers less than most in Las Vegas. Featured image via Getty/Isaac Brekken",0
7095," Donald Trump Attacks Obama, Says He Understands The World ‘Much Better’ Than POTUS (VIDEO)","It was just a few days ago that President Barack Obama absolutely destroyed Donald Trump on his controversial comments about nuclear power. Speaking to reporters at the fourth Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., Obama addressed the Republican front runner s remarks that more countries should have nuclear weapons, and gracefully called Trump out for being a complete idiot when he said: The person who made the statements doesn t know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean Peninsula or the world generally. It was completely true and obvious statement to most   but not Trump, who lives in a self-absorbed, denial-filled bubble. Always ready to start an immature feud with people far more qualified than himself, Trump has decided to hit back at Obama   in a way that makes him seem like even more of a moron. During a campaign stop in Milwaukee, Wisconsin yesterday, Trump literally decided to tell people that he understands  the world much better  than Obama. Seriously. Watch that ridiculous moment below:For Trump to blatantly say that he knows more about how the world works than Obama, who has been an extremely successful President for the last 8 years and done more for American than Republicans will ever give him credit for, is a hilarious and yet terrifying demonstration in Trump s obvious lack of self-awareness.Trump followed that comment with criticism for the President s treatment of Syrian refugees, making the argument that the United States should not be letting them enter the country. Trump said: We have no idea where they come from. They could be ISIS, and they might not be, but they could be ISIS. Did you ever notice the migration? There are so many young strong men. Where are the women and children?And I said don t let them in, we can t let them in. We ll build a safe zone, we ll build a free zone  We ll get the Gulf states to pay, because I don t want to pay. Currently, Trump is behind his rival, Texas Senator Ted Cruz in Wisconsin   and if Cruz takes the state in its nominating contest on Tuesday, this could be a major turning point in the race for GOP nomination. If Cruz wins, he would get all of the Mid-western state s 42 delegates, making it much harder for Trump to reach the 1,237 delegates he needs to get nominated before the Republican national convention in July. Featured image via Getty Images / Mark Wilson",0
7096," Mother Calls Cops About Her Missing 12-Year-Old, So They Come And Smash His Face In","An Idaho mother who called police after her missing 12-year-old son returned home soon regretted making the call, after cops arrived and smashed the boy s face in.On March 13, Amy Olzak called Idaho Falls Police to report her son missing. After a day-long search, a friend found the boy, and like any good citizen, Olzak called the station back to let officers know that the boy had been located and any search attempts should be called off.However, the officers came to the family home anyway. By the time they were finished, they had left her 12-year-old son with broken teeth, a possible concussion, and bruising and trauma to the neck and facial area. As Olzak explained to reporters at KIKD: I just wanted them to be aware. They came over. I talked to an officer for a minute and he walked over to my son. Then he put my son s hand behind his back and like lifted him up in the air and slammed his face into the trunk of a car. Two witnesses, the car s owner Courtney Beck, and Jessica Bowles reported seeing the whole event unfold and were both unable to give a single reason for the officer s extreme actions. Bowles said: I walked up closer and saw a chipped tooth, blood, and two fats lips. Olzak called for more officers, and they agreed that the boy needed medical attention. However, the original officer refused to release the boy from handcuffs throughout the entire visit to the hospital. He was kept in handcuffs until I took him home,  Olzak said.The family sent a tort to the Idaho Falls Police last week, in order to initiate legal proceedings against the officer for using unnecessary and excessive force against a minor. The case reminds us of the growing issue of police being called to help, only to end up killing or injuring the people they should be supporting. One of the most notable cases being the killing of 68-year-old marine veteran Kenneth Chamberlain. White Plains police officers in New York broke into his home and shot him dead after a simple call to go to his aid in a potential medical emergency   and the list is growing. It doesn t help the majority of good police, or the communities that they are meant to protect and serve, to continue making these mistakes with seeming impunity. Featured image via KIDK",0
7097, Did Anonymous Just Release Records PROVING Ted Cruz Ordered Prostitutes Through DC Madam? (SCREENSHOTS),"Right-wing blogs are buzzing with what they view as absolute proof that Ted Cruz availed himself of the  DC Madam s  services while business was still booming on the elite prostitution front. Recently, Rachel Maddow reported that Deborah Palfrey s former attorney, Montgomery Blair Sibley, is ready to spill the beans on the previously-unreleased clients who were not outed as part of the original investigation. He has been in possession of these records for years, but has been prevented via restraining order from releasing them.Hundreds of names have been released, but Sibley is in possession of hundreds more   and at least one of them, he says, could alter the 2016 presidential race. To date, he has not named the person or people who made an appearance in the records, but he is adamant about releasing them. Not only has the lawyer filed a request with the Supreme Court to be released from the order that prevents him from making this information public, but he has vowed to release it illegally if need be. He has also set up a  dead man s switch  that will release the information if something happens to him that prevents him from taking action for a period of 72 hours.Many have speculated that Ted Cruz is the name on the list, given the recent National Enquirer piece that  outed  five alleged Cruz mistresses  including Donald Trump s current mouthpiece Katrina Pierson. Previously, Anonymous threatened to release evidence that Cruz frequented prostitutes   and on April 1, an account that claimed to be associated with the hacktivist collective did indeed tweet out a now-deleted image purporting to show Cruz among the many, many phone numbers contacted by Palfrey.First, there is no evidence to show that the account is in any way related to Anonymous. Additionally, it seems as though this alleged phone record may be a fake. A closer look at the image shows a rather suspicious typo on the  Date of invoice.  Specifically, it is 120/01, a date which does not exist   period.There s also the matter of the 1:32 call between 7:19 and 7:35 pm in a list that is otherwise chronological:While it is entirely possible that the records are accurate, and that the records simply contain typos, and while it is convenient and even appetizing to immediately say  BOOM   GOTCHA  after viewing these records, it does not appear that these are legitimate. While there is almost certainly something slimy in the Evangelical Christian s past that will ultimately end him, this image (which was released on April Fools  Day) is likely a fabrication that should be taken with the same grain of salt with which people should take everything conservatives say in general.What involvement, if any, did Cruz have with the DC Madam? It looks like we re still going to have to wait a while.Featured image via screengrab/photoshop",0
7098, Trump Goes FULL Propaganda Declaring He Knows Better Than ANY Expert (VIDEO),"Who needs experts, really, when one can rely on his or her own intuition? I mean, Donald Trump clearly knows better than any  expert  in regards to foreign policy. Or maybe, he s full of absolute horseshit.While campaigning in La Crosse, Wisconsin, Trump told a crowd of supporters that he s probably not going to rely on any experts. Sure, he has advisers, but according to Trump,  the experts are terrible. He said: You look at what China s doing in the South China Sea, and they say,  Oh, Trump doesn t have experts. Let me tell you, I do have experts but I know what s happening. And look at the experts we ve had, OK? Look at the experts. All of these people have had experts. You know, I ve always wanted to say this I ve never said this before with all the talking we all do all of these experts,  Oh we need an expert  The experts are terrible. Look at the mess we re in with all these experts that we have. Look at the mess. Look at the Middle East. If our presidents and our politicians went on vacation for 365 days a year and went to the beach, we d be in much better shape right now in the Middle East. Yep, he really said that, folks. He apparently thinks we d be better off if we just let ISIS take control and take part in no intervention whatsoever. At least that s what he just implied. He clearly thinks we haven t, over the course of decades, set up very valuable relationships, many that are even unheard of, because he thinks he knows better. He seems to think not knowing anything is better than knowing what you need to know.This is exactly how he is appealing to his imbecilic base of voters who really don t know any better or understand one iota how much of a delicate dance foreign policy is. Trump wants them to believe that even though he has no experience whatsoever in foreign policy or diplomacy that he is still the man for the job. Apparently ineptness is a valuable qualification.He s playing his followers like a fiddle and they are clearly too dumb to know the difference. This isn t only foolish, it s wildly dangerous. Yes, we need experts. Yes, we need people who actually have experience and know what they re doing in regards to foreign policy. For goodness sake, don t fall for his propaganda. .@realDonaldTrump:  The experts are terrible  https://t.co/yOPSgUkx2U pic.twitter.com/J8js5ttV3E  POLITICO (@politico) April 4, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7099," This Explains A Lot: Trump Said To Have Fox News-Destroying Dirt, Using It To Keep Network In Line","Why has Fox News been Donald Trump s cheerleader, even while he viciously attacks its employees? The answer may be as simple as blackmail.While much of the Republican establishment has turned on Donald Trump (conservative newspaper National Review published an entire issue bashing Trump, recall), Fox News has been conspicuously on the sidelines. It s certainly not because they want to remain neutral to the political process. This is the network, remember, that has no problem criticizing Obama for, say, eating at a nice restaurant or doing a comedy show. They ve never shied away from wearing their hack-y opinions on their sleeves.But even as Trump goes after one of Fox News  biggest stars, Megyn Kelly, with sexist, disgusting digs at her, the network has repeatedly bent over backwards to accommodate the Republican front-runner.An explosive report in New York magazine may reveal a clue as to why:An odd bit of coincidence had given him a card to play against Fox founder Roger Ailes. In 2014, I published a biography of Ailes, which upset the famously paranoid executive. Several months before it landed in stores, Ailes fired his longtime PR adviser Brian Lewis, accusing him of being a source. During Lewis s severance negotiations, Lewis hired Judd Burstein, a powerhouse litigator, and claimed he had  bombs  that would destroy Ailes and Fox News. That s when Trump got involved.Trump has often bragged about this encounter, citing it as an example of his superior negotiating skills. But he also got something out of it. When Roger was having problems, he didn t call 97 people, he called me,  Trump said. Burstein, it turned out, had worked for Trump briefly in the  90s, and Ailes asked Trump to mediate. Trump ran the negotiations out of his office at Trump Tower.  Roger had lawyers, very expensive lawyers, and they couldn t do anything. I solved the problem.  Fox paid Lewis millions to go away quietly, and Trump, I m told, learned everything Lewis had planned to leak. If Ailes ever truly went to war against Trump, Trump would have the arsenal to launch a retaliatory strike.Information that Fox News head Roger Ailes paid millions to keep quiet is floating around Trump s brain somewhere, just ready to come out of his mouth should the network really provoke him. It s no wonder Ailes has freaked out each time Trump threatened to go nuclear on the network. In a telling moment, when things had come to a head between Fox and Trump, Ailes   the man behind the most watched news network in America   rolled over and showed his belly. Unconditional surrender. Trump won.Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy & assures me that  Trump  will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2015In another example, after Trump went after Kelly, the Fox host opened up to Charlie Rose about how bad for the network Trump s animosity would be:Speaking for herself and Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes, Kelly told Rose,  Neither one of us wanted any sort of a war with Donald Trump. We didn t think that benefited the channel, we didn t think it benefited me, and we don t think it benefited Donald Trump,  adding that she believes Trump would agree.Kelly said they just wanted to  forge forward and put it behind us and not pour anymore fuel on that fire. The result is some cringeworthy segments that feature Fox pundits twisting themselves into pretzels to defend Trump s nonsense. When Trump recently changed his position on abortion three times in two days, with each new stance more nonsensical than the last, Fox s reliably dim-witted Andrea Tantaros found a way to blame his gaffes on a  trap  set by Hillary Clinton to make Trump look stupid.For years, Ailes had exploited Trump s star power to take shots at Obama. The billionaire was a regular guest on the network, and Fox no doubt introduce Trump s brand of egocentric conservatism to millions of viewers. When they had a common enemy in Obama, things were fine. Ailes never seemed to anticipate being placed in a position where Trump would use the dirt he had on Ailes against him. Like the GOP more broadly, Fox helped create the Trump Monster and now seem shocked to find that he has wrested control away from them and is on the warpath. It would almost be funny, if it weren t so scary.Featured image via ThinkProgress screenshot",0
7100, Sarah Palin Hopes This Dead Boar Will Convince You To Vote For Trump (SCREENSHOTS),"On Sunday, Sarah Palin continued her campaign of stupidity-in-the-name-of-Trump after she did her best to  Make America Great Again  by using a photo of a dead hog to convince the Stupid Part of America to vote for Trump (as though they needed convincing). In a Facebook post that may go down in the annals of history as one of her most horrifically stupid of all time (and there are a lot of them), the half-term, half-wit former Governor of Alaska attempted to woo Wisconsin voters in the most intelligent manner of which she is aware: with a picture of a dead animal. Faith of America is in you to take us forward on Tuesday; to remain strong and independent of the status quo political establishment so your vote will truly represent your optimistic spirit and desire to WORK!  Palin babbled in her post.  Hardworking Wisconsinites deserve much better than a repeat of the establishment s agenda that led to losing this great state to Obama in 2012   by 200,000 votes! She encouraged her supporters to say  ENOUGH  to the  continued political games of the permanent political class,  otherwise she says a Hillary Clinton presidency is assured.  Vote for Donald Trump on Tuesday to make America great again. This is the message shared with diverse Wisconsin voters this weekend, including those of you I m thrilled to see today at  Zingers and Flingers  Gun Range in Wausau today at 12:30,  she concluded.  See you there! For some inexplicible reason, she punctuated this bizarre rant with a photo of a hog she apparently killed in an effort to cater to those who are obsessed with that sort of thing   like a cat dragging home a mouse in an effort to make someone love it more:Recently, Palin informed Wisconsinites that America is  seducing  immigrant children with  teddy bears and soccer balls  in a speech that had those who were listening struggling to refrain from laughing at her. While conservatives are stupid enough to listen to this babbling moron, the rest of the country (fortunately) learned long ago to ignore her.Featured image via screengrab ",0
7101, Supreme Court Unanimously Rejects Republican’s Latest Election Rigging Scheme,"In another humiliating defeat that will have major ramifications for Republicans going forward, all 8 Justices on the Supreme Court upheld a lower court s ruling that Texas Republicans could not redraw voting districts to suppress the growing Latino vote.The  one person, one vote  case was designed by conservatives to exclude non-voting populations when drawing the electoral map for the state. The immediate effect would be that districts with large numbers of non-eligible voters (like, for instance, Latino immigrants and children), would be lumped together, giving much more power to rural, mostly white and older, districts.I m sure you ll be shocked to know that older white people tend to vote Republican. But that surely wasn t the intent behind this move to consolidate power increase the fairness of elections for white people everyone.If this all sounds a bit confusing (and it should), what Republicans were trying to say is that people who can t vote, children, immigrants, convicted felons, etc. do not deserve the same kind of representation in their local government. Because they re not really people or something. But really, this was just the latest GOP attempt at rigging elections.Right now, the populations of large racially diverse cities mean that those cities have several (or more) voting districts and they tend to be far more liberal than rural, mostly white districts. That means that in a state like Texas, the cities are threatening to overpower the rural areas in terms of electoral power and turn the state purple and eventually blue. The goal of this court case was to reverse that trend and greatly reduce the number of city districts, thus, making the rural (and conservative) districts more powerful.But apparently this was a voter suppression tactic too far for even the conservatives on the Court:Six justices signed on to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg s decision, and Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas   the most conservative members of the court   concurred in the judgment. Total-population apportionment meets the equal protection demand, by rendering each representative alert to the interests and constituent-service requests of all who dwell in the representative s district,  Ginsburg said.Even if Scalia had still been alive, it looks like he might have been the only dissent. And maybe Thomas after Scalia had told him what to think.The conservative Justices were not opposed to the basic premise of the plan (stripping large cities of their voting power), just this particular method. Once Republicans come up with a new avenue of attack (and they will), they ll try it again and if Republicans control the White House and put another Scalia on the bench, they might get away with it next time.See why voting blue is important?Featured image via wikipedia ",0
7102, Morning Joe Hilariously Trashes Sarah Palin’s Crazy Rant In Wisconsin (VIDEO),"Sarah Palin must have been on some powerful drugs when she delivered a rambling word salad to an unenthused audience on Friday.At least that s what the Morning Joe panel on MSNBC thinks.On Monday, host Joe Scarborough asked if Palin took bad acid prior to her speech in support of Republican front-runner Donald Trump. Illegal immigrants, welcoming them in, even inducing and seducing them with gift baskets.  Come on over the border, and we ll   here s a gift basket of teddy bears and soccer balls,  Palin ranted.  Our kids, and our grandkids, they ll never know then what it is to be rewarded for that entrepreneurial spirit that God creates within us, in order to work and to produce and to strive and to the thrive   and to really be alive,  she continued bewilderingly. Halfway through her speech did you ask if you had stumbled into some bad acid?  Scarborough asked John Heilemann, who attended Palin s speech and witnessed the insanity first-hand. Well the question was,  Who has taken the bad acid?  he replied.  She was not fully   if the opposite of  dissociative  is  associative,  she was not fully associative. Let s say that it was not a fully coherent speech, let s put it that way. Mika Brzezinski cautioned that Palin s rant could be  the most articulate moment of the campaign,  but Scarborough introduced video of Palin s word salad.  Ladies and gentlemen, Winston Churchill, 1940. Scarborough and Heeilemann went on to debate whether Palin s rant reminded them more of the rock song  White Rabbit  or  Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds  before agreeing that they all had no idea what she was trying to convey.Here s the video via Twitter..@morningmika on Sarah Palin s speech in Wisconsin: It was word salad https://t.co/v7Uw9VtNDJ  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) April 4, 2016If Palin was on drugs then this isn t the first time she has used them. She has been delivering word salad speeches since being introduced in 2008 as the GOP vice presidential candidate. And that leads to an even bigger question. What drug was John McCain on when he picked her?Featured image via screen capture",0
7103, Trump Fan Scott Baio Proves How Dumb He Truly Is With Moronic Global Warming Tweet,"There are a lot of things people can forgive in life, but utter stupidity for lack of even remotely trying to comprehend a subject isn t one of those things. When information is readily available to learn about something, but you simply ignore the reality of that information to go with your own moronic viewpoint because it makes more sense to you, well, you deserve to be ridiculed.Global Warming, or rather Climate Change, is very real, and there are unending facts to prove it. Yet, there are still those who choose to ignore 97% of scientists, decades of research, and a quite visible increase in abnormal weather patterns. One of those people is Donald Trump supporter Scott Baio. The Happy Days star may have literally just put one of the most moronic tweets to ever exist up on his feed Sunday night.He said: Dear Global Warming, Funny, I spent 4 days in Palm Desert playing golf, getting a tan while looking at the snow on the mountains. Dear Global Warming, Funny, I spent 4 days in Palm Desert playing golf, getting a tan while looking at the snow on the mountains.  Scott Baio (@ScottBaio) April 4, 2016Okay, first of all, he clearly doesn t understand local weather patterns involving altitude and moisture let alone the ongoing climate change crisis. Yes, when it s hot in the dry California valleys and deserts it can still be cold in the mountain regions which get more moisture and are much higher in altitude, yet still visible from the valleys and deserts.Rarely would I dub someone so clearly and utterly moronic, but this seems to be well worthy of the condemnation. We already knew he was pretty dumb for supporting Trump, but this takes the cake.Featured Photo by Jesse Grant/Getty Images for Clear Channel",0
7104, Today Is The One-Year Anniversary Of Walter Scott’s Murder By Cop (VIDEO),"On April 4th, 2015, 50-year-old Walter Scott, a father of four, was pulled over by Officer Michael Slager in North Charleston, South Carolina. The cop reportedly stopped him for a broken brake light. The officer lied and said Scott attacked him and took his taser, but a bystander recorded the incident on a cell phone to the horrifying dismay of the country. The video clearly shows an unarmed Scott running away from the officer. Instead of pursuing Scott, the officer fires eight shots, killing Scott.The city agreed to pay Scott s family $6.5 million, and a grand jury handed down a murder indictment for Officer Michael Slager. Such settlements and indictments for police officers who shoot people are extremely rare, and Walter Scott is one of many black victims over the past few years to be killed by a white police officer, while police departments across the country fail to assume accountability for these constant occurrences. Freddie Gray, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Tanisha Anderson, John Crawford III, Michael Brown Jr   the list goes on and on.People of color are increasingly at risk for being at the wrong place at the wrong time when it comes to excessive force used by many police departments. Instead of holding the officers and their departments accountable, the victims are often subjected to attacks and criticisms to disregard the outrage, unrest, and civil disobedience in cities like Ferguson, Missouri or Baltimore, Maryland. They don t acknowledge the pain and trauma inflicted on these communities by police departments who police in ways that render unarmed people being shot to death. The officer is currently out on bail of $500,000 awaiting trial later this year. This is a travesty, as given the nature of the crime, no bail should have been granted. Non-violent criminals have received stricter bail bonds. Slager also tried to sue the Southern States Police Benevolent Association for not helping him with his defense.Hopefully, there is a murder conviction in this man s future.Featured image via Flickr",0
7105, Trump’s Star May Be Removed From The Hollywood Walk Of Fame And The Reason Will Make You Laugh (TWEETS),"When a celebrity is given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, it stays there forever. So, it was surprising to hear that Donald Trump s star may be removed, but the reason why is absolutely hilarious.Over the weekend, there were reports that the Hollywood Historic Trust is weighing whether or not to remove Trump s star because people won t stop vandalizing it.Here are a few of the things tourists have done to it:A picture I took of Donald Trump s star on the Walk of Fame in LA a few months ago pic.twitter.com/FnuKhRY7n4  Khalid (@WorldOfK_) March 10, 2016 Somebody has defaced Donald Trump s Hollywood star and people aren t sure whether it was a supporter or a protester  pic.twitter.com/LRRFNA6zuH  Rhoda Sharp (@So2012Trust) March 25, 2016My friend s service dog accidentally took a shit on Donald Trump s Hollywood star. Best thing I ve seen all day. pic.twitter.com/8lvqkTZPfk  Taylor McCollum (@Taybuggxoxo) March 16, 2016Now, the likelihood of Trump s star actually being removed is pretty low because the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce believes that once a star is added it becomes part of history. As a matter of fact, when they were asked if they planned on removing Bill Cosby s star, President Leron Gubler said: The answer is no. Once a star has been added to the Walk, it is considered a part of the historic fabric of the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Trump is an absolutely vile human being. He has made a name for himself in politics on the backs of others. He incites violence, treats women like garbage, promotes xenophobic and Islamophobic hate and feels no remorse for any of it. While I understand that the Chamber of Commerce s point of view, I disagree with it.  Hopefully, the rumors are true and the Hollywood Trust is actually considering the possibility of removing it and can put pressure on the Chamber. We should not honor the Trumps and Cosbys of the world, they certainly do not deserve it.Featured image via Twitter",0
7106, WATCH: Justin Timberlake Just Made A Joke About Trump That Everyone Needs To Hear,"Justin Timberlake gave a speech at the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Awards Sunday night, and he took a few shots and made a couple of jokes about Republican frontrunner Donald Trump. In a speech dedicated to Taylor Swift who won the Best Tour award, Timberlake said that Swift breaks down walls and others build them.In a clear  reference to Donald Trump, Timberlake said,  Some people are out here to build walls. We ain t naming no names   That was a political joke.  The crowd then broke into laughter. He then told the largely underage audience,  Shut up! You can t even vote.  Taylor chooses to knock down walls and invites everyone to be on her  #squad,  Timberlake continued.One would have to ask the question of why this would even be a story. However, Timberlake clearly realizes that he has a very important and rare platform. He s someone who has the potential to both reach and influence tens of millions of people, many of whom both idolize him and at the same time can vote.His words have the potential to resonate to many out there to go out and vote and make the right choice when voting. That  choice is clearly not Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.Watch video here:https://youtu.be/p0CZJO3hzfo Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7107, The Panama Papers: How The 1%’s Greed Has Literally Been Killing Millions Of People (VIDEO),"One of the immediate benefits of The Panama Papers is that we now have a clear picture of how corrupt corporations have been both actively causing the death of millions of people all around the world.In a video created by the International Coalition of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), they explain how the law firm Mossack Fonseca has been enabling corporations to sell fuel and weapons being used to kill tens of thousands of Syrian civilians to continue doing business despite an international ban imposed by the United States, the UK and several other countries.ICIJ also highlights how the law firm decided it wasn t their business to report one of their clients to the police for being a child rapist that later sold his victims into sex slavery:One of the ringleaders was a client of Mossack Fonseca. When the firm discovered their client was a pedophile, they decided that they were not legally obliged to report his off shore business activities to the authorities.Another galling example shown in the video is how one company, with the help of Mossack Fonseca, deprived the nation of Uganda of over $400 million in taxes. In a country as poor as Uganda, this lack of money leads directly to the death of women and children who cannot receive proper healthcare. Remember that when you hear a Republican refuse to investigate the law firm in the coming weeks.Mossack Fonseca is also involved with laundering money for the international drug trade, which is where the millions of dead people mentioned in the title come from.Watch the video below and try to imagine what kind of people can be so callous towards their fellow man: Featured image via screen capture",0
7108, Biggest Leak EVER Exposes How The 1% Dodges Millions In Taxes (VIDEO),"A secret cache of documents revealing the tax avoidance techniques used by some of the world s most elite politicians, leaders, and celebrities has been leaked to the press. Dubbed  the Panama Papers  the 11.5 million documents come from the servers of Mossack Fonseca, the fourth biggest offshore law firm in the world.The Panama Papers were leaked by an anonymous source to S ddeutsche Zeitung, a German newspaper. They were then shared with the UK Guardian and the BBC.Some revelations from the documents, according to The Guardian who describes them as  an unprecedented leak :While legal, storing money offshore to avoid taxes has been a loophole exploited by the rich and well-connected in a way that drives average citizens and taxpayers insane. In the 2012 election, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney was pilloried for moving money offshore to the Cayman Islands, in what was condemned as a way to avoid paying taxes.Corporations, of course, hide their funds offshore at an even larger scale than individual millionaires and billionaires. Apple, for instance, has been exposed for this practice. Apple keeps enough money offshore to avoid paying $59.2 billion in U.S. taxes it would otherwise be liable for if it kept that money in American accounts. Google kept $47 billion offshore, while Microsoft found a way to skip out on paying $34.5 billion in American taxes by keeping its money on foreign soil.This leak won t end offshore tax avoidance, but it may put more pressure on governments to close some of the loopholes the 1 percent is exploiting as the rest of us pay our bills.Featured image via Flickr",0
7109, This Leaked Secret Memo Reveals A YUGE Problem Destroying Trump (IMAGE),"An internal memo leaked from Donald Trump s campaign to the national press shows that his cultish campaign team is not dealing well with the campaign s most recent round of negative press. The memo was leaked to the Washington Post from a Republican operative in touch with Trump s inner circle.The memo, from senior Trump adviser Barry Bennett, doesn t look good:Entitled  Digging through the Bull [expletive],  Bennett s memo urged Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski   who was charged with battery last week for yanking a reporter   and others to ignore critics who have questioned whether Trump s campaign for the Republican presidential nomination has waned. America is sick of them. Their idiotic attacks just remind voters why they hate the Washington Establishment,  Bennett wrote, citing tracking poll data favorable to Trump. Donald Trump 1,  Bennett declared, as if he was scoring the past week.  Washington Establishment/Media 0. By nature, most campaigns devolve into a bunker mentality, but this document reads more like a personal letter to Donald Trump to buck up after a disastrous week. Rather than seriously citing any data or giving strategy advice to Trump and his team, the memo follows the candidate s well-worn pattern of attacking its detractors while pumping up the boss. It s more evidence of the Trump campaign being more like a cult than an operation designed to elect a commander-in-chief.Trump stumbled badly over a key issue, abortion, this past week. He offered multiple positions on the issue, while also advocating for  punishment  for women who have the procedure   something that would happen if Republicans get their wish in outlawing abortion, but also a topic more skilled Republican politicians know how to avoid.He s also in a bad place in Wisconsin, polling behind Senator Ted Cruz ahead of the primary there after being ahead of him by 10 percent a month ago.In the most recent national polls, Trump is on a path to be a disaster against both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Memos divorced from reality don t help that.Featured image via Flickr",0
7110, These Panties Let You Protest Anti-Choice Republicans In The Most HILARIOUS Way (IMAGES),"Republicans are no friend to women, that much is obvious. They have been steadily passing anti-choice laws in red states for some time now; in fact, many women in these states have literally no access to reproductive health services due to these draconian bills. Well, one entrepreneur has an awesome way for women everywhere to be able to take out their frustrations on anti-woman Republicans: By bleeding all over them every month.Etsy shop Cute Fruit Undies has come out with a line of period panties   meaning panties that can be used in the place of tampons or sanitary pads   that feature the faces of anti-choice GOPers right on the crotch. You can choose from many different politicians   Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin, and more. Here are the photos used for the design: The panties themselves are super cute, and they even come with heat packs to help with the cramps so many women suffer through during menstruation.The makers of the panties say that they are made up of the faces of politicians who have actively worked to pass legislation that will hinder women s access to abortions, birth control, and Planned Parenthood,  and therefore you should  bleed all over  em. The panties are also super healthy, as they are absorbent and anti-bacterial. You can also buy sets that include crop tops that match as well.I don t know about you ladies, but I ll definitely be getting some of these. Oh, and the best part? Three dollars of each sale goes to Planned Parenthood locations in states affected by these politicians  crazy laws.All images via Cute Fruit Undies/Facebook/Buzzfeed",0
7111, This Mainstream News Organization Thinks Trump Is So Awful They’ve Done Something Shocking,"We have always known that the Republican Party is filled with xenophobic, racist, misogynist, Islamophobic, everythingphobic imbeciles. When President Obama was elected in 2008, this became very, very obvious as right-wingers went full-on racist because an African-American man was suddenly the most powerful leader in the world. However, while we saw this hate all across the internet and sometimes on bumper stickers, they managed to sort of keep it under wraps. Donald Trump changed that all last year when he skyrocketed to first place in the GOP primary by running on a platform made solely of the hate mentioned above. In fact, he is so vile and divisive that the Huffington Post reminds their readers of it on every single article they publish about him.I was recently reading an article about Trump on the HuffPo s website when I noticed this at the bottom of the piece:Editor s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims   1.6 billion members of an entire religion   from entering the U.S.This struck me as odd, so I investigated it a little further and saw the Trump disclaimer on every article about the billionaire.While HuffPo has always been left-leaning, it is a well-respected news organization that is read by people across the political spectrum, that s what makes this editor s note so shocking. When POLITICO asked the organization about their decision to add this to their articles, a spokesperson responded: Yes, we re planning to add this note to all future stories about Trump. No other candidate has called for banning 1.6 billion people from the country! If any other candidate makes such a proposal, we ll append a note under pieces about them. There is no doubt that this disclaimer will make some Republicans declare the Huffington Post biased, but that s because they can t face the fact that it is true. Trump is a serial liar, he lies seventy-six percent of the time. He is a rampant xenophobe, just listen to what he has to say about Mexicans and refugees. The frontrunner hates women, his feuds with conservative, Fox mouthpieceMegyn Kelly shone a bright, glaring spotlight on that. And we all know that his proclamations about President Obama not being a real American is what originally made Trump so popular.The Huffington Post should be commended for this decision, they are the only mainstream media organization to do something this bold.Bravo, HuffPo, bravo.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
7112, Comedian Margaret Cho Compares Donald Trump To Roman Emperor Nero," We re paying so much attention to Donald Trump,  Comedian Margaret Cho told Addicting Info in a phone interview. Ms. Cho has openly endorsed Bernie Sanders, but has applauded Hillary Clinton s political efforts as well.  What he has done to politics is a travesty. It s a real embarrassment to the nature of politics in America. This was a dignified profession. There is a circus element to him. It s almost like we re looking at Nero. Nero is infamously known as the most tyrannical and insane emperor s Rome ever had. After taking the throne at the age of 17, Nero had his mother killed, was known for overt self-indulging and had anyone who dissented against him killed. For leisure, Nero would wander the streets of Rome and murder people at random.  After a fire burned most of Rome to the ground, Nero pointed the finger at Christians, which began a reign of persecuting and torturing anyone associated with the religion, similar to the rhetoric from Donald Trump against Muslims. A few years later, Rome finally rebelled against Nero s tyrannical rule, and Nero committed suicide, leaving no heir to the throne and a free for all among Rome s military generals to seize power.The rise of Donald Trump has invoked similar fears that such a tyrannical ruler could become President of the United States. Although, it is incredibly unlikely Donald Trump would ever reach the extent Nero did, with the support of a GOP majority in Congress, Donald Trump would likely reverse decades of progressive reforms Democrats have worked endlessly to push into legislation. The Supreme Court could possibly receive a judge incredibly unfit to be serving in such a capacity. Groups such as those who identify with the Muslim religion would be in even greater danger of their rights being taken away as Donald Trump has made proposals similar to those enacted by Adolf Hitler preceding the Holocaust during World War II. The comparisons to Hitler are not that far off,  added Ms. Cho.  It s a very dangerous time.  Senator Ted Cruz doesn t offer any better of an option for Republicans, who may face a brokered convention as many leaders in the party don t want Donald Trump or Ted Cruz as their nominee either.Featured image via Flickr",0
7113," Pastor’s Massive Drug Operation Had Help From Cops, Teachers, Clowns (VIDEO)","Robert Jaynes Jr. of Irvington, Indiana s Bible Baptist Church was sentenced to 12.5 years in prison after pleading guilty to federal drug charges earlier this week.According to Indy Star, Jaynes, described as a fire and brimstone, fundamentalist preacher, used the church as a cover for a multi-million-dollar drug enterprise, which  reached from New Palestine to China. More than a dozen others were arrested in connection with the Bible Baptist Church drug ring, during an FBI sting that encompassed several states.Those involved in the drug operation included a ring of police officers, school teachers, even a traveling clown who ran as a Libertarian candidate for the Indiana senate, Doug Sloan.Another man accused of running a front for the drug operation, David Neal, killed himself while awaiting trial. According to Indy Star, Neal operated a business called IDK (I Don t Know) Anything LLC. He was accused of purchasing more than $240,000 worth of drugs from the pastor, which he then sold through another business, Beautiful Cars of Indiana.Jaynes, Sloan and others involved in the drug operation reportedly all have ties to Russell Taylor, the former head of Jared Fogle s Foundation, who is now in prison for child pornography.All-in-all authorities say that the pastor produced over a 100 tons of synthetic marijuana, bringing in more than $2.6 million through the synthetic drug sales.As Indy Star reports:Jaynes employed church members in his drug enterprise, and members wrote personal checks to foreign suppliers of illegal substances used to make spice. Some laundered profits through personal bank accounts. Others produced and packaged the drugs at warehouses run by Jaynes and Parsons. One even kept the drug ring s books.According to Esquire, most of Jayne s church members believed that they were helping the pastor run a potpourri business.Indy Star reports that through it all  Jaynes continued to preach the word of God, fervently imploring his parishioners to turn away from earthly temptations. Here s video from Indy Star. Featured image via video screen capture via Indy Star",0
7114, Mississippi Landlord Just EVICTED An Interracial Couple Because His Church Told Him To (VIDEO),"With the nation focused on anti-LGBT  religious liberty  battles, a Mississippi landlord has done something that brings focus back to one of our nation s prior fights over  religious liberty    the right to discriminate against interracial couples. In 2011, a poll taken among Republicans in the Red state of Mississippi revealed that a shocking 46 percent of them want to ban interracial marriages outright.In 1946, then-Mississippi Governor Theodore Bilbo wrote that [p]urity of race is a gift of God   And God, in his infinite wisdom, has so ordained it that when man destroys his racial purity, it can never be redeemed  and that God  was the original segregationist.  He may be dead, and African-Americans may have rights now  (including the freedom to marry anyone they choose) that they did not have when Bilbo was in charge, but his spirit lives on in RV park landlord Gene Baker, who admitted over the weekend that he evicted an interracial couple simply because they were an interracial couple. Me and my husband, not ever in 10 years have we experienced any problem,  said Erica Flores Dunahoo, who is Hispanic and Native American.  Nobody s given us dirty looks. This is our first time.  Her husband, a former National Guardsman of more than a decade, is black   something that bothers the racist landlord s friends, neighbors, and church.In February, Dunahoo and her husband, Standley Hoskins, and their two children were set to move into an RV sace to save money and  get our life on track,  the lighter half of the interracial couple explained. On February 28, she gave Baker a check for $275 to pay for a month s rent. This should have been the end of it   she paid her rent and inexchange she should have been allowed to stay. In fact, there were no problems that first day. He was real nice,  she said.  He invited me to church and gave me a hug. I bragged on him to my family. Unfortunately, the next morning, Baker called her, fuming:Dunahoo told him that she didn t realize it would be a problem. It is, after all, 2016. Oh, it s a big problem with the members of my church, my community and my mother-in-law, Baker told her.  They don t allow that black and white shacking. We re not shacking. We re married,  she replied, but Baker would have none of it, explaining that  it s the same thing. You don t talk like you wouldn t be with no black man,  the church-going  Christian  continued.  If you would had come across like you were with a black man, we wouldn t have this problem right now. Dunahoo explained that her husband is not a  thug,  and told Baker of his distinguished and lengthy service to our country, but that didn t matter to the landlord. All he saw was black. He returned the $275 and forced them to leave. They took refuge at another RV park, where rent is higher   $325 a month.Baker maintains that he is not a racist, telling the Clarion-Ledger that he only refused to provide a space to the couple because of the issues members of his church and community had with a black man and a light-skinned woman shacking.  He even says they would be welcome to attend his church. They just could not be members, because the church does not believe in interracial marriage.To avoid future issues, he plans to completely close his RV park down just in case he ever encounters another interracial couple who wishes to rent a space: I m closing it down, and that solves the problem. Recently, the Mississippi state Senate passed a  religious liberty  bill allowing businesses to deny service to the LGBT community   just like they used to do (and some individuals currently still do) with interracial couples.Hate is hate   and unfortunately the state of Mississippi is full of it, apparently.Watch a report on this blatant and unabashed act of discrimination below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7115, WATCH: Donald Trump Pleads For Kasich To Drop Out Of The Race (VIDEO),"On Sunday, Donald Trump called for his Republican presidential primary rival, John Kasich, to drop out of the race. He s taking my votes,  Trump said. Well, Trump, that s not how any of this democracy thing we have works but okay.Trump lamented the fact that Kasich has not dropped out of the race, claiming that Kasich is  taking  more votes away from (referring to himself in the third person)  Trump  than Cruz. All he s doing is just, he goes from place to place and loses, and he keeps running. Well, why doesn t Marco Rubio do that? Why doesn t Jeb Bush do that? Why didn t all of them do that? Now if he wants to go and have his name put in nomination in the convention, he can do that. He doesn t have to run and take my votes. Now, not to second guess Trump s clearly well-researched analysis, I highly doubt that people who plan on voting for Kasich are going to flock to Trump over Cruz. Or even that they would even bother voting for either of the two candidates. Kasich, while not nearly as moderate as he would like people to think he is, is the choice candidate for those Republican voters who want the GOP to retain some shred of dignity.While Kasich is far behind in the primary race, his continued run does pose a threat to Trump s campaign. The RNC s only hope at this point to prevent a Trump nomination is a contested convention. Even if Trump receives the most amount of delegates, if he does not receive a majority of delegates, Republicans can deny him a nomination.Every delegate that Cruz and Kasich soak up puts Trump further away from having a majority of delegates.You can watch Trump cry about Kasich s campaign below:Featured Image from (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)",0
7116," John Boehner Tries To Post On Facebook Like A Regular Guy, Fails Miserably And Pays Dearly (IMAGE)","Former Speaker of the House John Boehner took to Facebook recently to convince people he s just an average Joe who takes pride in his lawn. After cutting his losses and running away with his tail between his legs when the going got tough with the right-wing extremists he helped cultivate, Boehner has settled into a modest life of being the guy next door:https://www.facebook.com/johnboehner/photos/a.10150573014610550.478816.7328265549/10154712993335550/?type=3If you take the post at face value, you have a guy from Ohio with perfectly green grass and your standard lawn mower. The problem is, John Boehner isn t a regular guy from Ohio with perfect grass he s worked hard to cultivate, he s a rich elitist standing in front of a mansion with acres of lawn. The mower is probably borrowed from his landscaper; it s more than likely the little one he uses around flower beds and other areas that the industrial zero-turn mower won t fit in.In other words, the post is, more than likely, a complete farce. Is it possible that John Boehner mows his own lawn with a 24 inch Toro? Sure. Is it possible that he s responsible for having a perfectly cut, lush green lawn in March when everyone else is still waiting for the frost to heave? Absolutely. Is it realistic? Not by a long shot. It really makes no difference. The guy is a has been who will be remembered for caving to the Tea Party or Freedom Caucus or whatever the religious zealots demanding government be reduced to four guys and a calculator is calling themselves these days.What is remarkable about the post are the comments. It s almost sad. You almost want to feel bad for the guy. The comments aren t from Democrats looking to disparage him for his obvious privilege, they re from the imbeciles who vote for Tea Party douchebags, setting poor Speaker Boehner s social media world ablaze with accusations that he s a RINO (Republican in name only) who is responsible for Obamacare and anything else the Democrats managed to accomplish while he was in office. They truly just tore him to pieces: Those are just a few of the scathing comments. You can visit the post yourself to see just how useless the right finds John Boehner to be. They hate him more than we do.Featured image from Facebook",0
7117, Protesters Bring 51-Foot Long Joint To White House Demanding Marijuana Be Rescheduled (VIDEO),"On Saturday, pro-marijuana activists held a massive demonstration outside of the White House.The activists called on President Obama to reschedule marijuana down from a Schedule 1 controlled substance. A Schedule 1 controlled substance, marijuana is legally considered to be as dangerous as heroin. That s an especially cruel joke when one takes into consideration that medical marijuana is proving to actually help reduce opiate addiction.One of the most popular tourist destinations in DC is looking, and smelling, more like a reggae concert. pic.twitter.com/b2tbmkQCCm  Alex Mallin (@alex_mallin) April 2, 2016Activists openly smoked marijuana during the protest, in an attempt to show just how little danger smoking marijuana actually is. It is legal to carry up to two ounces of marijuana in Washington D.C., though it is still illegal to smoke in public. It is also illegal to smoke marijuana on federal property. No arrests were made during the demonstration.Protestors brought along with them a 51-foot inflatable joint. However, Secret Service agents told organizers that the protest prop had to go due to security concerns.Secret Service officers currently blocking pro-marijuana protesters from carrying ""51-ft joint"" in front of WH. pic.twitter.com/cb7E7ag2FW  Alex Mallin (@alex_mallin) April 2, 2016The event was organized by DCMJ, who wrote on their website: While we have been able to drastically reduce arrests for marijuana possession in the District of Columbia, millions of Americans across the United States are not so lucky. As long as cannabis is treated in the same category of drugs as heroin, with no accepted medical use, police will continue to arrest & lockup our brothers and sisters. Marijuana is currently legal in 23 states in some form. Of those 23, marijuana is legal for recreational use in four states and Washington D.C. After legalizing marijuana, those states have seen jaw-dropping amounts of sales tax revenue come in from legalized marijuana.https://www.facebook.com/ajplusenglish/videos/vb.407570359384477/711454438996066/?type=2&theaterHowever, as marijuana is still a Schedule 1 controlled substance, states have proven to be hesitant to legalize the drug unless voters force them to by means of a ballot initiative. This makes the state-by-state approach to marijuana legalization incredibly slow.In 2014, a pot arrest was made once every 45 seconds in the United States. That s nearly 701,000 people who have had their lives shattered for simply having marijuana in their possession.Every day people continue to be arrested for marijuana possession in the war on drugs. A war that is, in reality, nothing more than a war against communities of color and the poor. Featured Image from AJ+ video screenshot via Facebook",0
7118," University Retracts Study Claiming Chocolate Milk Cures Concussions, Returns 229K To Sponsors","If you happened to see the University of Maryland s press releases touting the benefits of  Fifth Quarter chocolate milk for athletes suffering from concussions, you might have wondered if it was an April fools joke.According to those press releases, University researchers discovered that chocolate milk  helps improve the cognitive and motor functions of high school football players, even after suffering concussions. Not just any chocolate milk will do, though. The University s press releases claimed that a specific brand, Fifth Quarters, stands head and shoulders above other brands of chocolate milk when it comes to boosting the brain power of athletes and concussion sufferers.A press release posted in July of last year read more like a late-night infomercial hosted by Dr. Oz,  rather than a University press release.Titled  Super Natural Cows Make the Best Sports Recovery Drinks,  it touted, not just best the benefits of Fifth Quarters chocolate milk, but the benefits of capitalism too, proclaiming:The magic formula for the ultimate sports recovery drink starts with cows, runs through the University of Maryland and ends with capitalism.According to the press release, which has since been removed from the University s website, but is still accessible through Google cache:Richard Doak and Kurt Williams stood behind a fence at a high school football game in the mountains of western Maryland and wondered why kids were getting injured more often. If it wasn t their training, they thought, then it had to be their nutrition.Next they did what any good parents would do they conducted research, created a solution and started a company so athletes everywhere could benefit from their discovery.If you think this sounds more like a cheesy advertisement than a summary of academic research, you wouldn t be alone.It gets worse.According to the press release, Doak and Williams were surprised by what they discovered: The freshest milk legally possible, from the best cows, provided more of what athletes  bodies need than any artificial commercial drink: protein 20 grams, as much as most whey drinks, along with a special kind of protein that remains available for hours after drinking it; electrolytes far more than products on the shelf; and calcium and vitamin D for strong bones. They added natural cane sugar and cocoa to make it tasty for kids and to restore glycogen to muscles.But of course they needed proof of this.That s why they gave the University of Maryland $228,910 to conduct  research  through UMD s Industrial Partnership s Program.To understand what that program is, and what it means to the future of independent and ethical research, look no further than the school s own description of it, which cites  academic-industrial, public-private partnerships. In other words, this is a program that conducts privately-funded research on behalf of businesses and corporations.In this case, the ethical problems were entirely obvious.Without releasing any details on the study, the press release proclaimed that:Jae Kun Shim, a professor of kinesiology in the School of Public Health, conducted a year-long study to test how well Fifth Quarter Fresh aides the post-exercise recovery of muscular endurance compared to other popular sports drinks. It outperformed competing products by 13-17 percent. It included the following remarks from Professor Shim: I knew they had a high-quality milk with less damaged protein [than whey protein drinks] and more electrolytes, but I didn t expect it would make much difference for strength endurance recovery. There are many studies out there that show the cardiovascular recovery benefits from milk-based products, but this data is unique because we are showing that the muscular endurance recovery from this chocolate milk is significant. Our data suggests that athletes may be ready faster and better for the next game or practice if they drink Fifth Quarter Fresh chocolate milk. And that s not all folk. According to Industry spokespersons, who had a heavy hand in both the research and the press release:One secret to making higher quality milk, Doak and Williams discovered, is in the cows Jerseys and Guernseys whose milk innately has higher amounts of protein, electrolytes, calcium and carbohydrates than the milk we typically buy in stores. Store milk is produced primarily by Holsteins, which comprise 90 percent of the herds in the U.S. simply because they produce more milk per cow.It went on to claim: Jerseys naturally produce the highest quality milk for human consumption,  said Erick Metzger, general manager of National All-Jersey Inc., an industry group.  Compared to average milk, a glass of Jersey milk has greater nutritional value. Nutrient-dense Jersey milk tastes better because there are more non-fat solids, protein and calcium in Jersey milk when compared with other breeds. The University was forced to retract the study, refunding the $228,910 it received from Fifth Quarters and other milk producers, to conduct what Professor Shim described as a $100,000 research project.On Friday, the University announced the results of the school s internal investigation into the project.As CBS News reports here, the University s investigation found a concerning lack of understanding of the basic principles of conflict of interest in research at all levels of the process. You don t say?The University of Maryland s  chocolate-milk-cures-concussions  research is likely to go down in history as some of the worst corporate-funded pseudo-science of our time.The lack of ethics applied by researchers in this specific study are glaringly apparent, even to the most casual observer.The real concern is that this type of corporate-funded research is taking place more and more often in the United States. Fossil fuel companies pay big money to any  researcher  willing to deny climate change or demonstrate how safe fracking is.The pharmaceutical industry funds the research that determines whether or not the products it markets to consumers are safe, while Biotech corporations fund research into the safety of GMO. The list of industries buying science goes on and on.While we often hear that all this corporate money flowing into America s colleges and universities doesn t influence research, the Fifth Quarters study shows otherwise. Featured image via wikipedia cc 2.0",0
7119, Megyn Kelly Makes STARTLING Revelation About Her Spat With Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Megyn Kelly has been around for a while as a reporter. Like the majority of people in her field, her work has been praised by some and not liked by others. Yet, ever since her spat with Donald Trump, she has been catapulted to a level of unprecedented notoriety. In some ways, her new found fame has had positive ramifications, but in other ways it has been frightening, especially when you factor in Donald Trump. He seems to have inspired many people, some of them with racist and violent tendencies.Kelly knows first hand what it is  like to get on the bad side of Trump supporters because she has been receiving death threats. Kelly said,  It s not so much what he writes or says, it s how he gins up anger among so many, so it manifests in my life in several ways.  Kelly has cause to worry that  someone s gonna hurt me in the presence of my children. As disturbing as this revelation is, one has to keep in mind that there has been a consistent thread of violence or calls to violence when it comes to Donald Trump and his campaign: People have been attacked and/or kicked out of his rallies for opposing his views and Trump has repeatedly called for violence against those who oppose him at his cult-like rallies.The hope is that the simmering nightmare that is Trump will go away and he will not  have an opportunity to have actual tangible power in the form of the presidency.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjWEoD9aj0I]Featured image via video screenshot",0
7120," Doctor Warns America About ‘Marijuana Addiction,’ Compares It To Heroin Epidemic","There s a peculiar hysteria around marijuana in this country and for the life of me, I can t understand it. There s so much misinformation out there that it makes my head hurt. As soon as I saw the headline for this article,  Medical marijuana: How to prevent an addiction to weed,  I knew I was in for a frustrating experience.The author of the piece, Dr. David Casarett, spends half of the article on a mea culpa over his part in creating the current epidemic of opioid addiction. Fifteen years ago, he and his fellow doctors shoved pain killers down our throats that were derived from the same stuff we make heroin from and couldn t see why that would be a problem:Fifteen years ago, a crowd of experts including many physicians proclaimed that opioids such as morphine were safe for use in chronic pain. We also downplayed the risk of opioid addiction.For example, one expert statement on chronic pain management in older adults (on which I was an author) said that  Concerns over drug dependency and addiction do not justify the failure to relieve pain. So far, so good. Doctors have been over-prescribing pain killers for years and then abandoning their patients when they re addicted. Casarett is very sorry about his role in this and just doesn t want us to make the same mistake with marijuana:Proponents of medical marijuana advertise its safety. It s natural, they say. In fact, one dispensary owner told me guilelessly,  It s perfectly safe it s from a flower. Not like heroin.  That dispensary owner ignored the fact that heroin is derived from poppies. And that poppies are also flowers.Besides, he told me, theoretical risks of addiction don t justify withholding a potentially beneficial treatment. But that s exactly what many experts were saying about opioids 15 years ago. And we should worry about marijuana addiction.And that s when he goes off the rails. There s one critical difference between marijuana and opioids: You can easily become physically addicted to one and it s almost impossible to become physically addicted to the other.You can become physically addicted to opioids, sugars, alcohol, tobacco and a slew of other chemicals and substances. It is nigh impossible to become physically addicted the same way to pot. It just doesn t happen and Casarett, as a doctor, knows this. This is why he does a bait and switch from  addiction  to  dependence :The good news is that the risk of marijuana dependence is lower than it is for heroin (approximately 9 percent vs. 23 percent). (The term  dependence  is used to describe someone who uses marijuana regularly, even though it impairs their ability to function normally, and despite drug-related physical and psychological problems.) Nevertheless, even if marijuana addiction doesn t turn out to be as devastating as opioid addiction is, it can still result in lost jobs, damaged relationships and lost opportunities.Dependence is VERY different from addiction. Even the government website on marijuana points out, correctly, that you can be dependent on marijuana but not be addicted.I know you might be thinking that I m just another stoner defending his precious weed but, honestly, I don t smoke marijuana and I never have. I have zero interest in it, personally. That being said, I grew up around a great many people who  smoke pot and not one of them ever became addicted to it. And they smoked a lot of the stuff. None of them even became dependent so addiction was right out the window. This is why I know, from first hand experience, that marijuana simply is not addictive. You have a better chance of becoming addicted to the sugar, salt and fat in McDonald s food than you are to pot.It s easy to read Casarett s article and become concerned that we re facing the next drug epidemic but it s just not true.Featured image via Getty ",0
7121, WATCH: Bernie Sanders Invokes Holocaust To Denounce Donald Trump,"Bernie Sanders is not one to mince words when it comes to Donald Trump. He has consistently denounced Trump s rhetoric and has warned of the ramifications of both Trump s statements and actions. Sanders was recently asked about Trump s disturbing ideas about Muslims at a campaign rally and this time, he responded by invoking the Holocaust. Sanders said: You know I m Jewish. My father came to this country at the age of 17 from Poland. He came over. Other people in his family did not come over. Those people died. Children died, relatives of my father. That is in my heart to see what a lunatic can do bringing up racial hatred and we re not going to allow that to take place in this country. Sanders made the statement during the rally after a Muslim American woman echoed fears about the growing Islamophobia in this country. The woman talked about how scared her young son is in today s anti-Muslim environment. Sanders said: I m going to do everything that I can to stop those Islamophobic attacks so that kids in this country who happen to be Muslim aren t afraid. Unfortunately, it s not just Donald Trump who has raised the specter of racism and fear. Ted Cruz has also called for  police patrols  of Muslim-American neighborhoods after the attacks in Belgium so the rampant racism isn t exclusive to the demagogue Donald Trump, but it s infested the Republican party, which is need of some serious reforms if it is going to stay relevant, although it s been quite joyous to watch the party implode.Sanders, who has ignited an enthusiasm on the part of voters not seen in decades, continues to do do very well in his bid for the Democratic nomination for the presidency.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3k9C5fK6q4] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7122, NY Times Columnist David Brooks: Trump Will Be Remembered ‘As The Biggest Loser’ By History,"To say that David Brooks is not impressed with Donald Trump and the GOP is an understatement. Using his column at the New York Times, Brooks has been flaming the Republican establishment to a crisp over allowing the rise of Donald Trump. Of course, Brooks was part of that establishment that gave a pass to the Tea Party and all of their hate and rage that paved the way so it s hard to feel bad for him now.Still, it s fun to watch conservatives eat their own and Brooks did not mince words on this week s Meet The Press:Turning back to Trump, Brooks said he ll be the eventual nominee and predicted he will become infamous for a crushing defeat in the November general election. I think it s likely to be Trump. I think he s the walking dead,  he explained before adding the final insult.  I think he ll get the nomination and he will just go down to a crushing defeat. And will be known for a hundred years from now, people will say,  Who s the biggest loser in American politics?  And it won t be McGovern, it won t be Dukakis, the word  Trump.  And I hope when he s down there in Hades he s aware of all that. Well, damn! Looks like Brooks was finally right about something! Too little, too late, though. A very large part of the reason Trump is so popular is that the  useful idiots  of the GOP base have finally tumbled to the fact that the Republican Party only exists to cater to the wealthy, not to their prejudices and bigotry. As long as the rich don t care about banning abortion or opposing homosexuality, they re happy to pay Republicans to lie to their base about how wonderful deregulation is.But once the rich see no profit in ignoring the right s anti-LGBT laws, they order their puppets to reverse course and Republicans obey. It s hard to tell yourself that your elected leaders care about you when they re so obvious about who they REALLY serve. That s what made it so easy for Trump to swoop in and steal the base.Too bad that s ALL he s stealing, though. Trump does not appeal to moderate conservatives or Independents at all. His appeal is limited to angry bigots and that s who he plays to. In a general election, there s going to be a mass defection from the right to vote for ANYONE running against Trump and that s going to end in a devastating landslide that will takes years for Republicans to recover from.What s not to love?Featured image via AI archives ",0
7123, Trump Makes Startling Admission About His Wife And Run For The White House,"With Donald Trump taking the Republican Party and the nation by storm, it s easy to say that no one really saw him getting as far as he has during this election cycle. And while many of us wish he never threw his name into the ring as a GOP contender, it looks as though we re not the only ones who didn t want him to run.Even though she will be campaigning for him for the first time in Wisconsin this coming week, Melania Trump definitely had her reservations about her husband running in the first place.During an interview with the Washington Post, Trump revealed that Melania wasn t excited about the possibility of him becoming a candidate. According to Trump: She said,  We have such a great life. Why do you want to do this? And in a very Trumpian fashion, Trump responded to her as though he s Superman needed to come to the rescue of the nation: I said,  I sort of have to do it, I think. I really have to do it.  . . . I could do such a great job. But Melania said: I hope you don t do it, but if you run, you ll win. However, Trump being Trump and unable to respect a woman s opinion on pretty much anything, he ignored his wife s wishes to just continue on with their life as usual to be with their son and run his business ventures. Instead, he decided to run for dictator of the universe, or at least that s sure as hell how it seems.It s becoming more clear than ever that Donald Trump is in this election not for the country, but rather for Donald Trump. Within the mind of the narcissist, he believes that he, with no experience whatsoever in political and diplomatic leadership, can take the reins of the United States of America. And while his applause lines may work on the nincompoops within the Republican party for the primary elections, they most certainly will not work in the general election among people who can actually critically think   the Democrats. However, we must make sure he and his imbecilic following doesn t even remotely get the chance to win, so remember   no matter who, vote blue.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
7124, Megyn Kelly Laughably Claims Fox News Does Not Have A Right-Wing Bias (VIDEO),"You ll have a hard time not laughing out loud about this one.Despite having a clear right-wing bias, Megyn Kelly actually had the audacity to claim that Fox News is totally  fair and balanced  while whining about a supposed liberal bias in the rest of the mainstream media.During an interview with CBS host Charlie Rose on Sunday, Kelly accused most media outlets of having a liberal bias when reporting the news. I do believe that there is a left-leaning bias in news and most of news,  Kelly somehow managed to blurt out without her nose growing like Pinocchio s. You don t believe there is a right-wing bias at Fox, a conservative bias at Fox?  Rose asked even though Kelly s answer was predictable even before he uttered the question. No, I don t. I think that Fox News is fair and balanced. And I think the conservatives who are on air here make no bones about their ideology. Again, Kelly s nose remained the same even though Fox News does, indeed, have a clear right-wing bias and is the propaganda machine of the Republican Party and the evidence of that has piled up over the years.Here s the video via YouTube.In November 2014, Fox News did more than just report that Republicans had taken over the Senate, they openly celebrated about it.In April 2014, Fox head honcho and Kelly s boss Rupert Murdoch actually bragged that his network saved the Republican Party. A Gallup poll even confirms that an overwhelming 94 percent of Fox viewers lean or identify as Republicans.Additionally, even one of the most conservative senators in Congress has repeatedly pointed out that Fox is  totally not fair and totally not balanced. Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn urged his constituents to stop believing everything they hear on Fox because  There are certain shows on Fox I can t watch because they re totally not fair and totally not balanced. Coburn said the same thing to constituents four years earlier in 2010 after Fox News tried to scare people by demonizing the Affordable Care Act and painting Nancy Pelosi as a bad person. The intention is not to put anybody in jail,  Coburn said of the Fox claim that people would go to jail for not purchasing health insurance.  That makes for good TV news on Fox, but that isn t the intention. What we have to have is make sure we have a debate in this country so that you can see what s going on and make the determination yourself,  Coburn continued before blasting Fox for besmirching Pelosi s character.  So, don t catch yourself being biased by Fox News that somebody s no good. Late last year, a Fox News HOST actually had the gall to claim that  everyone benefited  from locking up more black people in a racist statement that drew outrage.Fox News has even told blatant lies on the air about Muslims that they had to publicly apologize for telling.Next up, take a look at just one broadcast of Sean Hannity s show on Fox as an example of his own work to make the network a pit of right-wing bias even as he claims to be  fair and balanced  in the same breath. As one of my colleagues wrote,During a two-minute opening to the segment in which he makes his ludicrous claim, Hannity used the following words and phrases to describe President Obama: liberal, left wing, all out assault on the 2nd Amendment and the rights of law abiding Americans, trampling on your rights, What s his next target? The First Amendment, The Anointed One, failed on the economy, failed to create jobs, failed to reign in radical extremism abroad.Here s the video via Media Matters.Last time I checked, President Obama has not taken anyone s gun away, the economy is stronger than it was eight years ago, and jobs are being created at a record pace. Yet, Fox employees like Hannity still repeat the same accusations over and over again.And finally, let s take a look at Bill O Reilly, who got his ass handed to him by a group of high school students early last year for his lack of journalistic ethics. In their final report after watching a segment of the host s show, the students found that Fox  News  is not  practicing journalism  as much as they are  practicing rank propaganda. In short, Fox News has never been  fair and balanced  and if Megyn Kelly wanted to be known as a credible journalist she should have had the courage to admit it rather than try to sell us another lie like Fox hosts do on a daily basis.Featured image via Myside s Spew",0
7125, It Only Takes Chris Hayes One Tweet To Completely Shatter GOP’s Major Anti-Hillary Talking Point,"It s become increasingly common among Republicans to desperately cling to the premise that the Democratic Party is just as screwed up as the GOP. It s a convenient idea. After all, if you re staring down the barrel of a Donald Trump or Ted Cruz nomination, the only way you can get out of bed in the morning is if you believe the Democrats have it just as bad.But while the Democratic primary has seen its fair share of infighting and controversy (as any close primary between two strong candidates should!), the idea that the rug will magically be pulled out from under Democrats, handing a presidential victory to a guy like Trump is laughably off-base. And while it s fine to cling to a desperate wish to stave off a complete mental breakdown over the death of your political party, the problem really begins when Republicans start actually believing that fiction.It has led to some seriously delusional thinking, complete with stunning leaps of logic and heaping doses of wishful thinking. Even  serious  political operatives, like the RNC s spokesman Sean Spicer, seem to have taken a big swig of the anti-Hillary Kool-Aid and are spinning the idea that Clinton is just days away from being  arrested. RNC spox Spicer: Dem convention controversy may supplant GOP's if Clinton gets indicted and ""underground movement"" gives Biden nomination  John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) April 1, 2016To which, MSNBC s Chris Hayes has a dose of cold, hard reality for him.While we're writing fan fic, what if instead of fighting Batman and Superman got married? https://t.co/GPkHozQ9Yq  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) April 1, 2016Sorry if this stings a little, but there is no changing the facts: Hillary Clinton isn t going to just magically wind up in jail over largely-manufactured  controversies  like Benghazi and her emails. This is Republican fan fiction. If she gets the nomination, she will be in it to win it and facing a Republican Party that is tearing itself apart. The 300th Benghazi hearing isn t going to suddenly bring her down.On the flip side, Trump, the Republican front-runner, is almost universally loathed by most demographics. A recent poll found that even half of all white men  white men!  say they despise him. His attacks on women, minorities, and common decency have led to some political reporters to make pretty bold predictions about how a Trump vs. Clinton general election would go. It ain t pretty.Here's what the map might look like in an election held today. Trump's Rust Belt strength would help him keep MO, IN pic.twitter.com/OYueYvWFpG  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) March 24, 2016And the Republican Party s dirty little secret? Polls suggest Ted Cruz wouldn t do much better. Shhh!So to paraphrase the late, less-than-great Marco Rubio campaign, let s dispel with this fiction that Republicans will overcome their trainwreck primary and win by default when Hillary Clinton goes to jail. With acceptance comes the ability to change. If Republicans want to compete at the national level, they need to cut off the gangrenous rot at the center of their political platform and get with the times. This was the very last wild swing to win an election by pandering exclusively to the worst predilections of old white men and it s becoming obvious that the approach no longer works. Adapt or die, but don t live in a fantasy world.Featured image via Frontpage Mag screengrab ",0
7126," Women Are Punished Every Day For Abortion, But Trump Didn’t Say That On Fox News Sunday (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is still struggling to wriggle out from under his abortion blunder as evidenced by this interview on Fox News Sunday.Unable to phone it in thanks to host Chris Wallace refusing to choose ratings over holding on to the last shred of journalistic integrity Fox has left, Trump was asked point-blank if he is blowing his campaign because of offensive remarks he made last week when he said women should be punished for getting an abortion which has drawn outrage from pro-choice groups and faux outrage from anti-choice groups who only pretend that they don t want to punish women in some way for making the choice they disagree with.The outrage forced Trump to backtrack and he continued to spin his comments after telling Wallace that he thinks his campaign is still going strong despite them.Trump slammed anti-choice groups for not being conservative enough, a charge that these groups often use to justify defeating Republican incumbents in primaries, which only makes Congress more extreme resulting in the obstruction and cruel anti-women legislation we see today. Look, it was asked as a hypothetical, and talked about if it s illegal and it was hypothetically asked,  Trump claimed.  A very strong conservative group would have said that was the appropriate answer. I m not saying it was the appropriate answer, I say it s the doctor s fault or whoever performs the act, it s their fault. But there was a time when that would have been. After being asked why he singled out women for punishment, Trump again claimed that it was a hypothetical question. Because it was asked hypothetically, Trump said.  I said the woman because it was asked hypothetically. I also corrected it, and I made it very much so that I think everybody   it s acceptable now to everybody. Here s the video via YouTube.Trump has explained his remarks in other ways besides claiming that it was a hypothetical question. He has accused both MSNBC and CBS of editing his remarks and taking them out of context. He has also taken five positions on abortion in the last three days.The bottom line is abortion rights are protected by the 14th Amendment and is a legal and necessary medical procedure. So women and their doctors should not have to face any punishment at all.Anti-abortion groups can claim they don t want to punish women all they want but the fact of the matter is that just by outlawing abortion alone they would be punishing women by forcing them to seek dangerous methods to end their pregnancies in absence of a safe procedure in an equipped medical environment. Women would also be punished because conservatives would also ban many forms of contraception they wrongly believe cause abortions. Clinic closures have also left thousands of women without services such as cancer screenings and STD treatments.And let s not pretend anti-abortion groups haven t threatened, stalked, or harassed women who go to clinics to end their unwanted pregnancies. And forcing women to carry an unwanted pregnancy alone would be a punishment because many women who seek an abortion do so because they cannot afford to bring another child into the world. Basically, conservatives would be punishing women financially. And then there are women who got pregnant as a result of rape. Banning abortion would punish these women by forcing them to give birth to their rapist s baby, sentencing them to many years of having to deal with their rapist, especially in states where rapists can seek parental rights.In addition, Republicans have passed laws ranging from mandatory invasive ultrasounds to waiting periods to fetal homicide laws, which punish women every day. Some are even investigated and have been sent to jail just because of a miscarriage.So, yes, anti-abortion groups want to punish women. To believe otherwise is foolish. Donald Trump was simply repeating their real stance out loud. Featured image via Screenshot",0
7127," Trump Lies To His Supporters, Claims CBS Edited His Words To Make Him Look Bad","Donald Trump has once again decided to lie to his supporters and accuse a major news network of editing his words to explain away his abortion views.Last week, Trump took five different stances on abortion. First, he said women who have them should be punished. Then he said it should be left up to the states. After that, he changed his mind again and  clarified  his original statement by saying doctors who perform abortions should be punished. His fourth position came when he gave an interview for CBS s Face The Nation and claimed that he wouldn t do anything to change abortion laws because the Supreme Court has already decided on their legality with Roe v Wade.When the media said, Wait a second Trump just took a pro-choice stance on abortion by declaring it should remain legal,  his campaign put out a statement saying he would, in fact, try to outlaw it with judicial appointments   taking his fifth abortion position of the week.Well, on Saturday while speaking at a rally in Racine, Wisconsin, the Republican frontrunner implied that CBS edited words out of his statement in an attempt to smear him. According to CNN: They can take something you say and turn it around. Like I will be on CBS s  Face the Nation.  What I said was perfect,  Trump explained, adding,  What I said was so good. It was so perfect. And they looked and said,  Oh, maybe he should have added a word.' Well, actually the way it came out, they took words out that I said,  he added.  The only reason I tell you this is because I want you to watch it. If I did something wrong, I wouldn t want you to watch it. Clearly, his words were not as  perfect  as he thought since he now feels the need to explain them away by lying to his supporters. He went on to say that the media often edits his words: The problem is they don t do it with everybody. They do it with me. But I don t see them doing it with other people. Wow! It s pretty convenient that the media only edits him, don t you think?CNN apparently reached out to CBS for comment and a spokeswoman said, nothing in that section he reference was edited.  That s exactly the same response that MSNBC had last week when Trump accused them of the very same thing.It is amazing that this guy can literally lie all the time and his supporters don t care at all. It s even funnier when these same supporters turn around and call President Obama a liar. It s almost as if they live in an alternate reality, isn t it?Featured image via Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
7128," Bernie Sanders Won The Nevada Caucus On Saturday, And Here’s How","Bernie Sanders has won the Clark County Democratic Convention, which was held at the Cashman Center on Saturday. Thousands of supporters showed up to support their chosen candidate.This win means that Bernie Sanders has won the Nevada caucus election. The Vermont Senator and Democratic presidential candidate is likely to receive more pledged delegates from Nevada than was initially anticipated after Hillary Clinton won the state s first round of caucusing back in February.Only 23 of the state s 35 pledged delegates are bound to the results of the caucuses that happened in February. The remaining 12 delegates will be given out proportionately in May, based on how many delegates show up who were selected on Saturday, during the Nevada s final convention. Sanders  campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, says that the results of the convention should net four pledged delegates more than Clinton.Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver says Sanders netted four Nevada delegates over Clinton from today's county conventions.  John Wagner (@WPJohnWagner) April 3, 2016Sanders had a huge turnout during the convention. A total of 2,964 county delegates showed up to support Sanders. Clinton had initially won 4,889 back in February but only 2,386 county delegates showed up to support the Former Madame Secretary at the convention. More than half of Clinton s delegates either did not show up to the convention or decided to vote for Sanders.After realignment: 2,386 Clinton, 2,964 Sanders, & 7 uncommitted. 5,357 total.  Megan Messerly (@meganmesserly) April 3, 2016Despite the favorable results of the caucus, Weaver had some criticisms of how the convention was run. He claims that the convention made  Arizona look well-run and honest.  According to Weaver, the convention only had 6600 hundred seats were made available for the 8600 delegates who showed up. To make matters worse, the police attempted to remove people standing in the overflow area.Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County, Nevada Democratic Convention: pic.twitter.com/XPDR4dRSAs  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) April 2, 2016Not having enough chairs at the convention is only a taste of the drama that surrounded the event. If have not yet met your tolerance threshold for such things, you can read the details here.You can watch the moment that the final results of the convention were announced below. Featured image by Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
7129, SNL Hilariously Mocks One Of Trump’s Biggest Supporters During Opening (VIDEO),"Saturday Night Live hilariously skewered Donald Trump s misogyny and the women who love his campaign during the sketch show s cold open.The sketch begins with Kate Bolduan, played by Kate McKinnon saying: Welcome back to At This Hour. I m Kate Bolduan.  I ve got the brain for MSNBC, the hair for Fox News. So here I am at CNN. Bolduan then introduces Tea Party News Network host and fervent Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes. During a recent appearance on CNN, the real life Hughes defended comments Trump had made where he said that he would punish women who sought abortions. She defended him saying that Trump had fallen victim to a trap laid out by the liberal media.Hughes, played by Cecily Strong, joined Bolduan saying,  Hi Kate. As a woman I like Donald Trump, but as a full-blown nutjob, I friggin  love him! Bolduan then questions Hughes defense of Trump s sexism, asking her why she would support someone who tweeted out an obviously sexist picture of Ted Cruz s wife.SNL mocks the sheer length that Hughes will go to in order to defend Trump at any costs and Trump s hand size by having Hughes reply: Actually, that was an accident. Okay cuz  Donald s hands are just so big he can t see what every little tweet his fingers retweet. After confirming that Hughes is  seriously  using that answer, she presses the Trump super fan on the matter of Trump s comments regarding abortion. Hughes then pulls out the first answer she can think fo saying: What that is, was just Donald making an April Fool s joke, cus  it was April Fool s. Bolduan responded to Hughes saying that Trump had made the comment on March 30. Hughes responds while nervously laughing, saying that that is the reason the joke is so funny.You can watch the sketch in full, below. Featured image from video screenshot",0
7130, ‘Christian’ Conservatives Cheer After Fox Reports A Swarm Of Killer Bees Stung 20 Muslims (SCREENSHOTS),"Bee stings can have an impact ranging from mild swelling to death, depending on if the victim is allergic and the degree of the allergy. On Friday, a swarm of Africanized honey bees   killer bees   attacked a group of people in Phoenix, Arizona, stinging more than 20 unfortunate individuals. Normally, a bee attack would not be national news, but it happened to Muslims who were worshipping at a mosque, so Fox News was all over it.The bees descended on the mosque, sending at least one man to the hospital. firefighters fortunately arrived early enough to spray mounds of foam to get the bees under control and prevent further injury.@SKrafftFox10 After a bee stings you its stinger falls out and it dies.Ironic that a group of Muslims were just attacked by Suicide bees.  Libertarian Larry (@Libertarian5000) April 2, 2016 It s always a bad situation when you re talking about Africanized bees, because once one bee creates a pheromone which sends off the other bees to attack,  said Joseph Mikesell with Truly Nolen. It is unclear what set the bees off, but Mikesell warns that if you see bees you should call a professional rather than attempt to deal with a problem yourself. Experts say that the attack was unsurprising, as it is the height of  swarm season. The attack left numerous prayer rugs   and pretty much everything else   drenched in foam that members spent an exhorbitant amount of time shoveling out of the mosque with  whatever they could find,  Fox 10 s Marcy Jones, who called the prayer rugs  oriental,  reported. She warns people not to wear black, red, or yellow because the bees might  think that you are a bear  and become more aggressive around you.It s fortunate that no one was hurt too seriously, but when Fox News Insider posted this important national story on Facebook, readers reacted exactly how one would expect people who have been groomed by Stupidville to react   with utter glee.Some declared this to be God s judgement on the followers of Allah, completely ignorant that  Allah  is simply Arabic for  God  and the two religions actually worship the same deity. Others publicly wished that some of the Muslims injured in the attack had died. Some wanted more bees. The Stupid Part of America completely outdid themselves as they referenced Biblical plagues (because a swarm of bees is totally like a plague of locusts,  while others seized upon the opportunity to tell each other how much they hate Muslims.In short, finding out about this bee attack was the best thing that happened to many conservatives this week:                            This is Trump s America, folks. The supposed  Christian  Right is so wrapped up in hate that they are unable to show a shred of compassion when a group of people are attacked by a tiny-yet-deadly creature   all because they believe their imaginary friend is better than the other, who is actually the same guy.Watch a report on the attack below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7131, LA Father Kills Son For Being Gay (VIDEO),"Less than two weeks before his father used a shotgun to end his life, Amir Issa posted a heartbreaking cry for help to his Facebook wall.On March 19, 2016, the 29-year-old resident of Los Angeles wrote that he felt as if his mother, father and other family members were controlling his every waking moment.He also wrote:I was earning over $100k by age 26 and this has negatively impacted my life, made me live in pain and become unemployed. If there is a devil or evil spirit, I truly believe it manifests itself in my family.Later in the same post, he wrote:They have literally robbed my bank account, lied to courts and doctor, to try and label me as mentally ill, and failed in their attempts to have me falsely imprisoned and evicted. If there are any good people on this earth, please help free me from this inhumane slavery.Just ten days later, on March 29, his father murdered him and his mother. Issa s body was found outside the family home. According to police, he was gunned down with a shotgun.His mother s body was found in the bathroom. She died of multiple stab wounds.The L.A. County District Attorney s office called the shooting a hate crime. According to New York Daily News Issa s father had previously threatened to kill him for being gay.A video posted to his Facebook wall shows his father calling him a pervert and saying that he should be castrated.Shehada Khalil Issa is being held in the Los Angeles County jail on a $2,000,000 bond.This tragedy should have never happened.The death of Amir Issa is a heartbreaking reminder of the silent suffering of LGBT men, women and youth.Posts on his Facebook page indicate the family were members of the Seventh Day Adventist Church.On its website, the church states its official position regarding LGBT citizens, saying: The Bible makes no accommodation for homosexual activity or relationships.  Sexual acts outside the circle of a heterosexual marriage are forbidden For these reasons Seventh-day Adventists are opposed to homosexual practices and relationships. Amir Issa wrote on Facebook,  I want to open my eyes lord. I want to see Jesus.  He went on to say he  would like to have a family that attends church regularly,  but one that  doesn t punish my thoughts or actions if I am a good person which I know I am. From his posts, it appears that Amir Issa was murdered by his own father at least in part because of  these fanatical religious beliefs.Although he sent out a cry for help just ten days before he died, like those of so many other members of the LGBT community, his call for help went unanswered.Too often members of the LGBT community are isolated and alone. The isolation makes them more vulnerable to violence and exploitation, often perpetrated by physically, emotionally and mentally abusive family members.Things might have turned out much differently for Amir Issa if only someone had reached out to him ten days before, when he wrote the words: If there are any good people on this earth, please help free me from this inhumane slavery. It s too late now, for good people to reach out to Amir Issa.But it s not too late to reach out to someone else in the LGBT community.It s definitely not too late for our society to demand inclusion, knowing that exclusion leaves people isolated and vulnerable, making them easy targets for violence and abuse.As republicans across the country attempt to pass laws excluding LGBT people from society, it is up to the  good people on this earth  to stand up and say no.Here s more on this story from the New York Daily News. Featured image via video screen capture via New York Daily News",0
7132, GOP Election Official Pulls A Gun On An Unarmed Man For Disagreeing With Him While Black (VIDEO),"The Republican Election Commissioner of Jefferson County Arkansas showed how easy it is for a white man in a red state to pull a gun on an unarmed black man, say he  felt threatened  and walk away scot-free. Stu Soffer, the white man in question, decided to insert himself into an argument when he was told in no uncertain terms by former Democratic Election Commissioner Ted Davis that nobody was talking to him. Davis, who never makes any threatening gestures towards Soffer, was then told to step back by another white guy intervening on first white guy s behalf.Sorry for the lack of names, but by this point all these white guys shouting allegations and preparing for a stand your ground defense start to look alike. And I m a white guy.It s at that point that Soffer pulls a small handgun from his pocket and holds it at his side. He puts it back in his pocket a few moments later but doesn t remove his hand from the pocket until the police arrive several minutes later. Before that happens he can be seen advancing towards Davis at one point and defending his idiocy when a woman calls him out for pulling a gun: I was in fear for my life. I m 74-years-old and I was in fear for my life. It should be noted that the scary black man looks to be about the same age and was unarmed with the exception of a pretty nice three-piece suit. What Soffer probably should have said was,  this is Arkansas, where I can kill a black man with my spiffy argument-winner and get away with it.  The argument itself was over a public meeting of the election commission, where the meeting was adjourned while a Democrat was speaking, cutting him off mid-sentence.Soffer told the Arkansas Times that he retrieved his gun from his car because he  didn t have a good feeling  about things; that Davis approached him with a  weird look on his face.  He said Davis appeared to be in a  trance.  In other words, the scary black man was black, and in the spirit of how black men were convicted across the south for a century for crimes they didn t commit, Soffer claimed he took steps to protect himself kill a man who was definitely black enough to be black and scary and black.Watch the incident unfold for yourself and see if you think Soffer was justified in his close call with the use of deadly force:Featured image from screen capture",0
7133, Donald Trump REFUSED To Answer This Clever Question About Abortion,"Republican front runner Donald Trump has once again confused everyone on one of his policies by completely reversing and flip-flopping several times in the span of just a few days. This time, he chose the controversial topic of abortion because he s a misogynist and degrading women just comes so effortlessly and naturally to him.First, the business mogul p*ssed everyone off by saying that women who got abortions should face some sort of  punishment.  Then, the disgraced candidate frantically backpedaled and said abortion should be  left to the states , and that it wasn t women that should be punished, but the doctors who perform the abortions! After that, Trump said that abortions laws were  set  and should stay the way they are, before his campaign clarified his statement and said that the laws should remain the same   until Trump is president. As this back-and-forth nonsense went on, the media was pummeling Trump for not being able to make up his damn mind, and for being horrendously offensive.Now, Trump is trying to avoid even more backlash by straight-up refusing to answer questions on the topic of abortion, as America tries to understand what exactly Trump s position on it really is. New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd discovered this when she recently tried to interview Trump for her Sunday column entitled  Trump Does It His Way . Dowd said she posed this clever question to the front runner: When he was a swinging bachelor in Manhattan, was he ever involved with anyone who had an abortion? Trump s answered by evading the question entirely. He said: Such an interesting question. So what s your next question? Trump also gave a pathetic justification for his original  punishment  comments on abortion that he d made earlier in the week. He told Dowd: This was not real life   this was a hypothetical, so I thought of it in terms of a hypothetical. So that s where that answer came from, hypothetically. Dowd also asked Trump how he possibly expected to win the election when he had completely turned off and disgusted 73 percent of American woman. Trump simply murmured, It was 68 percent, actually. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7134, Texas Teacher Calls 12-Year-Old Boy A ‘Terrorist’ in Class And Students Bully Him Afterward (VIDEO),"A Texas teacher has been removed from her classroom after she openly called a 12-year-old Muslim boy a terrorist and did nothing as the other students proceeded to bully him.Waleed Abushaaban was simply watching and enjoying the movie Bend It Like Beckham with his classmates at the Fort Bend Independent School District in Fort Bend County, Texas when his teacher made racist remarks toward him just because he laughed at a funny scene in the film.According to KHOU, Abushaaban remembered the incident clearly. We were in the class watching a movie, and I was just laughing at the movie and the teacher said,  I wouldn t be laughing if I was you.  And I said why? She said,  because we all think you re a terrorist. To make matters worse, the teacher s remarks touched off a storm of bullying as the students around him began to verbally harass him. They were like,  oh I see a bomb!  and they started all laughing and making jokes. I was upset and I felt like I was put in the corner and like everybody was just looking at me. In just a matter of seconds, Abushaaban had become a victim of racism and hate and had been humiliated by his fellow classmates who only suddenly turned on him because the teacher did.Understandably, his parents are mad as hell and they want the teacher terminated from her position at the school. Just because my son is a Muslim doesn t mean he is a terrorist,  said Malek Abushaaban.  He s an American. He s as American as anybody else. He was born here. That s all he knows, is how to be an American. Here s the video via KHOU.Of course, school officials are claiming that the teacher merely misspoke in an attempt to teach about negative stereotyping, but did condemn her words in the following statement. While the teacher reports her statements were made in the context of trying to make a point about negative stereotypes, District officials do not believe that the teacher exercised the appropriate sensitivity expected of the District s educators, and do not believe that the statements were made in a manner that is in keeping with the District s Core Beliefs and Commitments. Keep in mind that this happened while the students were in the middle of watching a movie, which makes the job of a teacher a little easier. There was absolutely no need to try and teach anything. In fact, it makes no sense to teach lessons during a film and she was clearly not teaching the rest of the class about negative stereotypes. In other words, this teacher is just trying to cover her ass with a bullshit claim.Texas schools seem to be obsessed with terrorism these days. Just last year, a Texas school freaked out because a Muslim student brought in a clock he had built himself and school personnel called the police because they thought it was a bomb.Another Texas school acted even more ridiculous by suspending a nine-year-old boy for bringing a replica of the One Ring from the Hobbit to class. The school actually accused the boy of committing terrorism because he was pretending that the ring made him invisible. Seriously.Texas schools really need to get it together.Featured image: screenshot",0
7135, North Carolina’s Religious Freedom Law Is About To Cost The State BILLIONS,"North Carolina Republicans just would not listen when everyone kept telling them not to re-legalize discrimination by passing its hateful  religious freedom  law. Now they are going to be paying a huge price   literally   as you will see below.The Obama Administration is stepping in this time and has given the state s Republican legislature an ultimatum: Repeal the law or We pull billions of dollars in federal aid from your state.In a way, this should be a wonderful thing for Republicans. They hate the federal government and hate handouts. So, logically thinking, if Obama pulls out billions of dollars that normally funds their roads, schools, and housing assistance programs it will be a great thing for the state. Right?My, how quickly Republicans forget literally all of their ideology when it s something that benefits them. They re actually calling it illegal for the federal government to  single out  North Carolina for what they call  unfavorable treatment. Republicans don t seem to care about the unfavorable treatment they just legalized against their own LGBT citizens. I mean they can only get fired, evicted from their homes, or denied basic things like being able to shop in stores if the owners  sincerely believe  they are bad people for being LGBT. But that s totally different. Right?There are already costly lawsuits coming in from the passage of the law, and businesses are already threatening to leave the state   if they have not done so already. Add all that expense and loss of business and jobs on top of a few billion dollars less from the government. Soon their schools will be closing and roads crumbling with disrepair. The same people who voted these idiots in and supported the law will be crying about how bad it is in their state. But, Jesus will be happy with them. Maybe they can pray for the roads to get fixed.Featured image via camel city dispatch",0
7136, Armed Black Protesters Chase Off Anti-Muslim Cowards (VIDEO),"This is either really funny or a dangerous escalation. A group of armed  patriots  that have been showing up to mosques to terrorize Muslims going to pray were scared off by a larger group of armed African American counter-protesters:Racial tensions in South Dallas almost exploded at an anti-mosque protest Saturday afternoon before quickly dissolving when the protesters retreated.A few hundred South Dallas residents, mostly black, flooded Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard to oppose a planned demonstration by a mostly white group that routinely protests outside mosques.Both sides were armed.The mosque in question was a predominately black one and the counter-protesters were chanting  Black Power  at the  Murikan protesters.Unfortunately, the counter-protesters included members of the New Black Panther Party. If that name doesn t ring a bell, it s a group of pretenders to the legacy of the Black Panthers that spread anti-white bigotry, something the Black Panthers did not do (much). This is why a counter-protest to protect a mosque became racialized. While I have no doubt most of the protesters were racist as well as anti-Muslim, shifting the focus away from the religious bigotry to racism doesn t help Muslims in the long run. It does, however, help the NBPP and their message of anti-white hate.But although I don t approve of the bigotry, I do approve of the counter-protest. Ammosexuals have been terrorizing people for far too long and it was nice to see them show their true colors when their victims have guns, too. Liberals have been not-exactly-joking that black people need to start carrying rifles to push back against the targeting of their communities and, unsurprisingly, it worked.The problem is that Fox News and right wing media is going to explode over this. Nothing gets ratings like scary black people threatening innocent whites just defending their country blablabla. The racism will flow thick and heavy and  some people  will ask if this is the beginning of Sharia Law in America and the ISIS takeover.The original protesters,  BAIR  (the Bureau of American Islamic Relations, a silly play on CAIR, a Muslim group) is going to scream  persecution  and beg for help  fighting  the evil Muslims/scary black people. The next protest will be far larger, with more guns and filled with people just aching for a gun fight to break out. The potential for bloodshed will be a nightmare for the police.Keep an eye on Texas, this could get real ugly, real quick.Here s the video:Featured image via screencap",0
7137, Rosie O’Donnell Writes Powerful Poem That Perfectly Sums Up Donald Trump (TWEET),"If anyone knows what it s like to be attacked by the likes of Donald Trump, it s Rosie O Donnell. The bitter feud between the two goes back years, and it should have been made clear then how much of a cruel and creepy misogynist he truly is. What we ve been seeing from Trump on this most current campaign trail shouldn t really surprise us. Yet, here we are, every day, getting shocked and appalled by everything he says. However, it s really no different than he s always been if we looked past his celebrity to actually watch and listen.In a poem she posted to her website, Rosie O Donnell wrote about Donald Trump. The piece really encapsulates everything that is the real estate mogul and failed businessman. It highlights his failures and his outright creepiness, and really goes to show that he s always been this way.The poem reads: trump was once   perceived to be powerful in wealthy NY circles  to Long Island Kids like ME   he was always a joke   failed everything   his tacky large lame gold letters   TRUMP   like a commandhe went after me with a vengeance that only now comes to tipify himdangerous evil richie rich   this charlatan this compassion free creephe is all smoke and mirrors THIS truth I told back then seemed revolutionarySIMPLE TRUTHS PEOPLE last night ASK RO   https://t.co/q8Vgw5xdDd pic.twitter.com/oda1TvCRH6  Rosie (@Rosie) April 3, 2016The fact that people are still drawn to Trump says more about those people than it does about the Republican frontrunner for president. If that s the type of person they want leading the nation   a hateful, vindictive, bigoted, misogynistic narcissist   his supporters have to look deep within themselves to discover why those qualities are so desirable. Either they are that way themselves, or they re too dumb to know the difference and easily respond to applause lines that can fit on a bumper sticker.Kudos to Rosie for always standing up to him and for still telling it like it is. Never stop being you, Rosie. Never stop.Featured Photo by Rob Kim/Getty Images",0
7138, Fact Checkers Clear Hillary Of ‘Big Oil Bribes’,"Among the slew of baseless attacks launched against Hillary Clinton this election cycle has been the accusation that she s in the pocket of Big Oil because she s taken gobs of money from them. It feeds nicely into the  Hillary is a corporate shill and totally evil  narrative and is now currently gospel among anti-Hillary voters.Too bad it s not true.After Clinton was confronted by a Greenpeace activist demanding she answer for her  ties  to the fossil fuel industry, Clinton uncharacteristically blew a gasket: I have money from people who work for fossil-fuel companies. I am so sick   I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me. This caught my attention because Clinton doesn t normally get that hostile. As a seasoned politician, she s not prone to outbursts. But, as it turns out, she had good reason to be frustrated:According to the Center for Responsive Politics, as of March 21, the Clinton campaign has received nearly $308,000 for individuals in the oil and gas industry. The Sanders campaign has received nearly $54,000.In [sic] you include contributions from outside groups supporting a candidate, Clinton s total increases slightly to $333,000, compared to Sanders  $54,000.A $279,000 difference may sound like a lot to you and me buuuuuuuut .As our colleague Philip Bump noted, about 0.15 percent of Clinton s campaign and outside PAC money is from the  oil and gas industry,  compared to 0.04 percent of Sanders s contributions.Yes, you read that correctly: .15 percent. As in,  less than percent.  As in,  a little more than one tenth of one percent.  Now, you COULD still insist that $308,000 is a huge amount but you d still have to deal with that pesky fact that that money is from individuals that work in the industry, not the industry itself which, according to the Washington Post, has only given 2.3% of all the money it s donated this cycle to Democrats. Not just Clinton but ALL Democrats combined are part of that 2.3%.You know how some people say both parties are the same and in the pocket of Big Oil? Those people are idiots that should try living in the real world for a while.It s also been suggested by Greenpeace that any and all money donated to Clinton Super PACs is all from the fossil fuel industry if the lobbyist has a fossil fuel company as a client:Greenpeace counts all of the money raised or contributed by lobbyists as  oil/gas industry  funds, but these lobbyists have many other clients besides the oil industry. Ben Klein, one of the lobbyists highlighted in the Greenpeace report, also lobbies for American Airlines, Cigna, and Hearst, according to the lobbying disclosure database, so in theory his contributions to the Clinton campaign could also be labeled as funds for airline, insurance or media industry.It s a convenient fiction that, again, plays into the  Hillary is evil  narrative. And, again, this is now gospel to those who hate Clinton. But the fact checkers at the Washington Post say otherwise:The Sanders campaign is exaggerating the contributions that Clinton has received from the oil and gas industry. In the context of her overall campaign, the contributions are hardly significant. It s especially misleading to count all of the funds raised by lobbyists with multiple clients as money  given  by the fossil-fuel industry.This lands the  Hillary is in bed with Big Oil  story a whopping Three Pinocchios.In my opinion, the recent exaggerations and flat-out lies about Hillary Clinton stem from the fact that Republicans have spent 25 years and millions of dollar inventing scandal after scandal with nothing to show for it. None of the old stories have worked and despite Clinton supposedly being guilty of all kinds of crimes and corruption, no one can ever seem to prove anything. At all. This means that she is either the smartest criminal in the history of the world or that she s not the epitome of evil.We should probably leave lies and innuendo to Republicans. We re supposed to be better than this.Featured image via Washington Post",0
7139, Christian School Principal Arrested For Horrific Case Of Child Rape (VIDEO),"It really is beginning to seem like some church communities are full of child molesters. Then again, those of us not brainwashed by propaganda already knew that. Here s another case of two children s lives being ruined by a devout  Christian  in a position of authority.Douglas J. Allison is the 55-year-old principal at a small Christian school that is an arm of the Seventh Day Adventist Church in Port Angeles, Washington. He is one of two teachers, as well as the principal of Mountain View Christian School. Detectives heard the creepy old man confess to raping one of  his young victims   the girls were ten and eleven, respectively   on a taped conversation. He also never tried to say he was not guilty of what he was being accused of when officers arrived at his house to take him away for his horrific crimes. In fact, this monster confessed to raping those little girls again  to the arresting authorities.Allison is in jail on $100,000 bail, and hopefully no one pays it. He is charged with eight counts of molestation and four counts of child rape. Detectives are also working with authorities in California, as Douglas worked in a school there as well. There are likely more victims of his horrible and gross behavior.Associate Pastor Collette Pekar says of the situation: We are very, very sad. Our congregation is grieving. We love our kids, we love our families. We re praying for complete healing, for complete justice. The thing is, though, this sort of thing is all too common in religious communities. Some Christian cultures teach complete submission, and those in positions of authority, and often the churches are more concerned about their images and their collection plates than they are about the victims. It s disgusting and despicable, but true. That is why sexual predators are allowed to run rampant in those communities.Hopefully, these repeated cases of this sort of thing wakes people up, and they stop submitting to these creepy preachers and letting them abuse kids and others.Watch a video on this case below, via KOMO:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7140, White SC Cops Sexually Assault Black Couple During Traffic Stop (VIDEO),"A video published by The Washington Post shows white police officers from Aiken, South Carolina sexually assaulting a Black couple, after stopping their vehicle without cause.According to the Aiken police department, the obscene physical, mental and emotional abuse perpetrated on this couple by a group of white officers is an example of  justified  police behavior.As The Washington Post reports here, on Oct 2, 2014, Lakeya Hicks and Elijah Pontoon were pulled over by Aiken Department of Public Safety Officer Chris Medlin.Ms. Hicks had recently purchased the car, which had a temporary tag.Although her temporary tag was perfectly legal, Officer Medlin uses her  paper tag  as an excuse to pull the couple over.After she produces her license and registration, Medline proceeds to demand identification from Elijah Pontoon, who was riding in the passenger seat. He then orders Pontoon out of the car, patting him down next to the vehicle.A moment later, the video shows him ordering Hicks out of the car.Although the couple has committed no crime, Medlin calls for backup. As additional police officers begin to pour onto the scene, he tells Hicks that her car is going to conduct a canine drug search of the vehicle.He then turns to Pontoon and says,  You gonna pay for this one, boy. A few moments later, Medlin makes good on that threat.After a search of the couple s vehicle produces nothing, the cops then announce,  We gonna search somebody. Medlin tells a female officer to search Hicks  real good. A female officer then  searches  Ms. Hicks, in broad daylight on a public street.As The Washington Post reports: The personal search of Hicks is conducted off camera, but according to the complaint filed by Phillips, it allegedly involved exposing Hicks s breasts on the side of the road in a populated area. The complaint also alleges that this was all done in direct view of the three male officers. The search of Hicks again produces nothing.At this point, they turn their focus back to Pontoon.Medlin again orders the man to get out of the car. After placing him in handcuffs, he begins to pat him down. You ve got something here right between your legs. There s something hard right there between your legs,  he says.Medlin then states that he is going to put on some gloves.Medlin then begins what police are calling a  full cavity search  of the young man. Again, this  search  takes place in broad daylight, on a public street.While the officer s actions take place out of view of the camera, the audio leaves no room for doubt about what is going on.Medlin s statements over the course of the next several minutes indicate that his motive for this invasive roadside search had little to do with conducting any kind of legitimate or necessary search for illegal contraband.As The Washington Post reports: Pontoon at one point says that one of the officers is grabbing his hemorrhoids. Medlin appears to reply,  I ve had hemorrhoids, and they ain t that hard.  At about 12:47:15 in the video, the audio actually suggests that two officers may have inserted fingers into Pontoon s rectum, as one asks,  What are you talking about, right here?  The other replies,  Right straight up in there. Pontoon then again tells the officers that they re pushing on a hemorrhoid. One officer responds,  If that s a hemorrhoid, that s a hemorrhoid, all right? But that don t feel like no hemorrhoid to me. Although a legitimate cavity search takes no longer than a few brief seconds, these officers continue to probe Pontoon s anus for a full three minutes.Once they have finished violating and humiliating the couple, Medlin tells Pontoon,  Now I know you from before, when I worked dope. I seen ya. That s why I put a dog on the car. Pontoon replies that  that s been years and years ago. I ve got kids now,  he says.  That s my wife. The Washington Post reports that Pontoon does have criminal record, but his last arrest was ten years ago, in 2006.Even if he had been arrested last week, though, past behavior does not constitute  reasonable suspicion,  under any definition of the law.After all of this, Medlin tells the couple he is letting them off with a warning. He never specifies what they are being warned not to do. The only crime they have committed is driving while Black.According to The Washington Post Medlin is still employed by the Aikin Police Department.When contacted for comment, Aiken public information officer Capt. David Turno said in an email The City of Aiken denies the Plaintiffs  allegations and is vigorously defending this lawsuit.  We will have no further comment about the facts of this case during the pendency of this litigation. Watch the video below, courtesy of The Washington Post. Featured image via video screen capture via The Washington Post",0
7141, Reporter Gets Bush’s CIA Director To Admit Waterboarding Is Torture Using VERY Clever Trick (VIDEO),"George Bush s former CIA director, Michael Hayden, has always had a very uncomfortable position on waterboarding. At times he seems to acknowledge that the technique which, as described by human rights groups, is best summed up as  simulated drowning,  is inhumane and constitutes torture. He recently told Donald Trump (a yuge fan of waterboarding) if he wanted to reinstate the practice that he would have to  bring your own damn bucket  because the CIA  wouldn t go down that road again.  On the other hand, Hayden s tenure as Bush s CIA head meant he oversaw extensive use of the technique on terror suspects. How do you square that round peg? Stunning levels of cognitive dissonance, of course!Hayden was put on the hotseat in an interview with Al Jazeera, in which reporter Mehdi Hasan effortlessly walked through the former intelligence officer s walls of hypocrisy to get at the kernal of truth at the center: Hayden isn t stupid, and he knows that waterboarding is torture.How do you get a man who has spent the last seven years denying he did anything wrong to admit that he did? Flip the question around and ask whether other people should be using waterboarding. Hayden admits in that case it s  completely different. Hayden: I m not giving an answer!Hasan: Okay. If [Syrian] President Assad waterboards Syrian rebels, you will not call that torture?Hayden: Oh, that s completely different.Hasan: Why? So if America does it it s fine, but if Syria does it it s bad.Hayden starts getting very defensive, arguing that Syria wouldn t waterboard safely (there s an oxymoron) and that when the CIA does it, they do it the proper way, which he then describes. Hasan isn t impressed. Good point,  Hasan deadpans.  Series of near drownings, bubbles rising through open full mouth. That is not torture in your view? Hayden concludes by saying the  legal opinion at the time  was no and that America had a right to use the method because they were careful. So for those keeping score at home, the logic is: America s use of waterboarding during the Bush presidency was not torture, but any use of waterboarding by other nations or by a current or future American president is torture. Spoken like a true member of the Bush Administration:  It s never bad when we do it  was their unspoken motto.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Is waterboarding torture? Do you think [waterboarding] is torture?    Mehdi Hasan asks former CIA Director Michael Hayden. Watch the full episode: aje.io/pr2dPosted by UpFront on Thursday, March 31, 2016Featured image via Al Jazeera screengrab",0
7142, GOP Freak Show? Watch Ted Cruz Have The Uncanny Ability To Speak Out Of His Ass (VIDEO),"While speaking in Fargo, North Dakota, Ted Cruz pandered directly to his audience by fear-baiting them with absolute malarkey. He went on and on about the Supreme Court and who the next justice needs to be to replace the recently departed Antonin Scalia.His words are absolute BS, but unfortunately you know so many eat it up out of fear and simply not knowing any better. After all, the Republican party needs its base as uniformed as possible to fill their minds with vile nonsense so they vote against their best interests.Regarding the Court, Cruz said: You know, just a few weeks ago with the passing of Justice Scalia, it underscored the stakes of this election, and it is not one, but two branches of the federal government that hang in the balance. We are one liberal Justice away from a radical five justice majority the likes of which this country s never seen. Because you know, a five Justice conservative majority hasn t at all been radical . Cruz continues: We are one justice away from the Supreme Court effectively stripping religious liberty from Americans all across this country. What? No, seriously   what? Unless someone from the government were to come into your home as a private citizen or protected place of worship and tell you not to worship how you do, religious liberty is still there. No one is stripping anything, except for the freedom to use religion to legally discriminate. If you serve the public, you abide by public laws, including equal protection under the law.Cruz didn t stop there though, he continues: We are one justice away from the Court effectively erasing the Second Amendment from the Bill of Rights. Abiding by the  well-regulated  part of the Second Amendment and holding true to its truest intent is not  erasing the Second Amendment.  However, if we re gonna get real about the necessity of the Second Amendment, which was originally written to amend Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution so that all state-run militias will have the capability of being armed and trained when called forth by the Republic in time of need (see also: Whiskey Rebellion), perhaps we should look if the Second Amendment should either be amended or replaced to fit modern needs. That s just common sense, though, and something many would rather ignore.Cruz s pi ce de r sistance is when he says: We are one Justice away from the Supreme Court making us subject to the world court and the United Nations and international law and giving up U.S. sovereignty. What the actual f*ck? How is abiding by international law and treaties to be well-respected around the world giving up U.S. sovereignty? Does he want to rule with an iron fist? Does he want to be dominant and bully nation s we need to continue diplomatic relations with? Cruz is proving now, more than ever, that he s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief, because he literally doesn t know how to be a world leader.Cruz s talk is dangerous and it holds no place in reality. He is talking out of his ass like some bizarre GOP freak show and he needs to be held accountable for his words and actions. How do we do that? Make sure he doesn t win the White House   vote blue no matter who..@tedcruz: ""We are one justice away from the Court effectively erasing the 2nd Amendment from the Bill of Rights.""https://t.co/rbJle5NtMm  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 2, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7143, Someone’s Finally Doing To Trump What Should’ve Been Done A Long Time Ago For Inciting Violence,"If you ve been privy to any form of a Donald Trump rally, then you re likely aware that they can sometimes get violent if anyone were to dare speak up in dissent of the Republican frontrunner. In fact, Trump himself will encourage the crowd to get the protesters out, even going so far as to incite violence. This has been going on for some time now, and many have been waiting for him to be held accountable for his actions and words. Well, it looks like that time is now.On Thursday, a lawsuit was filed by three people who assert that they were attacked, and/or called racial slurs during a Trump campaign event on March 1 in Louisville, Kentucky. According to NBC News: The lawsuit filed Thursday was on behalf of Kashiya Nwanguma, a 21-year-old college student; Molly Shah, a 36-year-old activist; and Henry Brousseau, a 17-year-old high school student. According to WDRB out of Louisville: Three people who claim they were assaulted at the Donald Trump rally on March 1 have filed a lawsuit against Trump, his campaign, a white supremacist and a Korean War Veteran. Those who claim to have been assaulted say they were there to peacefully protest, but Trump stopped his speech to tell the crowd to  get  em out of here. WDRB reports: Nwanguma, a 21-year-old University of Louisville student, claims she was protesting non-violently, carrying a sign depicting Trump s face on the body of a pig. The lawsuit alleges Nwanguma was called racist and sexist slurs and repeatedly assaulted. Heimbach and Bamberger both shoved and struck her, according to the lawsuit. A video of the incident went viral soon after the rally.Shah claims after one of Trump s five comments urging supporters to throw out protestors, Heimbach and others rushed at her small group. Shah said she witnessed someone punch Brousseau and then she was shoved from behind by Heimbach as she began to leave.Brousseau, a 17-year-old high school student, alleges he was punched in the stomach by a one of the Traditionalist Worker Party comrades.  The suit includes unknown defendant  as a party. You can read the full complaint HERE.Seeing what s been happening at Trump rallies nationwide, hearing about these incidents really isn t too hard to believe. These three individuals just finally took truth to power and are filing a much-deserved lawsuit.Listening to Donald Trump at any rally isn t like listening to any sort of politician who truly wants to serve the nation. He s clearly in this election for himself, and this is evident by how much he talks about how great he is throughout any speech. He doesn t want anyone around him to dare question his motives and he s very manipulative with the press, keeping them in pens and only fielding questions that will best suit his own interests. If you dare speak up against him, he ll slander you, and he doesn t seem to be capable of apologizing or owning up to his own mistakes. This is all on top of the fact that he only speaks in applause lines and bumper sticker phrases while encouraging his crowds to be violent. He s literally taking a crop of blindly misinformed nitwits and using them as his own personal Brownshirts, reminiscent of another harsh dictator from Germany who came into power in the 1930s.Trump must be stopped and he must be held accountable. This lawsuit is hopefully the first of many in the quest to make sure he never sets foot inside the Oval Office.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
7144, Donald Trump Just Went Liberal With His 4th Abortion Stance In 3 Days (VIDEO),"Donald Trump just can t seem to make up his mind about abortion laws, but his latest stance is going to make pro-life Republicans really angry.In the last week, the Republican frontrunner s opinion about abortion laws have changed more times than I have changed my clothes. On Wednesday, during a town hall discussion with MSNBC s Chris Matthews, Trump told the host that he believes the Roe v. Wade should be overturned and abortion should be banned. When the medical procedure is banned he said that women who get an abortion should be punished. It all went downhill from there.Shortly before the interview was set to air, Trump said the abortion issue should be  left to the states.  When he realized that people were still pretty pissed off, he said that he meant women who have abortions are  victims  and if he has his way he will punish the doctors who perform them. But now, he is once again changing his tune and is going full-on pro-choice liberal.During an interview with CBS  John Dickerson (set to air Sunday) Trump was asked about his position on abortion laws and he responded: I would ve preferred states  rights,  he added.  I think it would ve been better if it were up to the states. But right now, the laws are set .At this moment, the laws are set. And I think we have to leave it that way. Dickerson was clearly surprised by his obvious liberal position and asked, Do you think abortion is murder?  Trump replied: I have my opinions on it, but I d rather not comment on it. Right now, the current laws make abortion 100 percent legal and he is saying that he does not believe they should be changed. That means that he is not pro-life, but instead pro-choice. Which, by the way, is the position he always had until he realized that he could appeal to America s ignorant imbeciles and changed his long-held position.After this clip from the Face The Nation interview was aired and the media reacted, Trump s campaign once again scrambled to  clarify  his statement, saying: Mr. Trump gave an accurate account of the law as it is today and made clear it must stay that way now   until he is President. Then he will change the law through his judicial appointments and allow the states to protect the unborn. There is nothing new or different here. That s actually not what he said at all, but it s funny that they are trying to spin it again.Watch the clip below:Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
7145, This Is What Happened When A Black Man Offered Free Hugs At A Donald Trump Rally (VIDEO),"When Ken Nwadike, founder of Free Hugs Project, attended both a Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders rally in order to offer free hugs to attendees   he inadvertently summed up the core difference between the two.In an effort to make America love again, Nwadike provided his free hugs at the Wisconsin rallies of both candidates. At the Trump rally, his offers were met with hostility, flagrant racism, and even threats of physical violence.One woman shouts at him:  White is better! A man tells him:   I don t want any drugs    as if that could be the only thing on offer from a young black man in America.When one man tells Nwadike he hates him, Nwadike responds that  the feeling is not mutual    explaining that he has love in his heart for all people, even those who don t agree with him. The man responds:  First of all there is no love in this world. Really? You have to wonder how he feels about his parents, his friends, his community   no love? Really?Another woman yells:  Are you for Trump? I will punch you if you are not!  She pulls her arm back and balls her fist, in preparation to launch a genuine punch.The whole scene is very scared, very angry, very hateful people   unwilling and unable to engage with affection, compassion, and understanding. Whipped into a despairing, disgusting mob by their candidate. It is sad, and hopeless.Things looks quite different at the Bernie Sanders rally. Nwadike can barely keep up with the demand for hugs. Men and women, boys and girls, all fly at him enthusiastically, keen to reach out and accept the love and affection of another human being. The attendees are visibly much more racially diverse, open, communicative   and frankly, happy. The mood is joyful, hopeful, and there are smiles and welcomes going around like wildfire.The video serves as a window into two Americas:Featured image via screencapture",0
7146," Watch Chris Hayes Destroy Scott Walker’s Biggest Lie, In 16 Brutal Seconds (VIDEO)","Scott Walker emerged from the ashes of his failed Presidential campaign this week when the primaries came to Wisonsin. But MSBNC host Chris Hayes gave him a further headache, by managing to destroy Walker s biggest lie, in just 16 brutal seconds.Walker is trying to pass tough voter ID laws which are likely to effectively disenfranchise the members of the community least likely to vote Republican, all in the name of preventing a voter fraud problem which doesn t actually exist. Walker tried the argument on MSNBC host Chris Hayes this week, and got destroyed. Alright, let s look at the facts,  Hayes said.  There s the fact that despite dire warnings of voter fraud, a Wisconsin federal district judge ruled that the law s defenders   and I m quoting    could not point to a single instance of known voter impersonation occurring in Wisconsin at any time in the recent past. The ruling took just 16 seconds to recite, but if the law passes regardless, more than 300,000 people (largely people of color, and people in poverty) will be unable to vote in the primaries. It is the continuation of the GOP s plans to effectively rig the vote, by disenfranchising people least likely to vote for them.Minority and poor communities are already hit by felony disenfranchisement   as the Sentencing Project reports:Nationally, an estimated 5.85 million Americans are denied the right to vote because of laws that prohibit voting by people with felony convictions. Felony disenfranchisement is an obstacle to participation in democratic life which is exacerbated by racial disparities in the criminal justice system, resulting in 1 of every 13 African Americans unable to vote.Image via The Sentencing ProjectThe no-nonsense crushing shines a light on just how far the conservative media is failing its readers and viewers, by failing to do the most basic factcheck on these issues. Whether conservative or liberal, we deserve a media which holds politicians and lawmakers to account when they lie. Instead, we see the media playing partisan   if our friends said it it s true, it our enemies said it, it s a lie. The American public deserve better.Here s the video:Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons/Screengrab",0
7147, Palin Stuns Room By Claiming Latinos Are Enticed Over Border With Soccer Ball-Filled Gift Baskets (TWEETS),"Sarah Palin did that thing where her mouth began moving but her brain was in no way involved, and this time she managed to say some stuff that was both so offensive and so stupid that she stunned an entire room full of Republican donors into silence. Then people started laughing.Palin was speaking in her capacity as a Donald Trump surrogate to a room full of Milwaukee GOP voters (and unfortunately for her, a good number of reporters). Wisconsin is crucial for the Republican primary, and her presence there was meant to bolster Trump s sagging poll numbers. As a  winner take all  state, Wisconsin could be the key to whether Trump gets the nomination before the convention or doesn t. The stakes are very high   and he sent in Sarah Palin. She failed. She failed really, really badly.Her singular ability to create baffling word salads was out in full display. Reporters quickly began firing off tweets documenting the cringeworthy performance. By all accounts, Palin was met with a pretty unenthusiastic crowd. And things only got worse.At Milwaukee GOP dinner, Sarah Palin intro'd as ""icon to conservatives everywhere."" Man in the back snorts. Polite applause as she walks up.  Matt Flegenheimer (@mattfleg) April 2, 2016How do you know Palin has faded? 8 mins into her speech at GOP dinner and no applause yet. Some eye rolls and phone checking tho.  Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) April 2, 2016One moment did make people sit up, though. During Palin s rant, she floated the theory that undocumented immigrants are flocking to the United States because they are promised free soccer balls and gift baskets when they arrive.In Milwaukee, Sarah Palin says illegal immigrants who come across Mexican border get ""gift baskets with soccer balls.""  Reid J. Epstein (@reidepstein) April 2, 2016Sarah Palin just said that immigrants are being enticed over the border with gift baskets (???)  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) April 2, 2016Who are giving these people soccer ball-filled gift baskets? Trump s opponent Ted Cruz and his friend conservative radio host Glenn Beck. Of course.On illegal immigrants, Palin says Trump's opponents are ""inducing and seducing them with gift baskets.""  Patrick Svitek (@PatrickSvitek) April 2, 2016In fact, as Mediaite notes, Palin s bizarre rant about soccer balls may stem from a two year old story about how Glenn Beck went to the border during the child immigrant crisis in 2014 with supplies for the children. At the time, Beck (and Palin) blamed Obama for the children being sent to the border to escape violence and famine in South and Central America. Beck enlisted Ted Cruz to help deliver the packages. It was their way of opportunistically doing something nice for the kids, while also publicly shaming a president that they hated.What s baffling is that Palin seems to believe that the soccer balls doled out by Glenn Beck in 2014 actually drove immigrants to come to America. In her delusional telling, Ted Cruz   a fanatical anti-immigrant crusader   is  pro-immigration  because he took part in a photo shoot with detained immigrant children waiting to be deported in 2014. If your eyes just rolled into the back of your head, imagine sitting in a room with her as she makes that pitch. The crowd began openly mocking her.seeing some people in the crowd talking amongst themselves as Palin speaks, some laughing (and not with her, more at her)  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) April 2, 2016It s safe to say, Sarah Palin didn t win Trump any votes in Milwaukee   and may have actually cost him a few.Watch Palin s insane speech below:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
7148," To Understand Why MILLIONS Support Bernie Sanders, Watch His New Ad (VIDEO)","Not too many people had heard of Bernie Sanders until recently. Although a senator, Sanders doesn t come from a famous political family, nor is he a party favorite. However, Sanders has taken the country by storm and ignited an energy and excitement for the political process not seen in decades. That s because Sanders  ideas have hit home for many people. His new campaign ad for the presidency sums up his policies in such an impassioned way that it will leave you in tears. The ad begins with the statement: What does it mean to lead a moral life? When we talk about morality, and when we talk about hope, we have to understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little. There is no justice when the top 1/10th% owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%. Sanders also touches on the fact that  millions of people are working long hours  but unable to feed their children, and the fact that the United States today has the highest rate of childhood poverty of any country in the developed world. Instead, Sanders says we use our money for the wrong reasons: How can we talk about morality and justice when we turn our backs on the children of our country? We have in this country sufficient amounts of money to put more people in jail than any other country on earth but apparently we do not have enough money to provide jobs and education to our young people. The touching four minute ad continues to hit on topics vital to the interests of millions of Americans including healthcare  to all people as a right. All of the people, the poor and the wretched have a right to go to the doctor when they are sick. Bernie Sanders  ideas resonate with many Americans because he s been able to eloquently bring to light issues that the majority of politicians lack the courage in tackling.  He s the most genuine presidential candidate in generations.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSRUmRYrRLY]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7149, What ‘States Rights?’ – Ted Cruz Calls For Federal Law To Crush ALL Labor Unions Nationwide," In an effort to meet his weekly requirements of hypocrisy, Ted Cruz embraced the idea of a draconian federal law that would make it next to impossible for labor unions to function within America. Cruz called for a national  right to work  law, which would prevent unions from automatically collecting dues from employees that they cover. This would cause the labor unions to go bankrupt and make workers lose practically all of their collective bargaining power resulting in lower wages, worse working environments, and a reduction or loss of benefits.Hearing someone like Cruz, who completely embraces the idea of states  rights when it suits them, calling for a federal law to override all state-based labor union protections is a joke. Hypocrisy is not new to Cruz or Republicans, though. Cruz called for the law to protect the  fundamental rights  of employees. Common spin on legislation like this is that somehow the mandatory dues deducted from your paycheck to fund union representation are a violation of your rights as a worker.Apparently, the rights to collective bargaining and the fact you lose about 1500 dollars a year if you are non-union are completely lost to your average Republican legislator and voter. This is why these laws are regularly called  right to work for less. The sudden obsession with labor law is a strange diversion for Cruz, who worries more about finding ways to legalize discrimination and repeal Obamacare. The reason for it likely has less to do with allowing employers to steal money from their workers, and more with the fact he is trying to win the Wisconsin Republican primary.Cruz is echoing the only noteworthy thing Koch puppet Governor Scott Walker managed to do during his time as Governor of Wisconsin. Walker s entire claim to fame was being the corporate goon boy for attacks on labor unions. Despite his reasonable success in ruining labor unions in the state, Wisconsin still has some of the worst job prospects in America and shows no signs of serious improvement anytime soon. How advocating for a nationwide roll out of a huge Republican policy failure will help Cruz is anyone s guess. Republicans have voted for stupider things, though, so it could prove to be just the nudge Cruz needs to secure a win in Wisconsin.Featured image via (Photo by Spencer Platt /Getty Images)",0
7150," Republicans Plead With Trump, Desperate To Prevent Inevitable Brokered GOP Convention","Donald Trump recently met with the Republican National Committee as tensions between the Republican Party and the front-runner have been growing increasingly. Recently, Trump rescinded his initial promise he would back the eventual Republican Presidential nominee, breaking a pledge he signed with the organization in 2015.Trump cited the idea that the Republican Party has treated him unfairly as talks within the establishment of the party have been discussing how they could undermine his path to the party s nomination. Even for most Republicans, Trump s racism and constant spewing of stupid remarks is too much for them to handle. He has been the Republican front-runner since the primaries began, and he maintains a comfortable lead in pledged delegates. At this point, the only thing which could stop Trump from winning the Republican nomination is if the party s leaders step in and break away from who their voters chose. The implications would be disastrous for Republicans, and would likely inspire him to run independently, effectively killing any chances the GOP has for winning the presidency in 2016, and could potentially tear the party in two.Trump cited on Twitter that the meeting went well, but details as to what was discussed remain undisclosed.The Democratic Party has its own tensions between supporters this election as well. The issue of campaign finance reform and money in politics has been a divisive issues among Democrats, as even prominent celebrities have openly attacked one another on behalf of each candidate.The contrast between the Republican and Democratic Party has never been greater in recent history. Both parties have been pulled away from the moderate center. It will be interesting to see how all of this will unfold in the coming months.Featured image via Flickr",0
7151, Watch President Obama Hilariously DESTROY Trump Over His Nuclear Ideas,"President Obama spoke to reporters at the close of the fourth Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C. about Republican frontrunner Donald Trump s statements regarding his advocacy for the proliferation of nuclear weapons. Trump had stated earlier in the week that more countries should have nuclear weapons, including Japan and South Korea. He also suggested that the US should get rid of 70 years of arms negotiations and agreements. Here s what President Obama had to say about Trump s comments: The person who made the statements doesn t know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean Peninsula or the world generally. The president made his statement about Trump in a way that was serious, but at the same time with a tone that seemed to indicate that he thought Trump was an absolute moron. In reference to America s nuclear umbrella for Japan and South Korea, the president said that it is: One of the cornerstones of our presence in the Asia-Pacific. It has prevented the possibilities of a nuclear escalation and conflict. You don t mess with that. It s an investment that rests on the sacrifices that our men and women made. We don t want someone in the Oval Office who doesn t recognize how important that is. One can only imagine what the president s thoughts are on what the Republicans have to offer for a GOP nominee: There s the creepy Ted Cruz and there s crazy Trump. At this point in the game the president probably is both humored and alarmed at the choices.Watch video here:Pres. Obama suggests Trump ""doesn't know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy."" https://t.co/y21HLhwl2X https://t.co/l54PRiXmHy  ABC News (@ABC) April 1, 2016 Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7152, History Teacher Forces Students To Watch Film Depicting Violent Crucifixion Of Jesus (VIDEO),"A history teacher who openly ranted in the classroom about how much he hates Democrats and liberals forced his students to watch a film depicting the crucifixion of Jesus.Wilbur D. Mills High School in Little Rock, Arkansas has suspended Greg Hendrix after he intentionally brought his political and religious beliefs into his classroom in an effort to indoctrinate the students under his supervision.As students walked into the class to learn about American History since 1890, they soon realized the lesson for the day had nothing to do with the last 126 years, but would instead be on a controversial event that allegedly occurred over 2000 years ago.Hendrix played Mel Gibson s The Passion of the Christ, which included scenes of Jesus being violently tortured and nailed to a cross. In protest, some students walked out rather than have religion shoved down their throats.Kristina Coffman was one of those students and she expressed discomfort over what Hendrix did. It was weird,  she told THV11.  He shouldn t have done it because there are a lot of students that have different religions. It just didn t feel right. One student even recorded Hendrix whining about Democrats and liberals and political correctness.In all, five students walked out of the classroom and some students who watched the film bullied others after doing so. Hendrix also made students take a quiz about the movie afterwards. Not only are parents angry, the ACLU isn t very happy about the situation either.Arkansas ACLU executive director Rita Sklar said the organization is considering filing an ethics complaint. It s religious proselytization. It has nothing to do with the class, which is history since 1890,  Sklar said.  Kids having the religious liberty in school means they can express their religious views. It doesn t mean the teacher can. Here s the video via THV11:Indeed, by forcing students to view the film Hendrix clearly endorsed Christianity and violated the rights of every student in his classroom as well as failing to do his job protecting students and teaching the correct subject matter. By showing this film, he also exposed the students to R-rated material that included graphic violence. Many consider the film to be anti-Semitic and scholars have criticized the film for historical and biblical inaccuracies.Clearly, this film should never have been shown to students at all, and Hendrix should have focused on history after 1890. Now he faces termination, and rightfully so.Featured image via Patheos",0
7153, Maine GOP Governor Holds State Senate Hostage Over Personal Grudge,"Paul Lepage, the Tea Party disaster that happens to technically be the governor of Maine, just keeps finding bold new ways to prove he isn t qualified to hold his job. I say he is technically the governor of Maine because the word itself implies governing   as in working and doing a job. LePage does virtually none of that.The latest crusade of stupidity he has embarked upon is the outright refusal to perform his constitutional duty and swear in a new state senator, who recently won a special election. This leaves people of his state without representation in their capitol and shows yet again why the phrase  tea party  automatically disqualifies from any position of authority in any job.Susan Deschambault, a Biddeford Democrat, won a special election for the Senate District 32 seat on Tuesday. She traveled to the capitol with her family to be sworn in, only to be told the governor refused to do it. His reason is even worse than his behavior. LePage won t swear her in because of a totally unrelated issue where the senate has rejected the confirmation of the governor s nominee to the state s unemployment insurance commission.Deschambault literally has NOTHING to do with any of this, but he is denying her the ability to do her job, denying her constituents representation, denying Maine a fully-functional state house and violating his oath of office as governor just because he is an overgrown child who wants to have a tantrum.Tea Partiers are not the brightest bulb in the room normally. However, this move really is beyond reason even for them. We have a sitting U.S. governor who is literally holding his own state s ability to govern itself hostage until he gets his way. Mario Moretto, the spokesman for state senate Democrats, has said that the senate is looking for alternative methods of installing Deschambault into her office. The state attorney general also gave a statement that she is aware of the situation and that alternative methods are being sought, but she declined to comment further on the matter.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7154, Donald Trump Has Lowest Favorability Rating Of Any Candidate In Documented History,"Who likes Donald Trump? Not Democrats. Not women, young adults, Hispanics or independents, either. Half of Republican voters don t even like him.According to a new poll conducted jointly by The Washington Post and ABC News, Donald Trump is unpopular with just about everyone in the country.In fact, The Washington Post reports that Trump has the worst favorability rating of any candidate in the survey s 32-year-long history.The poll shows that 67 percent of all voters view Trump unfavorably.Certain demographics like him less than others. For example, 75 percent of women view him unfavorably. Among young voters, 80 percent have an unfavorable view of the current Republican frontrunner. Not surprisingly, Hispanic voters like Trump the least, with 85 percent having an unfavorable view.Half of all republican voters said they view Trump unfavorably. What s more, just 20 percent of Republicans said they would oppose attempts to stop Trump from gaining the party s nomination. More than twice as many, 43 percent, said they would support such an effort.While only 34 percent of republicans surveyed said they want to see Trump become president of the United States, that number is still higher than the number of voters who support challengers Ted Cruz or John Kasich.He may manage to gain the republican nomination, but Trump s very low favorability rating is not going to carry him through a general election.According to Real Clear Politics, both democratic candidates would defeat Donald Trump in the general election.Hillary Clinton leads Trump by 10.6 points, according to the site s general election matchup predictions.Clinton s democratic competitor, Bernie Sanders, leads Trump by an even larger margin nationally, with a 15.8 percentage point lead over the republican frontrunner.It s easy to see why republicans are willing to do just about anything to stop Trump from winning the party s nomination.Trump may poll favorably among a small portion of republican voters, but you can t win a general election when democrats, independents, women, Hispanic voters, young adults, even half of the people in your own party literally despise you.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images ",0
7155, Michigan’s Republican Governor Just Won A Major Leadership Award,"Fortune released their  The World s 19 Most Disappointing Leaders  list on March 30. Coming in at number one on the list is Michigan s Republican governor Rick Snyder.Fortune gave Snyder the  Don t Blame Me, I m Just The Governor Award  for his failures over his handling of the Flint water crisis. Fortune writes:Snyder and his team sparked national outrage after an attempt at cost-savings left the impoverished city of Flint, Mich. with a lead-tainted water supply that is being blamed for illness and brain damage, especially among its youngest residents. Called to testify before Congress, Snyder, who touted his competence in his gubernatorial campaign, labeled the experience the  most humbling  of his life then attempted to shift blame. He described it as a  failure of government  and blasted the Environmental Protection Agency for its  dumb and dangerous  rules on allowable amounts of lead in water systems.Because you don t win an award like that and not offer a response, Ari Adler, a spokesman for Snyder, said that Snyder is concerned with  fixing problems, not internet polls.  The rank of each leader received was based on internet votes. Though, the 19 leaders in the poll were chosen by Fortune s editorial staff.Adler also said: The decision on whether to use corrosion control in the Flint water supply was not about saving money, but rather was a mistake made by bureaucrats who misinterpreted a flawed federal rule. Gov. Snyder is the only leader at all levels of government involved in the Flint water crisis who has been willing to stand up and apologize, take responsibility for what happened on his watch, and tackle the problems head on to fix what happened in Flint and fix the system that caused it to happen. It s responses like this that make one wonder how much money Snyder has wasted after he hired two PR firms while the nation raged against him. You can t say that you have accepted responsibility for a crisis right after you blame other people for that crisis.There is also the fact that the Flint water crisis did not happen in a bubble. It happened while the Snyder administration worked fervently to erode democracy in Michigan. It happened while Detroit s and other communities school systems and critical infrastructure were left to ruin.That s why Snyder s sorry-not-sorry is even more disingenuous than it might seem at first glance. He has at no point even acknowledged that his administration s system-wide dismantlement of local governments and austerity measurements that have proven to be fatal, have anything to do with the crisis. The only thing Snyder kind-of-but-not-really acknowledges is that his administration is in charge and, therefore, shares some of the responsibility for the Flint water crisis on the basis of Snyder being Michigan s figurehead.So here s to Snyder s latest achievement. Let it be the first of many.Featured Image:  (Photo by Brett Carlsen/Getty Images) ",0
7156, Esurance Wins April Fools Day With HILARIOUS Dig At This Year’s Crazy Election Cycle (VIDEO),"If there s one thing we all know for certain, and one thing we can all unite behind, it s the fact that this year s election cycle is absolutely bonkers. Especially on the Republican side.While the Democrats have two very solid choices for Commander-in-Chief, and it literally comes down to style of leadership and policy positions (as it should), the Republicans are left with two choices that are the equivalent to choosing which venereal disease you d rather put up with. They re pretty f*cking awful.Noticing how crazy this year s election has become was none other than the insurance company Esurance. And in a brilliant April Fool s Day prank that may actually win the day, they put together an entire commercial dedicated to selling  election insurance. They begin by posing the question: This November, anything could happen. Are you covered? Then they go through why you will likely need to leave home and move to Canada, and will need an insurance policy to protect your home for at least the next four years.By the end, they end with: The smart way to protect your home after you abandon it. And while it may be only a joke, it s really not a half bad idea.To avoid the feeling that you may need to move, remember to vote blue no matter who.Protect your home in case of a sudden move to another country with #ElectionInsurance.https://t.co/DvuXMnK0KJ  Esurance (@esurance) March 31, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7157, Donald Trump Just Posted A BRUTAL Video That Shows How Much Everyone Hates Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"Maybe this is Republican front-runner Donald Trump s strange way of celebrating April Fool s Day or maybe he s just being his normal, childish self, but The Donald has just posted a pretty hilarious video that boasts the fact that his GOP rival, Texas senator Ted Cruz, is highly unlikable.Cruz s unpopularity amongst not only the general public, but his Republican colleagues as well, has been widely reported on during this campaign. So much so, that there was even an analysis done on the offensiveness of Cruz s face! Trump is using this to his full advantage in his new Instagram video, which is so creatively entitled  Nobody Likes Ted The short video goes through several instances where Cruz s peers have insulted and spoken about how much they dislike him. Testimonials from Cruz s former college roommate Craig Mazin, old bosses like Bill O Reilly and fellow senators all get their fair share of the spotlight in footage that will surely take Cruz s ego down several notches.Mazin s appearance in the video was no surprise   he s spoken openly about his disdain for Cruz several times before. However, former Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole is an interesting addition, as he suggests he might  oversleep  on election day if Cruz is nominated. Senator Lindsey Graham, who chose to endorse Cruz s campaign over Trump s, has previously made it perfectly clear that his endorsement in no way means that he likes Cruz, and that he believes the Texas senator is just as bad as President Barack Obama,  if not worse.  Another hilarious part features Bill O Reilly telling Cruz that former President George W. Bush doesn t like him! At the end of the video, after Cruz gets slammed by basically everyone he s ever been close to, the text reads  TRUSTED? You can watch Trump s video below:Does anybody like Lyin  Ted?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Apr 1, 2016 at 11:38am PDTNow infamous for his constant flip-flopping, Trump s certainly singing a different tune than he was in September, when he praised Cruz and said,  I like him. He likes me. He s backed me 100 percent. Featured image is a screenshot",0
7158, ‘Earthquake Election’ Destroying GOP Predicted After THESE Poll Numbers Were Released,"For months concerns have been expressed about the ability of the Democratic Party to duplicate the voter enthusiasm expressed for President Obama in his successful 2008 and 2012 campaigns. Getting historic turnout among young and black voters was seen as the most difficult task facing whoever becomes the Democratic nominee, whether it is Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.But now a new poll from Democracy Corps shows that the Democratic secret turnout weapon may be embedded in the Republican Party: Donald Trump.As this chart shows, interest in the 2016 presidential campaign has soared among each of the key Democratic constituent groups minorities, millennials, and single white women: What you see in this chart,  says Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg of Democracy Corps,  is big engagement since last December among not only core Democratic groups, but also the swing electorate like college[-educated] women who usually split fairly evenly between the parties. Greenberg goes on to tell Bloomberg that the jump in support from these core Democratic-leaning groups  means we re getting closer and closer to an earthquake election. As if that wasn t sad enough news for Republicans, the poll was conducted March 17-24, before Trump made his comments this week that women would have to be  punished  for having abortions if, as the Republican Party desires, abortion is outlawed in America. The line has been slammed by both the Sanders and Clinton campaigns, who point out that women should not be sent to prison or worse for making their own choices about their personal health care.Republican Party insiders are in a full panic about Trump, as poll after poll shows him losing to the Democrats now by double digits. States that have been considered safe Republican territory   like Georgia   could be in play due to Trump s historically high unpopularity across multiple demographics. A recent poll showed Trump losing to Clinton even with white voters, which was thought to be his one area of strength, at least amongst men.An earthquake, indeed.Featured image via YouTube",0
7159, A Federal Judge Just Slapped Down One Of Mississippi’s Most Digustingly Bigoted Laws,"Mississippi has been on a theocratic tear lately. When not giving churches the ability to create  militias for God  with the power to use deadly force and carry firearms, the state s largely conservative legislature has been busy attacking gay rights with something bordering on obsession.Mississippi s state Senate pushed through a vicious anti-gay bill that would:But if that wasn t enough, the bill also reinforced Mississippi s long-standing ban on same-sex couples from adopting children. The insane bigotry on display in Mississippi in the face of current trends towards LGBT rights has led to bizarre work arounds, including social workers asking same-sex couples to live in separate houses for at least six months so they could legally pretend to be single parents *wink wink* and not two loving ones who happen to be gay.A federal judge took one look at the case and concluded that Mississippi was violating a mountain of human rights.Written by U.S. District Judge Daniel Jordan III, the order argued that the state s law barring the adoptions obviously targets married gay couples and limits their rights.  Furthermore, the court argued that the Department of Human Services  policy violates the constitution s equal protection clause as the result of last year s landmark Supreme Court ruling that laws against same-sex marriage are unconstitutional.In short: You can t tell same-sex couples that they can t have children just because you don t happen to like same-sex marriage. It doesn t work that way.The fact of the matter is that Mississippi has absolutely no case   other than unmitigated bigotry   to justify its same-sex adoption ban. Study after study has shown that adopted children in same-sex households do just as well as their counterparts adopted by heterosexual parents. In one major study, researchers discovered that kids raised in same-sex households actually did better.In light of that research, preventing gay couples from adopting isn t just a major screw you to the potential parents, but also to the kids waiting in foster homes. Republican lawmakers may feel comfortable telling gay Mississippians that they aren t allowed to have children, but it takes a particularly heartless person to coldly explain to a child that they can t have a family because a few politicians in the Capitol find same-sex marriage  icky. Thankfully, Judge Jordan s ruling isn t just good news for the people of Mississippi, but have far-reaching implications. As of now, the Department of Human Serves doesn t explicitly protect sexual orientation from adoption discrimination. Jordan called bullshit. According to his ruling, that policy is, in itself, discrimination and should be amended. That would mean Mississippi would be just the first of several Republican states to suddenly have their bigoted adoption policies dismantled.If it stands it means a lot of kids waiting for adoption are about to get some great news.Featured image via Wikipedia ",0
7160, So Much For Outreach: Black Staffers Are Jumping Ship From The RNC,"When Republicans examined why they lost the 2012 Presidential Election, leadership concluded that they needed better outreach to groups such as women and African-Americans. And it s not going well.As it turns out, the Republican National Committee began by hiring some black employees to head up the outreach program in order to bring more black voters to the party.But as Donald Trump soars in popularity among white supremacists and gets ever closer to capturing the Republican nomination, the national director of African-American Initiatives at the RNC appears to have decided to throw in the towel on that effort to work for Maryland Governor Larry Hogan instead.In a statement to Huffington Post, Kristal Quarker-Hartsfield failed to mention why she chose to leave the RNC, saying only that she enjoyed her time working there and praised Reince Priebus as a good leader. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at the RNC. she said. It has been an honor to work for Chairman Priebus during an exciting time in politics. It has been exciting to have a front row seat to a national Republican movement to maintain the House and win back the Senate. Chairman Priebus is an innovative leader who empowers his team, and serves my Party as a humble servant leader. It could merely be a coincidence that Quarker-Hartsfield just happens to be abandoning her post at a time when it s likely the racist Trump has destroyed just about every effort the GOP has tried to attract minority voters.But when you consider that three other black staffers have jumped ship over the last few months, it becomes less of a coincidence and more of a sign.Huffington Post reports:Quarker-Hartsfield joins several other staffers of color who have departed the RNC recently. Orlando Watson, communications director for black media, left earlier this month. Tara Wall and Raffi Williams, son of Fox News political analyst Juan Williams, both left their press positions at the RNC late last year.Though Williams denies that he left the RNC because of Trump or the racist rhetoric that has taken over the GOP, one can t help but wonder if it bothers him and the other black staffers on any level.Clearly, the RNC is experiencing problems reaching out to minority voters and Trump is making that effort even more difficult as Hispanics, women, African-Americans, and Muslims have all been targeted by Trump supporters and Trump s nasty rhetoric.It certainly appears that with Trump in the lead, some black staffers at the RNC just didn t want to waste their time trying to reach out to voters because it is kinda hard to convince minority voters that your party isn t racist when a racist has been all but crowned as the Republican nominee. It also makes one wonder how these staffers could be Republicans in the first place. Featured image via Flickr",0
7161," Threading A Fine Needle, The National African-American Museum Will Include Rape Allegations Against Bill Cosby","As the National Museum of African-American History and Culture prepares to open later this year, controversy has already marred the highly anticipated addition to the National Mall. The question of whether Bill Cosby s exhibit should include any mention of the numerous allegations of rape currently leveled against him was hotly contested and the museum has made its decision:After days of questioning, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which opens in Washington in September, said on Thursday that it would add a reference to accusations of sexual assault made against Bill Cosby in an exhibition that recognizes pioneering work in comedy and television.While some people wanted the exhibit to ignore the lawsuits, others wanted the exhibit completely stricken. The tricky part is that Cosby has not been convicted of a crime (yet)   but also that he s had an enormous impact in his field. Even if (when) he s convicted, does that really negate his pervasive influence in the entertainment industry? More importantly, as Lonnie Brunch, Founding Director of the museum points out, too much of black history has been disappeared and censoring Cosby would only add to that unfortunate trend.On the other hand, it s pretty clear that Cosby is a sleaze and not mentioning that would be a true disservice to his unbelievable number of victims and deprive the public of the full context of who he was.Here s the museum s statement in full:There have been many misconceptions and mistaken notions about the presence of Bill Cosby within the National Museum of African American History and Culture s exhibition,  Taking the Stage,  that explores the history of African American participation in film, theatre and television. This is not an exhibition that  honors or celebrates  Bill Cosby but one that acknowledges his role, among many others, in American entertainment. Some people feel that the Smithsonian should eliminate all mention of Bill Cosby as a result of recent revelations. We understand but respectfully disagree. For too long, aspects of African American history have been erased and undervalued, creating an incomplete interpretation of the American past. This museum seeks to tell, in the words of the eminent historian John Hope Franklin,  the unvarnished truth  that will help our visitors to remember and better understand what has often been erased and forgotten. Like all of history, our interpretation of Bill Cosby is a work in progress, something that will continue to evolve as new evidence and insights come to the fore. Visitors will leave the exhibition knowing more about Mr. Cosby s impact on American entertainment, while recognizing that his legacy has been severely damaged by the recent accusations.-Lonnie Bunch, Founding Director Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and CultureFeatured image courtesy of the National Museum of African-American History and Culture ",0
7162, MSNBC SKEWERS Donald Trump For Accusing Them Of Editing Abortion Question (VIDEO),"Republican front runner Donald Trump is still (thankfully) getting blasted for the outrageously offensive comments he made on Wednesday, when he told MSNBC s Chris Matthews that  there has to be some form of punishment  for women who have abortions. Trump has been frantically trying to backpedal on those statements, but no one is buying his bullsh*t. Now, he s accusing the network for editing the interview with Matthews in an attempt to make him look bad! Seriously, as if Trump needs any help with that Trump was doing an phone interview on Fox News The O Reilly Factor Thursday when he made senselessly blamed MSNBC for the awful backlash his abortion remarks have gotten. As guest host Eric Bolling brought up the comments, Trump accused the network of cutting the controversial discussion on abortion so much that his  punishment  comments were taken completely out of context. Trump said: You really ought to hear the whole thing. This is a long convoluted question. This was a long discussion, and they just cut it out. And, frankly, it was extremely   it was really convoluted. It could be that I misspoke. But this was a long, convoluted subject. We talked about Catholicism and his religion, and [Chris Matthews] went back and forth about that. This was a very long, convoluted discussion which, frankly, they don t want on television because it was too long. You can listen to Trump point his (freakishly tiny) finger at MSNBC in the interview footage below, starting at around the 4:45 mark:Unfortunately for Trump, MSNBC is calling him out as a liar. In a statement to TVNewser, the network insisted that absolutely no editing had been done to that interview, and that Trump s comments really were as awful as everything thought. MSNBC said: The town hall interview with Donald Trump was taped in advance and then aired in its entirety. Absolutely no part of the exchange between Trump and Chris Matthews was edited out. Featured image via Flickr/Gage Skidmore",0
7163, This One Car Could Overthrow The Governments Of America’s Enemies Better Than Any War Could (VIDEO),"For more than a century, countries around the world who found themselves rich in crude oil have held industrialized nations dependent on it hostage. Since the first Ford factory pushed out a production automobile, forever changing the way we travel, those countries with the means to fuel the internal combustion engine have prospered.The United States has prided itself on being peacemakers since World War II, but all too often we are held captive by what would otherwise be third world nations, often ruled by religious zealots and ruthless dictators. The first Gulf War was the perfect example. Kuwait, a long-standing ally and major supplier of oil to the U.S., was toppled within days by Saddam Hussein, who wanted control of their port and their oil. The United States had no choice but to step in, calling it a humanitarian mission and sending Hussein back to Baghdad, but stopping short of toppling his regime once the oil was secured. Suddenly, it became far more important to put out oil field fires than it was to remove a ruthless murderer from power.Our government and our allies have to protect the interests of their people. In doing so we are stuck dealing with people like the Saudis, who have a Royal Family with good intentions but are ultimately ruled by fundamentalist clerics at the local level. Human rights violations far exceed what we would consider acceptable if they weren t such a large supplier of oil to NATO countries. There are examples of the same kinds of abuses from all over the oil-rich world, but the black gold tends to keep anyone from being held accountable.So how could we make it possible to rid the world of tyranny and oppression bought and paid for with crude oil? By eliminating it from the equation. Elon Musk and Tesla have just announced that we are one giant leap closer to that goal with the rollout of the model 3 , a production model fully electric car that will be available by the end of 2107 for a starting price of $35,000. With the power to go from zero to 60 in six seconds and more than 200 miles on a single charge, the Tesla model 3 could realistically change the world.Once an idea becomes a reality, the next step is to make it affordable. While $35K may seem out of reach for many, it s certainly right in line with the $33,500 average selling price of a new car in America. From there the technology should migrate to other modes of transportation. The world is a changing place, and this major step in our socioeconomic evolution is a milestone we should all be ecstatic to see.https://www.facebook.com/cnn/videos/10154647071941509/ Featured image from Jordan Pix/Getty Images",0
7164, WATCH: Gay Man Beaten After Lunatic Sees Him Kiss His Partner,"There is a disturbing video coming out of Miami Beach, Florida which shows two men get into a fight inside of a Burger King. The fight broke out after a man saw two gay men, Jordan Schaeffer, a Los Angeles man who was visiting the area, and his partner, Eric Danko, kissing.At that point, a man who has yet to be identified began insulting the couple and using derogatory gay slurs. The heated exchange quickly escalated, becoming physical in a matter of moments. Surveillance footage shows Schaeffer and the unidentified man wrestling on the ground. The subjects in this case happen to be gay individuals and that s part of our investigation to see what provoked that attack,  explained Miami Beach police officer Ernesto Rodriguez.  [The men] Had some sort of exchange with victims, a verbal exchange which escalated into a violent physical attack,  Rodriguez continued.The surveillance footage shows another man wearing a white shirt join the conflict, preventing people from trying to break up the fight. The man has also yet to be identified, so it is unknown if he had any relationship to the assailant.Police who have witnessed the footage have determined that the man is probably trained in some form of martial arts. Schaeffer escaped the conflict with lacerations on his lips. It is surprising that people concern themselves about what two people care about,  Mark Meyer, a local community member who was disturbed by the altercation said.  There s a lot of people in the world and if they re afraid to get out and see it then maybe they should just stay home and not even go to a Burger King. Police are pursuing the case as a felony battery charge. If you have any information about the assailant, please call the Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-8477.You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
7165, Federal Judge Rules Same-Sex Couples Can Adopt Children In All Fifty States,"On Thursday, U.S. District Judge Daniel Jordan ruled Mississippi s discriminatory ban on allowing same-sex couples to adopt children is unconstitutional.The ruling is a victory for LGBT rights, as several GOP-controlled states have led legislative efforts to discriminate against the LGBT community. North Carolina Democrats recently walked out of the Capitol after Republicans passed a discriminatory law banning towns and cities from protecting the rights of LGBT individuals, and Georgia nearly passed a faith-based discrimination law against the LGBT community until Georgia Governor Nathan Deal vetoed it after backlash around the country threatened Georgia with sanctions from the entertainment industry.The Federal Judge wrote in his ruling,  foreclosed litigation over laws interfering with the right to marry and rights and responsibilities intertwined with marriage. It also seems highly unlikely that the same court that held a state cannot ban gay marriage because it would deny benefits   expressly including the right to adopt   would then conclude that married gay couples can be denied that very same benefit. Mississippi was the last state in the country to stubbornly fight for their ban, first enacted in 2000, to discriminate against same sex couples from adopting. Alabama, Florida, Michigan, and Nebraska had similar laws, but have been overturned prior to this ruling. Mississippi did manage to pass a religious freedom discriminatory bill, allowing businesses to discriminate against the LGBT community, and restrictions still remain in several states for same-sex foster parents from discrimination. This welcome decision affirms that  qualified same-sex couples in Mississippi seeking to become adoptive or foster parents are entitled to equal treatment under the law, and commits to the well-being of children in our state who need loving homes,  said Rob Hill, the Human Rights Campaign State Director of Mississippi, in a statement.  Judge Jordan has repudiated reprehensible efforts by our elected leaders to deny legal rights to our families. They are on the wrong side of history, and today s decision confirms, yet again,that they are also on the wrong side of the law. Thursday s ruling is a victory in the continuing fight for LGBT rights as Republicans try to mask their homophobic and discriminatory beliefs towards the LGBT community through state legislation in the wake of the SCOTUS ruling which legalized marriage equality nationwide in 2015.Featured image via Flickr",0
7166," San Francisco Cops Caught Sending Racist, Homophobic Texts – AGAIN (VIDEO)","During an investigation into allegations of police sexual misconduct, San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon uncovered a new series of racist and homophobic text messages, which were exchanged between law enforcement officers as the department s text message scandal unfolded last year.According to Gascon, the newly discovered racist, homophobic texts show San Francisco police officers mocking public outcry over the earlier exchange of racist, homophobic texts.As Addicting Info reported here, in March of last year 14 police San Francisco police officers were identified in the scandal, which erupted after District Attorney Gascon uncovered a slew of text messages which contained references to cross burnings, the KKK, white power and other highly offensive, patently racist material. The messages referred to Black people as n*gg*rs and savages.The text messages revealed a culture of racism and homophobia within the department. One officer wrote about watching Black children  like a hawk. An exchange between two other cops read: I hate to tell you this but my wife friend [sic] is over with their kids and her husband is black! If [sic] is an Attorney but should I be worried? A second officer responded by texting, Get ur pocket gun. Keep it available in case the monkey returns to his roots. Its [sic] not against the law to put an animal down. The newly discovered texts were exchanged by a group of officers who were not connected to the previous texting scandal.While Gascon s office did not release the texts, according to KCBS the officers used racist and homophobic comments, while mocking the public outcry over the racist and homophobic texts sent by their fellow officers.Gascon, who created an independent panel to investigate racism inside the San Francisco police department, said the problem is not just a few isolated incidents of racism and homophobia. This problem is more systemic and it needs to be addressed in a more deeper fashion,  he told KCBS.After the text messages were uncovered last year, multiple criminal cases which were thought to be tainted by the officers involved in the texting scandal were dismissed by the District Attorney s Office.According to San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi, the newly uncovered texts may be grounds to dismiss a number of additional cases.In a statement released on Thursday, Adachi wrote: In light of revelations that a second group of San Francisco police officers exchanged racist and homophobic text messages, my office will begin a full review of past cases that may have been tainted by these officers. I am also calling for an independent investigation into when the police chief and district attorney learned of the text messages. Every person in San Francisco deserves equal justice. It does them a grave disservice to dismiss every hateful act as an isolated incident. The police department must address the culture that lets racism fester in its ranks. Here s more on this story from KCBS. Featured image via video screen capture via KCBS",0
7167, Donald Trump Is Staring Down A Criminal Investigation For Buying Endorsements,"The Donald isn t having a very good week at all. His campaign manager was charged with battery for assaulting a lady, multiple protesters are suing him for assault and battery, his communications director quit and told the truth about him, and his supporters won t even be able to bring their guns to the GOP convention in case things get messy. Now, it looks like he will be facing a criminal investigation for buying Ben Carson s endorsement with an illegal job offer.Last month, Ben Carson made it very clear that he did not endorse Donald Trump because he likes him, agrees with his policies, or even thinks he should be President   Trump offered him a job in his future administration in exchange for Carson s unwavering servitude. So far, he s been a good little  house boy  for the billionaire, heaping praise on the 2016 hopeful and even defending Trump s recent comments that women should face punishment for having an abortion.But this latest bought-and-paid-for bromance may cause some complication in Trump s life. Public interest group the American Democracy Legal Fund has filed a complaint with the Department of Justice Criminal Division, asking for an investigation into Trump s actions. Noting that federal law prohibits a candidate from promising a position to  any person  in exchange for support, the ADLF penned a letter demanding that Trump s illegal actions be investigated:American Democracy Legal Fund ( ADLF ) is a group established to hold candidates for office accountable for possible ethics and/or legal violations.  It has recently come to light that Mr. Donald Trump may have willfully offered Dr. Ben Carson an appointment to his administration should he become president in return for supporting his candidacy in violation of 18 U.S.C.   599.  ADLF respectfully requests that you investigate this matter and take all appropriate action as soon as possible.Former presidential candidate Dr. Carson endorsed Mr. Trump for the Republican presidential nomination on March 11, 2016.  Mr. Trump and Dr. Carson met the day before to discuss and finalize the endorsement.  Three days later, on March 14, Dr. Carson gave an interview to Newsmax TV to discuss his recent endorsement of Mr. Trump.  During the interview, Dr. Carson stated that he believed Mr. Trump would  surround himself with very good people.  When asked if he would be one of those people, Dr. Carson responded,  I will be doing things as well.  When the interviewer asked whether that meant in a Trump administration, Dr. Carson replied,  Certainly in an advisory capacity.  The interviewer then asked Dr. Carson if  that s been determined  and followed by asking,  When you sat down with [Mr. Trump] that was discussed?  Dr. Carson openly admitted,  Yes,  and said that while they  hadn t hammered out all the details,   it is very important that we work together.   When asked if this meant a cabinet position, Dr. Carson declined to  reveal any details about it right now, because all of this is still very liquid. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   599,  [w]hoever, being a candidate, directly or indirectly promises or pledges the appointment, or the use of his influence or support for the appointment of any person to any public or private position or employment, for the purpose of procuring support in his candidacy shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both; and if the violation was willful, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both. Dr. Carson s comments strongly suggest that Mr. Trump promised him an administration position in return for his endorsement.  In his interview, Dr. Carson stated that he would  certainly  have an advisory capacity within a potential Trump administration.  When asked directly whether this role was discussed during their endorsement meeting, Dr. Carson responded,  Yes.  Dr. Carson s assured answers lead to the reasonable conclusion that Mr. Trump promised Dr. Carson an administration post in order to secure his endorsement in violation of 18 U.S.C.   599.Federal law prohibits a candidate from directly or indirectly promising the appointment of any person to any public or private position in exchange for his or her support.  Dr. Carson s comments indicate that Mr. Trump used the promise of a role in his administration to secure Dr. Carson s support for his presidential campaign.  For the above stated reasons, we respectfully request that you undertake an immediate investigation of this matter.Trump cares nothing about the law. This is obvious to even the most casual observer after hearing him talk about killing terrorists  families, establishing a national Muslim database, and establishing Muslim concentration camp. Trump, a man who promises to pay for his supporters  legal defense when they beat up African-Americans at his rallies, is completely detestable. Somehow, it is almost poetic that his illegal interactions with a black man might finally bring him down.Now we must wonder: who else did he buy off?Featured image via Bloomberg Finance",0
7168, Walmart Reports First Ever Drop In Revenue — Does Greed Finally Have A Limit?,"Walmart has become the perfect symbol of the corporate greed strangling much of the planet. From putting tens of thousands of mom and pop stores out of business, union-busting, gender wage discrimination and utilizing slave labor in developing nations, Walmart has used its power to make the lives of millions of people miserable. And that s BEFORE you include leeching billions in taxpayer money by forcing their workers to live off of government assistance. All so a handful of billionaires can get even richer.But it looks like unrestrained greed can only get you so far:For the first time ever   or at least since the company went public some 45 years ago   Walmart s revenues shrank from the year before, according to its annual financial filing released Wednesday.Walmart is clearly having trouble adapting its gigantic stores to the Internet age. To be sure, it is a retail juggernaut that brings in half a trillion dollars (that s right, trillion) in sales every year. And with more than 11,500 stores in 28 countries,there s no way it will disappear anytime soon. Though Walmart shares were a safe haven in the rocky start of 2016, investors are pricing in more weakness. The stock has fallen behind retail competitors and the broader market.In February, Walmart lowered its annual net sales growth forecast to  relatively flat,  from earlier guidance that called for an increase of as much as 4 percent (the company has pointed out that previous guidance didn t account for currency changes, which have stung the global retailer).Ironically, part of this drop in revenue is due to Walmart focusing less on cutting operating expenses (like those pesky  salaries  that workers are always complaining about) and actual increased the pay for 1.2 million workers earlier this year.While a Republican might point to this and scream,  AHA! PROOF that paying the peons, I mean  valuable employees,  more is BAD for business! , less insane people would point out that a workforce of 1.2 million people that have more money will almost certainly spend some of that money at a store that carries most of the stuff they need. Like, for instance, Walmart?These hypothetical less crazy people might also point out that paying 1.2 million people more money would boost the economy and that a healthier economy means more people have more money to spend at places like, for instance again, Walmart. Because let s be honest, Walmart is not paying more out of the goodness of its cold, calculating corporate heart.It s too much to hope that the embodiment of everything wrong with unrestrained capitalism will go out of business and, frankly, that would be an unemployment disaster, but we can hope for a steady decline and THEN a collapse. I would also be happy if Walmart s board simply had an epiphany that crushing the middle class is not a viable long term strategy. Sure, paying a living wage would mean the shareholders would make less money but if the alternative is eventually going out of business because there s not enough demand, it would be more than worth the short term sting.Either way, let s hope this dip in revenue is the start of something good for America and the world.Featured image via AI archives",0
7169," Deborah Messing And Susan Sarandon’s EPIC Political Twitter Battle Goes Horribly Wrong (TWEETS, VIDEO)","Two avid Democrats took to Twitter this week to bring a little more public exposure to an issue far too many people are beginning to ignore: party infighting. Susan Sarandon and Deborah Messing, women well-known for being champions of liberal causes, ended up in a Twitter battle that could only be referred to as unfortunate.The incident occurred when Sarandon, in an interview with MSNBC, seemed to come out in support of the  Bernie or Bust  movement that has huge numbers of Bernie Sanders supporters vowing to either stay home or support Donald Trump if Sanders loses the Democratic nomination:Susan Sarandon backing Bernie Sanders is no secret, and certainly there s nothing wrong with it. Unfortunately, the growing movement inside the Sanders support base to take such a harsh stance of another Democrat to the point that you would cut off your own nose to spite your face by allowing a Republican   especially Donald Trump   into the White House just doesn t make sense. The language Sarandon used seemed to say she would go so far as to support Donald Trump, which fellow actress Jamie Lee Curtis just couldn t let slide:I respect but disagree with @SusanSarandon. A possible support of Trump over @HillaryClinton is dangerous 2 women, minorities & immigrants.  Jamie Lee Curtis (@jamieleecurtis) March 29, 2016Sarandon cleared that up immediately, tweeting back:Of course I would never support Trump for any reason. If you watch the interview you'll see that's not what I said. https://t.co/wQk0cMmeyp  Susan Sarandon (@SusanSarandon) March 29, 2016No, it isn t. What she said is that Trump would cause a revolution, and when asked what she would do is Bernie lost, she said she would  wait and see.  Deborah Messing, another avid Democrat and political activist, chimed in at that point and engaged in a back and forth with Sarandon that highlights the Democratic party s issues with unity, something we re supposed to be better at than Republicans:Susan Sarandon muses tht Trump prezcy wud b better 4 the country thn Hillary.Wonder if she'd say that if she were poor,gay,Muslim or immgrnt  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 2016LOL that I would ever vote Trump. https://t.co/pnENMgmbvm  Susan Sarandon (@SusanSarandon) March 29, 20161-What kind of revolution?! A WALL?! #ImWithHer but if it's Bernie/Trump I will ABSOLUTELY support BS. https://t.co/nqPGCDStCX  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 20162- the idea that Susan Sarandon wud say that NOT supporting Hillary in a HRC/Trump race is a legitimate choice for Democrats, is insane.  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 20163- There are people who need protections, and B Bernie or Hillary have that as a priority. Trump does not. https://t.co/oLueAHCaUe  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 2016To be fair, Messing makes excellent points, but is she attacking an ally? From the video it seems that Sarandon is only an ally if Bernie Sanders wins, but she again clarifies her position:.@DebraMessing if it weren't for Sanders & whose interests HC doesn't represent, it is a dilemma. (2/2)  Susan Sarandon (@SusanSarandon) March 30, 2016And again Messing fires back:1-You are not a first time voter.Your position,as a life long advocate 4 the underepresented,is what matters to me. https://t.co/oLueAHCaUe  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 20162-Your voice is powerful and influential. You not clearly disavowing Trump implies that u consider him (vs Hillary) https://t.co/oLueAHCaUe  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 20163- There are people who need protections, and B Bernie or Hillary have that as a priority. Trump does not. https://t.co/oLueAHCaUe  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) March 30, 2016Both of the Democratic candidates for president have loyal followings. Sarandon is suggesting that Bernie supporters aren t necessarily Democrats but Independents and even Republicans. Her support for her candidate is unwavering. It s unfortunate that she felt the need to attack Secretary Clinton the way she did, but she is entitled to her opinion. Messing was also sticking to her convictions, which seem to be more consistent with putting a Democrat in the White House regardless of the nominee.#BernieOrBust is perhaps the most absurd political movement considering if the senator loses the primaries he will undoubtedly throw his support behind Clinton. Clinton has already proven what she will do if she loses when she not only supported Barack Obama in 2008 but called for a quorum call nomination at the Democratic National Convention that both ended the voting and united the party around a single candidate.The candidates will continue their battle because that s what candidates do. Their supporters will continue to support them because that s what they do. If Hillary Clinton should win the nomination and Bernie Sanders supporters make good on their promise to stay home, polish off your passport; you ll have a brighter future in Canada.Featured images by Alberto Rodriguez and Bravo/Getty Images",0
7170, Maddow: It’s ‘A Farce’ To Pretend The GOP Doesn’t Agree With Trump On Abortion (VIDEO),"Rachel Maddow is angry with her fellow members of the press   and with very good reason. The thing is, everyone has been railing Trump s nutty comments regarding punishing women for exercising their right to choose to end a pregnancy, and rightfully so. However, the truth is, the whole GOP agrees with Trump, but no one is talking about that. On the Thursday night edition of her show, Maddow took the rest of the press to task for ignoring the dangerous anti-woman views of almost all politicians on the right. She began: I don t know if the Beltway media sort of doesn t get this yet, or if they don t feel like reporting on it or if it s uncomfortable, or if it earns you too many enemies from people you want to be sources or friends in the future. But what we are having right now in terms of the focus of the Republican presidential race and its national media coverage right now is a farce. She reminded everyone that Ted Cruz and others are simply smart enough not to openly call for something as outrageous as punishment for abortions, and he said so at a  Women for Cruz  rally. Maddow continued:Ted Cruz is right, that the anti-abortion movement in general has learned to stop talking about that. They don t like to talk about that; they like to say that they ll never talk about that. But it is, if we re being honest here, an unavoidable consequence of what it would mean if they get their way. Maddow is right, of course. Cruz has very extreme views on abortion, and has bragged publicly about his so-called  right to life  stance. He isn t any less extreme than Trump; in fact, he may be more so, considering that he has said he d go around the Roe v. Wade decision to end abortion in America for good.Maddow s parting warning is one we all need to understand and heed:So, just a note to the national media and to the Beltway media on this subject. I know everybody s all over Donald Trump on this   what will this mean for his campaign?   but covering a story like this does not mean just writing down what people want you to say about them in the terms they want you to use. Exactly. The entire Republican Party wants to set women s rights back half a century, but nobody wants to talk about that. That is a very dangerous game to play, to ignore the facts of their positions and pretend that these other politicians are any better than the circus act that is the Donald Trump campaign.Watch the video below. Maddow s Trump comments start around the 10:50 mark:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7171, Watch How Trump Just Screwed Every Republican By Saying He’d Punish Women For Abortions (VIDEO),"Trump s latest fiasco is so bad that it s bleeding over into other GOP presidential campaigns. Not only that, but there s every reason to think this could land on House and Senate Republicans in 2016 as well. You can see the perfect example of it already happening in the videos below.It all started with Trump saying, during a town hall interview with Chris Matthews, that he feels there should be a punishment for women who get abortions. This is how he suggests you enforce a theoretical law that would either ban abortion altogether or punish certain abortions that happen outside of limitations like rape and incest.The backlash to this came swiftly from pro and anti-abortion advocates alike. Despite both sides disavowing it, though, the damage to Republicans has already been done. Now, Republicans other than Trump   ones who bragged hugely about how they would do everything they can to ban abortion in an effort to out-pro-life each other   are being asked a very uncomfortable question while the cameras are rolling;  What kind of punishments would you seek for women who get abortions? Here is the first of two reasons why this might be the worst thing to happen to the Republican party since Trump:.@JohnKasich reacts to Trump s abortion comments:  Of course, women shouldn t be punished  for having an abortion https://t.co/bLyaNPVGoE  MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 30, 2016Remember, John Kasich is the  grown up  in the room and he can t even answer the freakin  question properly.  How would you punish women  is not answered by  there s exceptions for rape,  unless you think literally every pregnancy is caused by rape in America, which I doubt he does. And, admitting you wouldn t punish them is going to political suicide.But wait, it gets even worse.Here is how it will go down. Republican voters finally heard a Republican presidential candidate say they would actually go after women who get abortions with criminal penalties . This is the answer to their prayers   literally. Now the smell of blood is in the air and Republicans will not take no for an answer to the question of  will you punish women who get abortions? Below is the second reason and a perfect example of the sh*tstorm that Trump has started:Trump may have single-handedly taken the entire pro-life movement to a place from where it won t easily be able to recover. Logically speaking, it s difficult to ban a thing without criminal penalties associated with violating the ban. Republican voters want sooooo badly for there to be criminal penalties for women who  murder babies  along with the doctors and whoever else they can blame for it. The logical outcome of this is obvious.In the space of one day being  pro-life  was made uncool for Republicans. Now you need to be  pro-punishment  to satisfy your rabid voter base. Bravo Donald, you just helped Democrats more than you will ever know.Featured image via youtube screen capture Featured image via video screen capture ",0
7172, WATCH: Hillary Exposes The GOP’s Abortion Secret In Under 60 Seconds,"Republicans and religious conservatives made a big show on Wednesday by criticizing current Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump over his comments on abortion. The right treated Trump s declaration that under a regime where abortion is outlawed, women would have to be  punished  as if it were some crazy deviation from what the anti-choice right has been saying for years.In an interview with Business Insider, Secretary Hillary Clinton quickly dispensed with this utterly false notion.https://www.facebook.com/businessinsider/videos/10153507816369071/Clinton, the Democratic presidential frontrunner, said that Trump also revealed what many Republican lawmakers and candidates believe. She cited efforts by GOP governors and state legislatures to curb access to abortion. What s important here is that all the Republicans agree with him. They all want to see women s rights eroded and for abortion to become illegal again,  she said.  That s why so many state Republican governors and legislators are defunding Planned Parenthood and shutting down clinics that not only provide a safe abortion, but HIV testing, cancer screenings, and so much else. Clinton added,  So he tried to walk it back, but I think you have to take him at his word. The official Republican Party Platform, passed at the 2012 Republican National Convention, is very clear on abortion. The text calls for the passage of a so-called  Human Life Amendment  to the Constitution, which would classify every fetus at every stage as a full, human, life. And as a result, any sort of abortion   even for rape or incest   would count as a murder. But not only would doctors be subject to arrest, in this world view a murder could not happen without it being solicited   by the mother.The end result is, that if abortion law is enacted the way the official Republican Party platform calls for it to be, women, and possibly their spouses, would at best be considered part of a criminal conspiracy to commit murder.Usually the media allows Republicans a pass on this, rarely asking what the logical conclusions in the real world would be of an outright ban on abortion. As Secretary Clinton noted, the only mistake Trump made is in saying in front of cameras what conservative Republicans believe and talk about behind closed doors.Featured image via Facebook",0
7173, New Study Shows Why Major Insurers Hate The ACA – It Actually Forces Them To Help Sick People,"Major insurers everywhere have dumped massive cash into lobbying against the ACA. Their corporate-owned Republicans have insisted it would destroy America in any number of strange and unusual ways. Now a new study reveals why they say helping sick people afford to see a doctor is bad for the country.Data has become available for 2014 and 2015 enrollees to Blue Cross and Blue Shield, who were picked up through the Affordable Care Act s health insurance exchanges. It shows that the people who the ACA was specifically created to help are actually going to the doctor and using medical services. Huge shock, right? The entirety of the Republican and corporate establishment s opposition to the ACA resides in a single thing   money. More for them, and none for regular people. If the poor and middle class suffer and die needlessly, that s just their cost of doing business.People who got back into the insurance market, thanks to the ACA, were shown to have a 22 percent higher medical cost than those with employer-based coverage in 2015. The average monthly spending numbers for the new enrollees was $559 in 2015 compared to $457 for group members who had it through an employer. The same new enrollee segment increased from $501 in 2014 to the previously mentioned $559 in 2015.The irony of the situation is that the very corporations who are whining about having to pay the bills of sick people were the primary engineers of their own self-imposed disaster. These are the same corporations that spiked health insurance costs, causing people to be unable to afford it. They are also the same corporations that outright refused to sell people coverage, because of  pre-existing conditions.  Pre-existing conditions that could be literally anything they wanted them to be. After sometimes decades of unmanaged health issues, these new enrollees are consuming services at elevated rates. Insurers basically screwed themselves for short-term profits, and now they have to pay some of it back. Pardon me if I am less than sympathetic towards them.This shows just how desperately needed the ACA is, and how incredibly dishonest health insurers are about their business model. The fact insurance payouts rose as much as they did in as short a time is proof just how many Americans were suffering without need. That is where the darker truth of the health insurance industry comes into plain view. These companies are still wildly profitable. They just want to keep more money for themselves. Simply put, they ve become a caricature of their own greedy reputations.The tragedy of this all is that the same data showing how desperately needed the ACA is, also is being used as misinformation to completely lie to America about how bad it is for the country. The only tidbit being presented is that it is increasing costs to insurance companies, which does mean their premiums might go up. However, the overall increase in premiums is at a slower rate than before Obamacare became law, even with the increased payouts for more consumption of services.Right wingers and unscrupulous insurance companies are taking the very truth about why it is a good law, and perverting it into a lie about how it is bad by purposefully omitting all context until the  truth  is whatever they want it to be. If you add in the fact that initial expenditures are going to be higher until we catch up with decades of a lack of care, you can argue a case that premiums would have actually dropped if all other things were equal, due to massive amounts of new customers spreading out the cost burden.As more new data becomes available, and initial over-consumption tapers off, the last arguments to be made against the law will ultimately boil down to profit over people. If anything will prove how obsolete the American health insurance industry is, and why single-payer is needed, that will be it.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty",0
7174, Women Inform GOP Governor Of Their Reproductive Cycle Status In Protest Of Anti-Abortion Law (VIDEO),"When Republican Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed HB 1337 into law last week, he wasn t expecting women to personally keep him informed about their bodily functions. But that is exactly what is happening since Pence and Republicans made a new law banning abortion based on race or gender, requiring doctors to have admitting privileges at local hospitals, and forces doctors  to provide information about perinatal hospice care to a pregnant woman who is considering an abortion because the unborn child has been diagnosed with a lethal fetal anomaly. In other words, women considering an abortion will be lectured by their doctor after being informed about any lethal fetal anomaly. Once a woman is informed of such an anomaly, she will no longer be able to get an abortion because the new law prohibits abortions in such cases. That means women are going to be forced to carry fetuses with anomalies to term, regardless of viability, which means women could end up giving birth to babies that will suffer and die soon after being born.In response to this latest attack on a woman s right to choose, women are actually calling in to inform Governor Pence of their reproductive cycle status and the phone conversations are comedy gold. I need to get a message to the Governor that I am on day three of my period. My flow seems abnormally heavy, but my cramps are much better to  she tells the person who answered before being interrupted. Ma am, what is it that I can help you with?  the person asks. Oh, I don t need your help, I just wanted to keep Governor Pence informed of my reproductive cycle, since he seems so concerned,  the woman replied.The phone calls are the result of a call-to-action campaign led by a group known as  Periods for Pence,  which seeks to give women a voice in the state since Pence and Republicans didn t really consider what women think before imposing their anti-abortion agenda on all women in Indiana. The more I read this bill, the more vague language I found and the more loopholes, and it just seemed incredibly intrusive,  the creator of the campaign told WRTV.  So I wanted to give a voice for women who really didn t feel like they were given any kind of input into a bill that would affect our life so much. The campaign s Facebook page even generously provided the number to reach the Governor s Office, which is 317-232-4567, for those of you who want to know, and women started calling the number to keep Pence updated on what s going on with their uterus since Pence and the GOP want to know so desperately. And it led to the call above and this one: Good Morning,  a woman said upon reaching the Governor s office.  I just wanted to inform the Governor that things seem to be drying up today. No babies seem to be up in there. Okay? Upon being asked her name, the woman replied that her name is Sue Magina.  That s M-A-G-I-N-A. It rhymes with  she said before being cut off.Here s the video:Yeah, this campaign is perfect and I m sure Governor Pence is super-stoked about receiving constant updates on what s going on with women s reproductive cycles. So women should definitely call him and make sure to provide as many details as possible. After all, he clearly wants to know since he can t stop invading women s privacy to regulate their reproductive health decisions. Featured image via Indiana Talks",0
7175, This Trump Supporter Is Blaming Liberals For His Disgusting Abortion Comments (VIDEO),"Republican front runner Donald Trump has ignited a media sh*tstorm with his recent comments about abortion. On Wednesday, the GOP candidate decided to announce that women seeking abortions should be punished during an interview with MSNBC host Chris Matthews. Although he later tried to furiously backpedal in a pathetic attempt to control the damage and bad press, it was too late. Trump is being blasted left and right, and now his supporters are rallying around him and going nuts trying to defend their misogynistic, sexist idol. Of course, they re more than willing to place the blame on everyone and everything but the business mogul.One of Trump s devout defenders is political commentator Scottie Nell Hughes, who went on CNN on Thursday night to blame liberal media for using abortion as a  trap  to trick The Donald into saying something stupid (not that he needs any help). In an interview with Wolf Blitzer, Hughes claimed that Trump had further clarified his statement about a  punishment  for women who got abortions, but Blitzer was ready to call her out. He reminded her that Trump had completely flip-flopped when he said, No, it was a real reversal. Hughes replied: The one thing we have learned is that the liberal mainstream media that have been anti-Republican and anti-conservatives for so long use the issue of the pro-life/pro-choice abortion issue to trap Republicans, because there s usually no way to win. Making a not-so-subtle jab at Trump s blatantly obvious inexperience as a politician, Blitzer pointed out that Trump should have been prepared to answer questions about abortion. Hughes remained in denial and completely dismissed that valid point, calling Matthews inquiries on abortion  hypothetical gotcha questions. Hughes said that at the end of the day, all that matters is that Trump claims he s pro-life (which is yet another thing he s flip-flopped on over the years). She said, What more do you need to know ?You can watch the interview below: Featured image via Getty Images / Scott Olson",0
7176," Most ACCURATE Political Scientist Just Released This 2016 Election Map, Republicans Will HATE It","University of Virginia professor and political scientist Larry Sabato has just released his map predicting the electoral vote outcome of the 2016 election, and it forecasts a blowout win for the Democratic Party.Based on the likely nominees being Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, Sabato currently forecasts a 347-191 electoral college victory for Clinton. Candidates need a majority of the 538 electoral votes in the United States to win, currently that number is 270.Sabato notes: Election analysts prefer close elections, but there was nothing we could do to make this one close. The predicted map looks very similar to 2012 s electoral map, but with North Carolina flipping from Republican to Democrat. In 2012, Mitt Romney won North Carolina, but just by 2.2%.Sabato also predicts a close race in other states that were previously Republican territory: Arizona, Missouri, Indiana, and Georgia. Notably, President Obama won Indiana in 2008, and the large black population in Georgia has had many thinking it could soon become a swing state.Addressing the storyline that has surfaced in the media, that Trump could appeal to blue-collar voters in some states and flip Democratic votes, Sabato throws cold water on the idea:Trump supporters and some independent analysts assert that his appeal to many blue-collar whites in Rust Belt states (such as Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin) could pull these states  electoral votes into the Republican column. The problem is, there is little evidence that the non-college voters supporting Trump in the primaries are defectors from the Democrats; most have been backing GOP candidates fairly consistently, so the net addition for Trump could be small.Sabato is no random crank or egghead. His  Crystal Ball  forecasts are highly cited and in the past he accurately predicted the results of the 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, and 2012 elections within a few electoral votes or Senate/House races.In 2006 on MSNBC, anchor Lester Holt told Sabato, he  predicted Democrats would pick up the six seats needed to take over the Senate.  It appears they have done just that   you ve got an impressive record and I m going to call you later; we re going to go over stock picks. So when he predicts a big electoral college win for the Democratic Party, Republicans should be very worried.Featured image via Public Domain",0
7177, A MASSIVE Screw Up May Have Just Cost Trump The Nomination – And It’s All His Fault,"The people insisting the only thing standing in the way of Donald Trump s path to the nomination is Donald Trump himself may have finally been vindicated. In an explosive story first broken by TIME, Republican officials in South Carolina floated the idea that Trump may have given away his landslide victory in the state by brashly announcing that he would no longer adhere to the  Loyalty Pledge  if he didn t get the nomination.South Carolina Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore gave credence to the anti-Trump claims. Breaking South Carolina s presidential primary ballot pledge raises some unanswered legal questions that no one person can answer,  he told TIME.  However, a court or national convention Committee on Contests could resolve them. It could put delegates in jeopardy. What does this mean for Trump? The 50 delegates he won in South Carolina could simply walk away   and over to his opponents. That sends his delegate count a lot further away from the crucial 1,237 finish line, and maybe give his opponents the push they need to realistically challenge him at a brokered convention. And adding to the problem: Other states which include the loyalty pledge in their bylaws could also move to strip Trump of his delegates.All of this to say, Trump s massive ego is costing him the election. Having early on floated the idea that he wouldn t support a Republican candidate if it wasn t himself, Trump eventually caved and signed a document stating: I, Donald J. Trump, affirm that if I do not win the 2016 Republican nomination for President of the United States I will endorse the 2016 Republican nominee regardless of who it is. Suddenly, with opposition to his nomination mounting, Trump has returned to saying he will not adhere to that pledge, telling Anderson Cooper matter-of-factly:  No. I don t anymore,  arguing that he s been treated unfairly by the GOP.Trump has repeatedly ignored conventional wisdom and used his gut to direct his campaign   early on, Trump s campaign manager told staffers that the motto of the campaign would be  Let Trump Be Trump    and while it often works to his advantage (who would have thought calling John McCain a loser for being a POW would pay off?), his increasingly erratic behavior makes him a ticking time bomb. Cracks are beginning to emerge. His polls are tanking and there are signs that the  anti-Trump  members of the Republican Party are finally coalescing around his chief rival, Ted Cruz. He may have enough momentum to get the nod, but needlessly handing away delegates isn t doing him any favors.In the end there was only one serious contender against Trump and that was himself. For all of his arrogance, it is fitting that his own misplaced hubris would be the one thing that got the better of him. Having run as an outsider for his entire campaign, Trump is learning that bashing the party you plan to run for isn t welcomed with open arms. They let Trump be Trump and he didn t disappoint.Featured image via Darren Hauck/Getty Images ",0
7178, Ted Nugent Just Posted The Most Racist F*cking Thing You Have Ever Seen (SCREENSHOTS),"If you thought Trump supporters wered bad, wait till you get a load of   oh, wait, Ted Nugent is a Trump supporter. Everyone s favorite draft-dodging, pants-pooping pedophile with a penchant for posting horrifically racist sh*t, NRA board member Ted Nugent, recently outdid himself to such a degree that he performed an action rarely seen on his hate speech-filled Facebook wall   he hit  delete. In a March 31 Facebook post   now scrubbed from the annals of internet history   Nugent said: Before all the braindead dishonest lying scum politically correct racist hatepunks get all goofball toxic on us here, I am simply promoting a brilliant entrepreneur in Detroit that created a clever bussiness. His words, not mine. Ya gotta luv this guy!! When in doubt whip it out! Whom does Nugent love? What sort of thing could get the  hatepunks  (read: reasonable people) riled up?It was probably the fact that Nugent posted a photo of a fake moving company van that frequents white supremacist message boards:While it s obvious why Ted Nugent loves it   it does say  n*gger,  after all   but contrary to assertions made by Nugent and his future hunting buddy in the comments that the vehicle is real, it s not. It s just more garbage that Donald Trump s fans, one-fifth of whom think it was a bad idea to end slavery, can pass around and enjoy as they discuss their plans to lynch black people.Last year, Nugent praised the use of the n-word in a column on World Net Daily titled  Don t be niggardly with language. After the President used the word  n*gger  while speaking about how racism is still an issue in our society, Nugent wrote: Well, there you have it. The Honest Society is a rather large and growing club, clan if you will, that is not afraid of speaking honestly without fear of politically correct word nazi s going berserk. Nugent proclaimed that the use of  n-word  in place of the full thing is the  epitome of political correctness gone mad,  going on to explain that  the word n*gger has historically been used in a powerfully positive way  in some scenarios. He went on to proclaim that society shunning the word  n*gger  does nothing to help the  criminality  of  blacks  in Chicago and  other urban hellzones.  Besides, he says, black people use the word and it is  the very definition of racism  not to let white people spew it as much as they want with no repercussions.Nugent once adopted a 17-year-old girl so that he could have sex with her. This has no relation to anything current, but it seemed like a good note on which to end.Featured image via screengrab ",0
7179," What Mississippi Just Passed Isn’t Only Ridiculously Anti-LGBT, It’s Anti-Premarital Sex","Across the nation, mainly the South, there have been a number of  religious freedom  laws popping up. Now,  religious freedom  is actually code for  freedom to discriminate against gay people  as it once was  freedom to discriminate against black people  not too long ago.The state of Mississippi just passed one of the most discriminatory bills yet, but titled it  Religious Liberty Accommodations Act.  Which, is pretty accurate considering the state is trying to accommodate religious bigots and their discrimination. The bill HB 1523 has yet to be signed by Republican Gov. Phil Bryant, but knowing his  religious liberty  history, he ll undoubtedly put pen to paper.Now, the bill itself is pretty damn blunt in its hatred towards the LGBT community. It states: The Mississippi Legislature finds the following:(a) Leading legal scholars concur that conflicts between same-sex marriage and religious liberty are real and should be addressed through legislation;(b) After the legalization of same-sex marriage, religious adoption and foster care agencies in Massachusetts, Illinois and the District of Columbia were forced to close because of their sincerely held religious beliefs about marriage etc. etc. First of all, who are these asshole  legal scholars  who clearly got their degree at Liberty  University  or somewhere similar.What is pretty damn interesting is the fact that the bill doesn t only attack the rights of the LGBT community, it also goes after heterosexual couples who aren t married yet. It stipulates that sex should only be between a man and a woman after marriage. The sincerely held religious beliefs or moral convictions protected by this act are the belief or conviction that:(a) Marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman;(b) Sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage; and(c) Male (man) or female (woman) refer to an individual s immutable biological sex as objectively determined by anatomy and genetics at time of birth. Yikes! There goes any and all premarital sex. I wonder how heterosexual people will feel with government entering into their bedrooms. So much for being anti-big government. This pretty much takes the cake on an infringement of personal rights all across the board. Not only does is purposefully discriminate against the LGBT community by taking away equal access, it also infringes upon the freedom of straight people to have sex before marriage.Last time I checked, the Bible isn t the Constitution, but hey .  religious freedom  amiright?!Featured Photo by M. McKeown/Express/Getty Images",0
7180, The Math Behind Why Trump Will NEVER Be President,"I m often told that Trump can beat Hillary, and therefore she shouldn t be the nominee. It s a good argument;  electability  and all that, but it s not true. Even slightly. In fact, never mind Hillary, we could nominate a potted plant on the left and Trump would STILL lose.How can I be so sure? Easy: Trump has to win 70% of the white male vote to become president.Good fucking luck with that.I know what you re thinking: Trump appeals directly to white resentment, how could he not have the angry white male vote totally locked up? Honestly, he probably does. This is something that, as a white male myself, I find incredibly annoying. That more than half of all white males would support such a piece of trash is embarrassing to say the least. But more than half is not the same as 70%.No one gets 70% of the white male vote. No. One.That s a larger percentage than Republicans have ever won before   more than the GOP won in the landslide victories of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, and far more than they won during the racially polarized elections of Barack Obama.Of course, the argument often made by Trump s followers is that he will win in November because he will bring so many disengaged Americans to the polls. But they re talking about disengaged white voters, mostly mostly men   and unfortunately for him, the turnout rate for white men is already relatively high. Got that? Even when White America went completely insane at the idea of a black president, they STILL couldn t muster more than the 63% Reagan and Poppy Bush took in 1980 and 1988 or the 62% Dubya got in 2004. More importantly, as the country gets less lily white, even that 60%+ is losing its punch:By 2004, however, winning 62 percent of white men barely got George W. Bush past John Kerry in a squeaker. And eight years later, Romney won 62 percent of white men and lost to Barack Obama by 3.5 million votes.So what happened? Between Reagan and Romney, the white male share of the total vote had dropped from 45 percent to 35 percent.Ironically, the very thing Trump is harnessing to propel his campaign, white resentment at the waning of white supremacy, is what will ensure he can never win. It s such a thing a beauty that I want to redefine marriage again so I can walk it down the aisle.If you want a full breakdown of why Trump needs 70% of white men and how women, Latinos and black voters spell his doom, take a look at Politico s excellent analysis.Featured image via AI archives ",0
7181, WATCH: Cartoon Trump Has Something To Say About His Behavior And You Need To Hear It,"Donald Trump isn t the guy you would think would be the Republican frontrunner  for the presidential nomination, because Republicans are typically more slick about wanting to implement backwards and draconian policies. Trump, however, has taken GOP voters by storm with his calls for violence, his chauvinistic stances on women, and his blunt racist rhetoric against Muslims and Mexicans.Yet, somehow, Trump always finds a way of justifying his policies to the satisfaction of his vast support among a segment of America that has found its hero. That was all on display as cartoon Trump made on appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to justify his latest shenanigans. Colbert began the segment with  Speaking of stupid and  Mad Men,    Donald Trump,  and then the funny man unleashed his humorous fury on the Republican golden boy.Among Trump s wacky moments of the week was his exchange with Anderson Cooper when Cooper said Trump was acting like a five-year-old child in response to Trump saying that Ted Cruz started the wife bashing contest.  Every parent has heard a kid say that about another kid,  Cooper said, as Trump clearly looked embarrassed. Yet cartoon Trump found a way yo defend himself.Then there was his defense of Corey Lewandowski s alleged assault on a female reporter.  She had a pen,  Donald said.  It could have been a bomb. The segment is brilliant because it highlights the absurdity of Trump, perhaps with the hope that voters can see the insanity and danger of voting for this person.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96Ivji-ph4A] Featured image via video screenshot. ",0
7182, Trump’s Spokeswoman FLIPS OUT On CNN: ‘It Was A Complete Misspeak!’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump ignited a firestorm on Wednesday when he told MSNBC s Chris Matthew s that abortion should be banned and women should be punished for having them. When he realized that people were flipping their lids, he backtracked and said he meant doctors should be punished. Now his campaign spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson, is adding to the controversy after she yelled at CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota Thursday morning for repeating Trump s words   verbatim.During the interview, Pierson became visibly angry when Camerota asked her about Trump wanting to ban abortions. She told the host that her boss  never called for a ban on abortion.  Actually, he did. Several times during his interview with MSNBC, and Camerota pointed that out by repeating his exact words: He said,  I would ban it.  Katrina, You are mincing words here. Pierson responded: This is a misspeak, Alisyn. No Alisyn, there was a misspeak here, and you have a presidential candidate that clarified the record. Not once, but twice. Although he did  clarify  his abortion position, his clarification was just as,  confusing. First, he said it should be up to the state. Then he said At this point Pierson completely lost it, cutting the host off, she shouted: No, they weren t confusing! Because the first thing was about a ban. That s correct and that s correct, it should be down to the states because that s what the potential ban was talking about. Unfazed by her anger, the CNN host continued to repeat Trump s words back to her, demolishing her  it was about the states  talking point. She also muses that it is a  window  into Trump s mind and asks the spokeswoman if he has even bothered to sit down with policy advisors and discuss this issue. After about a minute of back and forth with the CNN host refusing to let Pierson glass over the fact that he said women should be punished if they terminate a pregnancy, the Trump puppet repeated: It was a misspeak! How many times do I have to say that? This was a complete misspeak during a conversation over a hypothetical concept and there was a clarification issue. Here s the problem with this  it was a misspeak  nonsense: Trump has obviously never considered the ramifications of his  pro-life  stance and Matthews shone a glaring light on that. The entire point of the question was to see whether or not the blustering  tough guy  had actually sat down and laid out a concrete agenda on the issue of women s rights, his response showed that he clearly has not. Furthermore, Trump and his people can say that he isFurthermore, Trump and his people can say that he is pro-life all they want, but nobody actually believes that. He did not just change his mind this year, he has always been pro-choice, but he isn t saying that because he wants to appease the right-wing s base. It s actually pretty ironic, someone who puts on this big show of not caring what other people think and refusing  to be politically correct  is too afraid to stand up for his own beliefs. And if he can t do that for himself, what makes Republicans think he could do it for the country?Watch the interview below: Featured image via video screenshot",0
7183, This Girl’s Hilarious Reaction While Watching Trump At His Town Hall Is ALL OF US (VIDEO),"For the last nine or so months, we ve all had to witness Donald Trump try to foray himself into our lives as a possible contender for Commander-in-Chief. He s pretty much on every news cycle 24/7, and there s absolutely no escaping. If you don t watch television, he will be on the internet. If you don t go on the internet, he will be in your newspaper. If you don t read the newspaper, you re probably a Trump supporter.Well, during Trump s most recent town hall appearance on MSNBC with Chris Matthews, Trump said his most Trumpian things, and we all watched and listened in horror as he said women should be punished for getting an abortion.However, it was during one moment, probably around the time you started to tune him out and stare at your phone, that Trump was asked a question by Matthews and the girl sitting visibly in the camera shot just couldn t hold her straight face any longer.She, in essence, is all of us:You can t really tell if she s going to laugh or cry, but she s definitely sitting there in utter disbelief. It is, most certainly, how we all feel every day regarding the likes of Donald Trump.Kudos, to you, young lady. We do not know your name, but you are a hero. Thank you!Featured image via video screen capture",0
7184, WATCH Elizabeth Warren Hilariously Mock ‘Loser’ Trump on Colbert Show,"Donald Trump thinks he s qualified to be president of the United States primarily based on what he always touts as his business acumen, continuously propagating the idea that he s a good deal maker and a great negotiator, traits that he and his blind followers believe make him qualified to be the most powerful person on the planet. Not so says Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, who appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to point out that Trump is not only a bad business man but a  loser  business man. The always passionate Warren said: You inherit that kind of fortune from your father.   Do you know what some of the analysts say? If all the money he d inherited from his dad, he d just put it into index funds, he d be just about as rich as he is today. In other words, he wasn t out there doing these fabulous deals. He started out rich, he cheated his way to getting richer. That is not going to build an America for hard-working people. Warren makes excellent points. According to analysts, if Trump, who is the ideal trust fund baby just left his inherited wealth alone in index funds, he would be worth the same today. Thus, his supposed dealings and negotiating skills are all a bunch of bulls**t in an attempt to present himself as qualified to be president.The hope is that people can see  through the buls**t come November to ensure that this nutjob, who is the likely nominee for the nuttier Republican party never gets to the Oval Office.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7rWXURt6PI] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7185, Trump Says One ‘Exception’ To Muslim Ban Is His ‘Very Rich’ Middle Eastern Business Partners,"Donald Trump s trainwreck interview with Chris Matthews wasn t just notable for his abhorrent views on abortion, but also because he took the time to remind people that he hasn t stopped being a horrible racist, too.In a window into what a Trump presidency might realistically look like, Trump told Matthews that he wasn t above playing favorites for his friends when he imposed his ban on Muslims entering the United States. While the majority of Muslims would be blocked regardless of circumstance, his  very rich Muslim friends  (i.e. the ones he has business deals with) can get a pass. He trusts them   because they make him money. I have actually believe it or not, I have a lot of friends that are Muslim and they call me,  Trump said, when asked about his plan by MSNBC s Chris Matthews, the event s moderator.  In most cases, they re very rich Muslims, OK? Matthews then asked Trump if his rich Muslim friends would be able enter the country under Trump s Muslim ban.  They ll come in,  Trump said.  You ll have exceptions. Trump has often brought up his  Muslim friends  who he routinely claims call him non-stop to tell him what a great job he s doing at being xenophobic towards Muslims. It might be tempting to claim that these Muslims are fictions of his imagination, a cheap talking point to justify his reprehensible plans for very real Muslims. However, it appears he really does have a few Muslim friends, but not exactly salt-of-the-earth types. He means autocrats in Middle Eastern nations. As the Daily Beast wrote about in late 2015:There s one type of Muslim Trump really loves: The ones that make him big bucks. You see, if a Muslim can show Trump the money, then all those concerns he has with Muslims go right out the window of his private jet as he jets off to the Gulf to cash in.For example, Trump loves Hussain Sajwani, head of the Dubai luxury real estate company Damac Properties. Trump has called the Muslim Sajwani a  good friend  and a  great man,  among other accolades. And in May 2014, The Donald even flew off to Dubai to spend time with his Muslim friend as they announced the massive real estate project they were teaming up to create in the United Arab Emirates.Trump, of course, has no qualms with working with Muslims if they can make his bank account grow. Suddenly, the people whose faith he thinks is hellbent on destroying America, aren t so bad. This duality makes his bigotry that much worse   he s really not that committed to it. Like any good hate-monger, Trump scapegoats Muslims to rile up his deeply anti-Muslim base. It s led to vicious hate crimes against innocent Muslim Americans, including assaults and arson. It s also led to Trump s surge in the polls. But underlying the smears and falsehoods, is a calculated stab at winning an election via exploitation of fear and hate.So of course he would let his  very rich Muslim friends  in. His Islamophobia isn t personal. It s business.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
7186, Planned Parenthood Slams Republicans For Pretending To Be Shocked By Trump’s Abortion Stance,"When the story broke on Wednesday about Donald Trump saying women should be punished for getting an abortion, I was, honestly, confused by the outrage. People were talking like no one has ever been so far off the deep end. As if punishing women for having an abortion wasn t a central pillar of Republican ideology. All I could think was,  But that s what Republicans have been trying to do for years! Why are people shocked? Apparently, I m not the only person to have noticed that:Planned Parenthood Executive Vice President Dawn Laguens said presidential candidate Donald Trump had exposed the real views of many Republicans. A plan to punish women who seek abortion in this country is not news, it s actually the Republican Party platform  they re horrified to have been outed for what they do every day, which is punish women who seek abortions. To back laws that tell doctors they must lie to women, to work to shut down clinics, to ban certain procedures that doctors say are important for women s safety and health,  she said Thursday morning during an appearance on CNN.  I mean, all of these things. That s what their agenda is day in and day out. They do punish women. Yeah, pretty much. But it s worse than that. Republicans have proposed laws that would make it legal to kill abortion providers. They ve criminalized pregnancy in several states which has resulting in a growing trend of women being arrested for miscarrying. The idea of punishing women is not at all a new idea for Republicans. Laguens is exactly right when she says the problem other Republicans have is that Trump is saying it out loud.This has been the main objection to Trump from the GOP the entire time. He s not sophisticated enough to use dog whistles or anything resembling subtlety. He just says what Republicans actually think and want without the veil of respectability they ve built. While it excites a base that s tired of being unable to wear their racism on their sleeve (or their pointy white hood), it s made moderate Republicans and Independents recoil in disgust.As long as Trump continues to expose the core of Republican ideology to the world, he s an enormous threat to their agenda and he s primed to not just lose in November, but lose BIG.Keep up the good work, Donald!Featured image via Getty",0
7187, Historian BURIES Every Excuse Senate Republicans Have Used To Block Obama’s SCOTUS Nominee,"Senate Republicans were just taken to the woodshed by a historian for their unprecedented obstruction of President Obama s Supreme Court nominee.Ever since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, Republicans have used every excuse they can think of to justify their refusal to even consider anyone President Obama picks to fill the vacancy.And in response to an op-ed written by GOP Senator Orrin Hatch in which he lists several of those excuses, a historian fired back with an op-ed of his own completely burying each and every one of them.When Hatch suggested the rules are different when replacing one of  the greatest jurists in our nation s history,  Wofford College Professor Mark S. Byrnes replied,  it does not matter who the president is replacing. All openings on the Court are created equal. And frankly, Scalia was one of the worst Supreme Court Justices this country has ever had the misfortune to witness. He was easily swayed in his decisions by gifts from those who wanted him to rule a certain way and many of his dissents are nothing more than glorified temper tantrums that had little to do with constitutional interpretation and more to do with failing to force another aspect of the right-wing agenda down our throats.Byrnes then scorched Hatch for accusing President Obama of disagreeing with Scalia s philosophy and reminded him that,  When the electorate once again decisively elected Obama as president in 2012, it did not include an asterisk that said he could only replace justices with whom he agreed. Indeed, if that were the case we wouldn t have Clarence Thomas on the bench because former President George H. W. Bush would have had to nominate someone with a liberal philosophy similar to Justice Thurgood Marshall, whom Thomas replaced, to the high court.Hatch also complained about President Obama opposing two nominees of former President George W. Bush as a senator and claimed Obama has repeatedly exceeded constitutional authority. Byrnes slapped those two excuses down by noting that at least Bush s nominees received a vote and that if Republicans really believed Obama has done something wrong they would have drawn up articles of impeachment by now.Hatch also pointed out that Americans chose a Democratic president and a Republican Senate, but that was easily countered as well as Byrnes noted that Obama nominated centrist Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.  He did not chose someone who was a darling of the Democratic left, but someone who has (in the past) been repeatedly praised by Republicans, including Hatch himself,  Byrnes noted.Byrnes then lambasted Hatch for getting American history wrong.Hatch claimed in his op-ed that,  Throughout its history, the Senate has never confirmed a nominee to fill a Supreme Court vacancy that occurred this late in a term-limited president s time in office. And Bynes really handed Hatch his ass on this claim.As a history teacher, I am used to the instinct unprepared undergraduates have to bolster a poor argument with the  throughout history  trick. I expect better of United States Senators.Hatch shows his contempt for his readers with this tortured construction. To make his  throughout its history  line work, Hatch needs to make that history awfully short. He does that with the phrase  term-limited.  The 22nd Amendment, which imposes term limits on presidents, has only been in effect for 65 years. So this particular  throughout its history  means for 65 years less than Hatch s own life span.Bynres goes on to note that  there has only been one other vacancy during that period that was  this late  in a president s term: LBJ s nomination of Abe Fortas in 1968. Yes, Fortas was not confirmed as Chief Justice. That nomination received a hearing, however, and a vote. It was not met with this disingenuous nonsense that  we never do this.  And as Hatch well knows, 1968 was one of the most contentious elections years in American history. Somehow, the Senate still did its job.Byrnes also blasted Hatch for using how nasty the current election has been as an excuse to not do his job because only Republicans have made the election nasty thus far. And when Hatch claimed that both parties have politicized the confirmation process, Byrnes observed that only Republicans are escalating the politicization to an unprecedented height this time around.In his conclusion, Byrnes urged Republicans to stop acting like  cowards  and stop pretending that their obstruction is about something more than just trying to keep the Supreme Court conservative.If Hatch and his fellow Republicans want to vote against Judge Garland, they have every right to do so. But they should stop being cowards. They should make a substantive argument against him. vote against him, and accept the political consequences of that vote. They should stop pretending that this reckless path they have chosen is anything but a desperate attempt to hold onto a Supreme Court majority.Seriously, Senate Republicans need to stop with the excuses and do their job. They have thrown their little temper tantrum and they have lost the argument repeatedly. Every excuse they have offered has literally been destroyed by facts and historical evidence. They need to get over it and get the Court back to full capacity or the American people will have another real excuse to boot them out of office in November.Featured image: Cagle",0
7188, Ted Cruz Makes A Stunning Confession To Jimmy Kimmel (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz has made a staggering confession during an appearance on the Jimmy Kimmel show, which confirms just how deep the hatred between Cruz and rival GOP primary candidate Donald Trump has become. In a new low for the Republican race, Cruz confessed he d quite like to run Trump over with his car.On Wednesday night s show, Kemmel asked Cruz: Donald Trump  is he the person you dislike the most, of anyone in America? The Texas senator and nearest GOP rival to Donald Trump first adopted a folksy tone in response, saying: Oh, no, But then Kimmel pushed him with a marginally tougher question: Who do you like better,  he asked,  Obama or Trump? This sent the audience into fits of laughter while Cruz took a long pause, seemingly struggling with his answer, finally answering somewhat less than diplomatically: I dislike Obama s policies more. As Kimmel nodded and reassured the Republican with an  I see,  Cruz added: But Donald   Donald is a unique individual, If I were in my car and getting ready to reverse, and saw Donald in the backup camera   I m not confident which pedal I d push. Just pause and let that sink in for a moment. The two favorite Republican candidates for President of the United States, have now reduced their campaigns to sl*tshaming each others wives, and fantasies about doing each other physical damage.Between Cruz and Trump, there is almost zero breathing space in the Republican race to ventilate the real issues facing America over the next decade; issues that aren t going to magically vanish if one of them somehow manages to secure the Presidency. So we face the very real potential of heading into a Presidential election with a Republican candidate (either Cruz OR Trump) who would rather devote campaign time to frat bro level antics, than statesmanship. Just when we thought the GOP primary could sink any lower, it did. Featured image via screencapture",0
7189, Bernie Sanders Just Received Some Excellent News About His Campaign,"Bernie Sanders and his supporters just received some excellent news concerning the mix up that might have prevented his name from being on the ballot in Washington, D.C.Anita Bonds, chairwoman of the Washington, D.C. Democratic Party told CNN that  Bernie will be on the ballot. Sanders  supporters were dismayed to hear that the Democratic presidential candidate might not be on the ballot. On Wednesday, NBC4 Washington reported that D.C. Democrats had failed to send Sanders  campaign information to the D.C. Board of Elections until one day after the registration was due.Headlines proclaiming that Sanders may not be on the ballot in the upcoming D.C. primary election may have given some of Sanders  supporters heart attacks. However, Sanders campaign did not seem to be concerned about the possibility of his name not being on the ballot come June 14, the day of D.C s primary election. We did what the D.C. law requires in order to get Bernie on the ballot and we are confident he will be on the ballot,  a spokesman with the Sanders campaign said.Sanders campaign had already paid $2500 in registration fees and gave his registration filings to the D.C. Democratic Party earlier this month.It turns out that the Board of Elections closes before the deadline. So it is common to turn in the registration filings the day after the deadline. This has been kind of a tradition in the District of Columbia, that the party would notify the board the following day,  Bonds told CNN.What s unusual about the potentially campaign dooming mix-up, is that Sanders was actually challenged on the matter. The challenge to Sanders  campaign came from a voter who lives in D.C. Neither Hillary Clinton nor Rocky De La Fuente, who had also paid their registration fees on time, were challenged.Bonds is working to rectify the current situation. In addition to her position as the chairperson of the D.C Democratic Party, she also serves on the city council. She plans to change the city s rules to include a 24-hour grace period after the registration deadline. That means Sanders is safe.While I am glad that everything has turned out okay, this time, I have to say that it might be time for D.C. Democratic Party to find a new  tradition  concerning turning in campaign registration filings.Featured image: (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images)",0
7190, Bernie Sanders Sums Up The Disastrous GOP Presidential Race In One Brutal Sentence (VIDEO),"Democratic Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders appeared on MSNBC s The Rachel Maddow Show this week and summed up the entire disastrous GOP race for President in one glorious sentence:  the Republican Party today now is a joke, maintained by a media which really does not force them to discuss their issues. In a show that aired on Wednesday night, Maddow invited Sanders to comment on Trump s comments to fellow MSNBC host Chris Matthews that there  should be some kind of punishment  for women who have abortions. Sanders recoiled at the comments, stating unequivocally: Shameful is understating that position. First of all, to me, and most Americans, women have the right to control their own bodies. But to punish a woman, for having an abortion, is beyond comprehension. One would have to say: what is on Donald Trump s mind? I don t know what world this person lives in. The interview continues with Sanders crushing each pillar of the Republican race, one after another. Until finally, Maddow asks Sanders how he feels about the GOP seeming to split, with the potential for the convention to refuse to endorse the winner of the Primaries. It s worth seeing Sander s full reply, which absolutely nails the crisis at the heart of the GOP and conservative media today: Well, uh, first of all, I don t necessarily take at value   face value what they say.  I think at the end of the day, they probably will come together.But the other point, I think the more   the deeper point, Rachel, is the Republican Party today has moved very, very far to the right.  Uh, they are way out of touch with where the American people are.And I think if we had a media in this country that was really prepared to look at what the Republicans actually stood for rather than quoting every absurd remark of Donald Trump, talking about Republican Party, talking about hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks for the top two tenths of 1 percent, cuts to Social Security and Medicare, Medicaid, a party which with few exceptions, doesn t even acknowledge the reality of climate change, let alone do anything about it, a party which is not prepared to stand with women in the fight for pay equity, a party that is not prepared to do anything about a broken criminal justice system or a corrupt campaign finance system, I think, to be honest with you   and I just don t, you know, say this rhetorically, this is a fringe party.  It is a fringe party.  Maybe they get 5, 10 percent of the vote.What you really need in this country is a progressive party standing with the working class and the middle class of this country.  And yes, a conservative party that, you know, has, you know, is more fiscally conservative.  That is where we should be as a country.But the Republican Party today now is a joke, maintained by a media which really does not force them to discuss their issues.So that   that s my two cents on that. The Republican Party is in crisis. It s candidates have pulled so far to the right that even Ann Coulter is having a wobble, and it s hard to see how they could possibly gain the support of the wider American public in time for Election 2016.While the candidates  daily horrifying comments might be making lots of front page news, they would be foolish to expect this press attention to turn into votes   at least, not for them. There is such a thing as bad press. The revulsion by the majority of common sense Americans at the GOP parade of bigotry, sexism and theocratic zealotry could well crush the party come voting day   and the party will be left in tatters. It s grassroots to the right of Ghengis Khan, while the nation is moving far enough in a progressive direction that a democratic socialist like Bernie Sanders is able to maintain a solid campaign. Something has to give, and as yet the GOP has no answer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vQP7Hy42z8Featured image via screencapture ",0
7191, This Would Cause The Death Of Millions But Trump Says He Might Do It As President (VIDEO),"The explosion of a nuclear missile in the heart of heavily populated Europe would be an unprecedented act that would kill hundreds of thousands   perhaps millions   of people. Donald Trump told MSNBC s Chris Matthews that he would refuse the suggestion that he take such a horrible idea off the table.The exchange occurred during a televised  town hall  interview between the current Republican frontrunner and the MSNBC host.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCj0B7HhEFsWhen host Chris Matthews asked if the real estate mogul could definitively say he wouldn t use nuclear weapons, he responded:  I would never say that. I would never take any of my cards off the table. Matthews pressed him, asking if he would consider using nuclear weapons in Europe. No, I don t think so,  Trump said, but he again said he wouldn t definitively write off the option.In a New York Times interview published over the weekend, Trump stressed the importance of unpredictability in his foreign policy. He told Matthews Wednesday that  you d be a bad negotiator  for taking any strategy off the table.Trump s comments ironically echo the sentiments of 1964 Republican presidential nominee Barry Goldwater, who is considered the first person in the mold of a modern conservative to be a major party nominee in America.In an interview, Goldwater said he would consider the use of low-yield atomic bombs in North Vietnam, in order to defoliate forests, and to destroy bridges and railroad lines leading to China. The policy was so extreme and out there, that it became the basis of what is one of the most famous political ads ever,  Daisy,  released by Lyndon Johnson s campaign. The ad contrasted Goldwater s casual support of atomic war versus the policies of the Johnson administration.The ad only aired once. Johnson went on to one of the largest electoral victories in U.S. history. He won 61% of the popular vote and 486 electoral votes to Johnson s 52 (his home state of Arizona and the 5 states in the pro-segregation south).Featured image via Wikimedia Commons/Flickr",0
7192, Hillary EVISCERATES Trump’s Abortion Comments In Absolutely PERFECT Tweet Storm,"Donald Trump is an absolutely despicable human being, and, believe it or not, he just sunk even lower. Trump, while talking in a Town Hall on MSNBC, has indicated that he wants to ban abortion outright   and punish women who seek them to boot. Well, anyone with a shred of decency knows that punishing women for seeking reproductive healthcare is absolutely deplorable, and Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton took to Twitter to say just what we are all thinking about Trump s horrible anti-woman rhetoric.First, she reminded us that this man could become president, and how dangerous that prospect is:Just when you thought it couldn't get worse. Horrific and telling. -H https://t.co/Qi8TutsOw9  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016We can t let someone with this much contempt for women s rights anywhere near the White House.https://t.co/OjU9gRwsxo  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016After that, she reminded us not to believe Trump when he inevitably tries walking these comments back:Maya Angelou said: ""When people show you who they are, believe them."" Trump can try to walk back his words, but we heard him loud and clear.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016Then, Clinton went on to point out the dangerous absurdity of punishing women for abortion and making them criminals:Even by his impossibly low standards, @realDonaldTrump's suggestion that women be punished for seeking abortion is abhorrent.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016Remember: If you make abortion a crime, you make women who seek abortions criminals. You put one in three women at risk.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016Hillary then reminded us that Trump isn t the only Republican who thinks this way, he s just the only one who has said it outright:The fact is, Trump isn't that different from every other Republican candidate who would also outlaw abortion.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016We were then reminded that many women   specifically women in financial straits and minority women   are already being punished with lack of access to reproductive healthcare:Women, especially low-income women and women of color, are already being punished by GOP-led efforts to stigmatize and restrict health care.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016Every woman regardless of income or zip code deserves access to health care. If you don't get that, you have no business being president.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016And lastly, but also most importantly, Hillary Clinton reminded us what we must do to stop Trump: VOTE:At this point, Donald Trump has insulted the vast majority of Americans. The good news is, there's something we can all do about it: Vote.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 30, 2016Hillary Clinton is spot on with this. Trump, and the entire GOP, are downright dangerous to women everywhere. The only way to stop this madness is to VOTE BLUE, no matter what, in November.Featured image via Instagram",0
7193, Israeli Minister Calls For ‘Civil Targeted Killing’ Of Human Rights Activists Leading Boycott Of Israel (VIDEO),"In Israel, dehumanizing Palestinians and calling for their destruction has become the norm. Only a few days after Chief Israeli Sephardi Rabbi Yitzhak Yosef said that non-Jews should not live in Israel unless they  serve Jews, another influential Israeli racist has come out publicly, in this case to incite against Palestinians and their supporters. Transportation minister Israel Katz called for the  civil targeted killing of non-violent civil rights leaders who call for the boycott, divestment, and sanctioning of Israel until it conforms to international law.Here is what author Richard Silverstein had to say about Katz s statement, made in Hebrew: The phrase he used (sikul ezrahi memukad) derives from the euphemistic Hebrew phrase for the targeted killing of a terrorist (the literal meaning is  targeted thwarting ).  But the added word  civil  makes it something different. Katz is saying that we won t physically murder BDS opponents, but we will do everything short of that. One may rightly ask what business a transportation minister has conducting targeted killings, physical or otherwise, against anyone.  Though everything in Israel is in service to the national security state, has transportation fallen under that bailiwick as well? We are entering dangerous territory when an Israeli cabinet minister engages in wordplay that verges on putting a bull s-eye on the backs of non-violent activists.  If there are Israel apologists out there who dismiss the significance of such rhetoric they are sadly mistaken.  In this torrid political environment in which Israeli leftists have become criminals and wounded Palestinian youth may be summarily executed in the street,  it is only too easy to forsee Palestinian activists like Barghouti (BDS leader) having a bounty on their heads. In addition, BDS activists this psychopath is inciting against are not just Palestinian: They are from all over the world, including the United States. In fact, American activists are at the forefront of the BDS movement. Moreover, we want to keep in mind the life and death power Israel has over the Palestinian people. It has become the norm not only to incite against Palestinians but to kill them in cold blood. Only a few days ago, an injured Palestinian who was incapacitated and lying on the ground was murdered by an Israeli soldier (you can watch the video below). Many Israelis consider the soldier a hero and are calling for his release.Israel s life and death stranglehold over millions of Palestinians makes statements like Katz s even more dangerous because many Israeli Jews do not see Palestinians as humans. After all, Israelis were lounging in chairs on hilltops and cheering as thousands of civilians were being killed in Gaza in the summer of 2014. Israeli politicians have a long history of frightening language against Palestinians. Whether it is Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked s reference to Palestinian children as snakes, or Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s continuous incitement, Katz s statement is just the latest round of Israeli politicians tripping over each other to dehumanize Palestinians.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-Bl9zAM5A4] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7194, Joe Biden Unleashes On Donald Trump: He ‘Just Makes Me Sad’,"Republican front runner Donald Trump makes himself easy to hate. If he doesn t turn people off with his lack of policies, inexperience and complete lack of knowledge about how the world works, he ll steer Americans away with his racism, bigotry, misogyny and vulgar rhetoric. Most of the Republican party wants nothing to do with him, and Trump has been repeatedly called out by Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Even President Barack Obama can t help but speak against the candidate. Now, Vice President Joe Biden has joined the conversation, stating that listening to Trump makes him  sad. In an interview published on Wednesday, Billboard asked Biden how he felt about Trump by posing the question, Do you ever hear Donald Trump speak and think,  Boy, I would love to debate that guy ? Biden replied: When I listen to some of the stuff Donald Trump says it just makes me sad. It s never, never been wise to try and appeal to the darker side of human nature. Abraham Lincoln was right   it s about appealing to our better angels. That s who Americans are and that s what they want. Billboard s interview with the Vice President was focused around his legacy of ending violence against women and sexual assaults on school campuses around the country. Biden, who (along with Obama) has been heavily involved in initiatives to bring awareness around this cause (such as the launch of the It s On Us campaign in 2014), and said he found it disconcerting to see Trump encouraging his supporters to be aggressive. Of Trump s habit of egging violent behavior on, Biden said: It not only undermines the work that President Obama and I have done   it undermines the work a majority of Republicans and Democrats have done. It is the antithesis of everything this country is about. Biden s remarks on violence against women couldn t be better timed, as Trump s supporters have just made headlines for groping and pepper spraying a 15-year-old girl at a rally in Wisconsin. Trump s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was also arrested yesterday for physically assaulting a female reporter. They re obviously learning from the best   Trump has made endless misogynistic attacks on women, and basically every minority in America.Biden has made his disapproval of Donald Trump known many times before. Last month, during an official visit to Mexico, Biden said that he almost felt  obliged to apologize for Trump s anti-immigrant rhetoric, in which the front runner called immigrants rapists and drug dealers. At the American Israel Public Affairs Committee s policy conference earlier this month, Biden also took on Trump s anti-Israel comments and slammed the business mogul for targeting religious groups and minorities. He said: It is incumbent on all of us to stand up to those who would peddle in pernicious stereotypes, who seek to scare and divide us. The future belongs to the bridge builders, not the wall builders. Featured image via Getty Images / Drew Angerer",0
7195, Missouri Republican Laughed At For Saying He’s A Reproductive Expert Because He Was An Embryo,"One of the most embarrassing moments in politics this week happened in Missouri.During a debate in the Missouri House Committee on Children and Families, GOP state Rep. Mike Moon declared that since he was once an embryo that means he is a qualified reproductive health expert who knows what he is talking about when it comes to abortion and whether or not an embryo is a person.And yes, people laughed at him.The hearing was about House Joint Resolution 98, which would ban abortion in the state by enshrining the right to life of  unborn human children at every stage of biological development  in the Missouri Constitution.According to the Columbia Missourian, Moon  opened the hearing by showing a video of an unborn fetus on a display monitor. The fetus was developed enough to make out undeniably human characteristics, such as hands and a face. A precious sight, I think most of us would agree,  Moon declared.  The more you look at that, the more you have to realize that that is a human being. Moon went on to compare abortion to slavery before making more of an ass of himself by concluding,  As a former embryo myself, I would like protection for all embryos.  After the laughter died down, a real health expert testified against the resolution.St, Louis physician Ed Weisbart said there is no scientific consensus for when life begins and that women should have the final choice to end their pregnancy or not.Meanwhile, the United States Constitution, which supersedes state law, says plainly in the 14th Amendment that only  all persons born  are granted citizenship under the jurisdiction of the United States.In other words, the Constitution does not consider unborn fetuses as persons under the law.Plus, banning abortion would take away the fundamental rights of due process and equal protection from women, which is unconstitutional.Not only would the Supreme Court be duty-bound to overturn HJR 98, it would cost Missouri taxpayers millions of dollars to fund a losing cause.And if Missouri conservatives really want to continue to argue, they should consider that even their Bible does not consider fetuses to be persons.Also, being an embryo at one time does not make anyone an expert on reproductive issues. It s like saying you re an expert pastry chef because you once made mud pies as a child. That just doesn t fly.The bottom line is that women should have the choice and Republicans need to back off and stop trying to force their religious beliefs down their throats, especially when those beliefs contradict what their Bibles actually say. But the Bible shouldn t matter anyway because the Constitution has already clearly defined personhood and it starts at birth.Featured Image: Imgur",0
7196, Republican Governor Refuses Medicaid Expansion: ‘People Still Die If They Have Insurance’,"Is it utter contempt, or incredible stupidity? Actually, it s probably both. Republicans are well known for their utter contempt of every other person that exists who doesn t give them tons of money. The latest example of this phenomenon is just impossibly stupid as you will read below.Idaho s Republican governor, Butch Otter, said something so stupid that I think it means he s too stupid to be able to understand just how ridiculous it sounds. The statement came in response to the Republican-controlled state legislature not being able to figure out if it s a good idea to expand Medicaid. It would help 78,000 Idahoans to not be forced to make the choice between medical bill-induced bankruptcy or death. Somehow this is a difficult choice.Governor Otter, re-asserting his dominant position as the alpha-stupid person of the state s right-wing clown show, said this: I see plenty of people that die every day in hospitals and they have insurance. And they re in the hospital. But they still die. Source: Boise State Public RadioOtter then went on to contradict his own Republican Speaker of the State House. The governor said that there would be no special legislative sessions to address the severe coverage gap for the people of Idaho, implying that he doesn t feel its worth considering. The speaker, though, had promised there was a  firm commitment  by the Idaho House to do something about the severe lack of medical coverage for so many in the state. So, which is it going to be?Conflicting statements aside, what the governor said was just amazingly stupid. He literally is saying that it s pointless to help people afford to see a doctor because of the fact that some people who have seen a doctor at some point still die.Just what the hell can you possibly say to something like this?This is one of the reasons we can t get anything done in this country. Republicans make it completely impossible to have any form of factual conversation about anything because they adopt a position completely devoid of all logic. You can t argue with stupid.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7197, Trump Horrifically Declares Getting An Abortion Should Carry ‘Some Form Of Punishment’,"It s alarming that so many people are lining up rank and file behind Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump. It seems that no matter what he says or does, people will love and defend him. He not only lies, but he s incredibly dangerous with his rhetoric and is tapping into a part of conservative rage that can only be seen as desperate   but it s working.Now, during a taping of MSNBC s townhall that will air on Wednesday, Trump was asked about his position on abortion. What he said shouldn t only disgust people, but terrify them.MSNBC s Chris Matthews asked Trump: Should abortion be punished? This is not something you can dodge. Trump half-ass answered: Look, people in certain parts of the Republican Party, conservative Republicans, would say,  Yes, it should. So Matthews pressed him harder on it asking,  How about you?  Trump responded: I would say it s a very serious problem and it s a problem we have to decide on. Are you going to send them to jail? Matthews pressing even further said,  I m asking you.  This is when Trump decided to say: I am pro-life. Well, you go back to a position like they had where they would perhaps go to illegal places but we have to ban it. Then being pressed further, Trump says,  There has to be some form of punishment. With Matthews asking  for the woman?  and Trump responding in the affirmative declaring that the punishment would  have to be determined. All of this proving, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that we need to now, more than ever, make sure Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office. He  would have the ability to choose who goes on the Supreme Court, and that thought alone should terrify every woman to their core.Trump even said: They ve set the law and frankly the judges, you re going to have a very big election coming up for that reason because you have judges where it s a real tipping point and with the loss of Scalia, who was a very strong conservative, this presidential election is going to be very important When you say what s the law, nobody knows what the law is going to be. It depends on who gets elected. People, please, if you re a liberal and your candidate doesn t get the nomination and you choose to sit at home or vote out of spite, your choice to do so will have national repercussions bigger than yourself. No matter who gets the nomination for the Democrats   vote blue. This is beyond critical, and these latest remarks by Trump prove that beyond a shadow of a doubt.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images   HT: Bloomberg",0
7198, Virginia’s Democratic Governor Just Vetoed Obnoxious Anti-LGBT Bill,"This is why elections have consequences. During the off-year election of 2013, one of thew few bright spots was my new home state of Virginia which elected Democrat Terry McAuliffe to the governorship. While the State Senate and House remain in the hands of Republicans, having a non-crazy person as the governor paid off on Wednesday as Gov. McAuliffe vetoed a bill designed to protect  religious freedom  by granting the highly unconstitutional right to discriminate against the LGBT community:RICHMOND   Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) on Wednesday vetoed a Republican-backed bill that would have prohibited state agencies from punishing religious organizations that discriminate against same-sex couples. McAuliffe vetoed the Virginia bill during a radio appearance. It s unconstitutional, it is discriminatory,  he said on WTOP.  It demonizes folks. It brings fear and persecution. We can t tolerate that. In North Carolina businesses are pushing back against the law, and McAuliffe said the Virginia bill would have hurt his efforts to grow the economy. We need Virginia to be open and welcoming to everyone,  he said.Republican legislatures have been pushing a series of these bills all over the country in a desperate bid to undo the Supreme Court s ruling on marriage equality. The problem is that Corporate America understands that the culture war against homosexuality is lost and doing business in states that pass these laws hurts their bottom line. The pressure they apply to Republican governors is enormous and they re capitulating, much to the extreme displeasure of the right wing.In the case of Gov. McAuliffe, he s simply being a decent human being, an alien concept to Republicans.Just to reiterate, elections matter. McAuliffe ran against Ken Cuccinelli in 2013. Cuccinelli was infamous for championing an anti-sodomy law because butt sex is all gross and icky so it has to be outlawed. If he had won in 2013, this article would have been titled  Anal-Sex Obsessed Republican Governor Signs Anti-LGBT Bill Into Law, Vows To Reinstate Stoning Of Homosexuals. At best, Virginia would have wasted millions in tax-payer dollars defending it in court only to lose when it reached the Supreme Court. At worst, it would have signaled the regressive right in the state that it was OK to openly attack the LGBT community again with little fear of repercussions.Sorry, Republicans. Virginia is for lovers and you don t get to tell us which kind of lovers are  acceptable. Featured image via wamu.org",0
7199, Happy Tears: Young Girl Heartbroken Over Obama Leaving Finally Meets Her Hero (VIDEO),"For many of us, electing President Obama into office was an amazing thing to be a part of, spectacular to witness, and will go down in history. However, what if you were born with this already amazing president in office where you know no difference. You wouldn t be able to comprehend a world without him as president. Most of us know that presidents come and go every four to eight years, but what if you re only six and Obama is all you know? It could end up be emotionally traumatic, which is exactly what happened with young Kameria whose video regarding Obama leaving, and her subsequent letter went viral.Well, guess what? President Obama saw Kameria s video and received her letter and she just got to meet her hero in person.In one of the most heartwarming meet and greets ever, please witness Kameria meeting President Obama. Grab your tissues. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt; I don t want you to leave the White House. I want to meet you before you leave the White House.   First grader Kameria in her letter to President Obama. This week, her wish came true.Posted by The White House on Tuesday, March 29, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7200, Conservatives Frothing At The Mouth Over Disney’s ‘War’ On Christianity,"There was literally no chance that the religious right wasn t going to scream bloody murder over Georgia Governor Nathan Deal vetoing an anti-LGBT bill, but they re taking it a little bit worse than I d expected:The group Texas Values released an angry statement after Georgia s governor, Nathan Deal, announced Monday that he would veto so-called  religious liberty  legislation. Disney and other companies had threatened to boycott the state if the governor signed the bill into law. Will Disney now ban you from wearing a cross outside your shirt at their parks?  Texas Values president Jonathan Saenz fumed.  Will a Catholic priest be forced to remove his white collar when he takes a picture with Mickey Mouse? This is how extreme the attacks now are on religious freedom, it s a zero tolerance policy for religious freedom. Because everyone knows that wearing symbols of your faith is EXACTLY the same as openly discriminating against people you don t like. Once again, religious conservatives are confusing religious freedom with the freedom to impose their religion on others.I probably shouldn t be surprised that the veto is sending conservative Christians into a blind rage. They were just told that sopping up to religious fanatics is less important to Republicans than sopping up to big corporations. That must come as a shock to the religious right that s spent decades distorting Christianity so conservatives would worship the rich and allow Corporate America to do whatever it wants with  God s  blessing.Finding out that you re a useful idiot and that you ve been tossed aside has to sting a little.But Corporate America is concerned with profit and there is no profit in continuing to discriminate against the LGBT community. Quite the opposite as pro-LGBT boycotts are far more expensive than anti-LGBT boycotts. That s kind of what happens when you re on the losing side of a culture war issue: You lose. And you keep losing until all of your wailing and gnashing of teeth is a buzzing in the background. It s the same buzzing that helps me sleep at night along with a tall, warm glass of conservative tears.Yum.Featured image via camelotinn-anaheim.com",0
7201, Mississippi Senate OKs Bill Giving Church Members License To Kill Perceived Threats,"Mississippi Republicans are taking a  shoot first, ask questions later  approach to preventing potential church violence with a bill that amounts to legalizing religious  security  squads tasked with killing perceived threats. This week, the state s Republican-led senate passed the so-called  Mississippi Church Protection Act  which would militarize the state s churches while also walking back gun regulations and stripping away oversight.The bill would allow churches to create security programs and designate and train members to carry concealed weapons. It would provide criminal and legal protections to those serving as church security.The bill also would allow concealed carry in a holster without a permit in Mississippi, expanding a measure passed last year that allowed concealed carry without a permit in a purse, satchel or briefcase, and another recent law that allows open carry in public.The bill also seeks to prohibit Mississippi officials from enforcing any federal agency regulations or executive orders that would violate the state constitution   an attempt to federal gun restrictions not passed by Congress.Mississippi church goers will now get to assign church members as  security  which can carry concealed weapons without permits and are protected from legal liability if their actions result in death based on a designation of  justifiable homicide    the same legal standing that we afford police officers on duty.@pourmecoffee It passed pic.twitter.com/H8WvOdHFA4  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) March 30, 2016What could go wrong?Much of this baffling new legislation is in direct response to NRA lobbying directives to erode existing gun laws in order to create a  polite  society of heavily-armed citizens. Exploiting tragedy (and ignoring irony) the NRA has used recent mass shootings to push for more guns, not less. The narrative goes that if only churches would have access to firearms, shootings like the one in Charleston, South Carolina, could be prevented.The premise, as tempting as it sounds for would-be vigilantes, has been thoroughly debunked both in theory and in practice. Data suggests that as the number of guns increase, the risk of someone being shot by those guns also increases. Places with a lot of  good guys with guns  tend to have higher incidences of gun injuries. Go figure. At the same time, anecdotal evidence supports these warnings as well. We ve seen that guns in churches often lead to disastrous accidents, while at the same time not once stopping a mass shooting in a house of worship.With the removal of even permit requirements, Mississippi is planning on handing over the power of life and death to a bunch of untrained, untested amateurs who won t even have the risk of prosecution keeping their index finger off the trigger. A militarized church security unit assigned by the church, trained by the church, and meant to protect the church by any means necessary. If Mississippi legislators can t see the inherent danger in this as the bill heads to the House of Representatives to be finalized, then we are in a lot of trouble.Featured image via George Frey/Getty Images",0
7202," Minnesota Republican: Gay People Are Mentally Ill, Need Treatment For ‘Unhealthy Sexual Addiction’ (AUDIO)","He probably believes  pray the gay away  is the treatment, too.There is no law forcing straight people to seek such treatment, so this is clearly about stealthily trying to  cure  gay people when they do not need to be  cured  at all.But Minnesota GOP Rep. Glenn Gruenhagen thinks gay people have an  unhealthy sex addiction  that needs to be fixed.During an interview on WCCO Radio with Chad Hartman last week, Gruenhagen declared that gay people are mentally ill and should be forced to undergo treatment for their  unhealthy sexual addiction. Claiming that he has gay friends and friends who were former homosexuals, Gruenhagen fretted about the number of Americans who have an STD in this country, which the Centers for Disease Control says is about one-third of the population.Hartman then sought clarification. You are telling the millions of people in this country who are homosexual   and the rest of their lives are no different than me or yours   but that the reason they have described themselves as homosexual is because they have an unhealthy sexual addiction?  Hartman asked.After being given a chance to reverse himself, Gruenhagen didn t backtrack. Yeah,  he replied.  You can go on the Internet and there s treatment for sexual addictions right here in Minnesota, whether it s pornography or unhealthy sexual behavior. You can receive treatment for that and be free from those compulsions. Here s the audio via Raw Story.What Gruenhagen is likely talking about is dangerous conversion therapy which can cause lasting psychological damage and even be fatal. That s why it is opposed by the American Psychological Association.But Gruenhagen isn t just attacking gay people, he also thinks being transgender is a mental illness, too, and he has sponsored a bill in the Minnesota statehouse that would force them to use bathrooms corresponding to their  biological sex.  Such bills have been popular with Republicans as of late, with North Carolina being the latest red state to embarrass themselves with such a law on the books.Gruenhagen s proof that LGBT people have a mental illness comes from outdated versions of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which was updated in 1973 and 2012 to declare that being gay or trans is no longer considered a mental disorder.Republicans really need to stop being so obsessed with gay sex and it makes one wonder what Gruenhagen is hiding in his closet. After all, the lawmakers who fight homosexuality the most usually seem to be those who have homosexual attractions themselves. If that s the case, then Gruenhagen is the one who needs therapy, not to convert, but to stop living in denial.Featured image via Facebook",0
7203, Trump’s Pick For Supreme Court Justice Shows Just How Pathetic He Really Is (VIDEO),"The GOP has been absolutely obsessed with blocking President Barack Obama s Supreme Court justice pick ever since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. While the Republican Party s attempts to prevent Obama from doing his job have proven that the GOP is nothing more than a joke, one particular presidential candidate has just made the selection of Supreme Court justices even more ridiculous and humiliating.On Wednesday morning, Republican front runner Donald Trump told Good Morning America that as president of the United States, he would be picking Supreme Court justices with one truly pathetic goal in mind   he only wants justices that will investigate Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton s emails.Toward the end of his interview, which Trump spent the majority of talking about the arrest of his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, host David Muir asked Trump to address a comment Clinton had recently made in a speech at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Clinton had posed the question to her audience, As scary as it might be, ask yourself,  What kind of justice would a President Trump appoint?' Trump responded to Muir with this: Well, I probably would appoint people who would look very seriously at her email disaster because it s a criminal activity and I would appoint people who would look very seriously at that to start off with. What she is getting away with is absolutely murder. You talk about a case, now that s a real case. Now nothing seems to be happening, but you can also poll people on that and you can see what happens on that because that is a real case and if she is able to get away with that you can get away with anything. You can watch the full interview below, with Trump s comments about Clinton starting at about the 6-minute mark:Trump has been obsessed with Clinton s emails for a long time, despite the fact that there has already been an in-depth investigation on them. Throughout his campaign, Trump has made it perfectly clear that if he becomes President, he has every intention of trying to prosecute Clinton and put her behind bars. Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
7204, WATCH: Anderson Cooper DESTROYS Ted Cruz Over His Hypocrisy On Trump,"Cruz has recently gone on the attack against Donald Trump, but as recently as December, he kept the Republican frontrunner close to him, despite the fact Trump had already made many crazy statements. Cooper called out Cruz during a CNN town-hall event. Cooper said: Back in December, you tweeted,  The establishment s only hope: Trump and me in a cage match. Sorry to disappoint, Donald Trump is terrific.  That was after he had already made fun of Carly Fiorina s face, that was after he had gone after Megyn Kelly. At that point, in December, did you really believe Donald Trump was terrific? Cruz tried to divert the conversation, saying,  What I knew was that the media was engaged in a lovefest, giving Donald Trump $2 billion in free media.  However, Cooper wasn t having it, responding,  Sounds like you were engaged in a lovefest. There are many reasons why the slippery Cruz wanted to keep all of his options open regarding a potential Trump win. Cruz, never a man with a moral compass, not only didn t go on the attack against Trump, he also embraced some of Trump s racist and nasty policies, including those on Muslims and immigrants.If you look closely, there isn t much of a difference between the two except Trump has a bigger mouth, but since Cruz is an ideologue and actually believes the stupid things that come out of his mouth, it makes him more dangerous.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WpO24C8I6Y]Featured Image via video screenshot.",0
7205, Trump Threatens To File Battery Charges On Reporter His Campaign Manager Assaulted (VIDEO),"Donald Trump spent Wednesday morning trying to convince the American media that his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is a really good guy who is being railroaded by some crazy woman. During one of his interviews with Good Morning America, though, he took it a step further and threatened to file charges on Michelle Fields, the reporter Lewandowski is charged with assaulting, because she  touched  Trump s arm.The hosts asked Trump if it was clear to him, after watching the video, that his campaign manager did touch Fields, even though he has insisted that he didn t. Trump responded: Well, what s clear is that she was touching me and she broke through the Secret Service. And she was asking me questions when there were no questions we were leaving, the press conference was over. She broke through, she grabbed my arm, I think a couple of times. You see me trying to get her hand off my arm and he saw something and did very minor..Her face wasn t that of a woman screaming in pain He didn t try to throw her to the ground. You look at Twitter, people think it s a total disgrace she s filing charges. I would just like to point out that this is typical abuser behavior. Instead of Trump admitting that his campaign manager was wrong and he should have kept his hands off of this woman, he is trying to place the blame squarely on her shoulders. It s like when an abusive husband punches his wife in the face, then he and his buddies say, Well, you shouldn t have mouthed off. After the long rant about how Fields was to blame for Lewandowski s actions, Trump said: I m sure there will be a counter-claim coming down the line. Should I file charges against her because she touched my arm as well? His campaign manager did NOT just  touch her arm.  He grabbed her so hard that she was left with bruises, that is not  minor,  it is battery and that s why he was charged with a crime. Clearly the police believed that he assaulted this reporter and it is disgusting the Trump is defending him. However, this is what we have come to expect from the Republican frontrunner. He and his campaign have zero respect for anybody, especially not women.Watch the interview:https://www.facebook.com/GoodMorningAmerica/videos/vb.59306617060/10153518346397061/?type=2&theaterFeatured image via video screenshot",0
7206, Trump Gets P*SSED As TODAY Hosts Slam His ‘Lying’ Campaign Manager Over And Over (VIDEO),"A smart presidential candidate would immediately fire their campaign manager if he were charged with battery   especially if the person he assaulted was a female reporter. But, as Donald Trump has proven time and again, he is not a smart candidate. Instead of firing Corey Lewandowski, he called into all of the morning shows and defended him on Wednesday. Unfortunately for him, his interview on TODAY went downhill quickly as he was met with fierce opposition from the hosts.Host Savannah Guthrie dispensed of pleasantries and immediately asked Trump is he would acknowledge that his campaign manager lied when he said he  never touched  reporter Michelle Fields. The billionaire immediately started making excuses for Lewandowski. Guthrie cut him off and said: He said he didn t touch her and the video shows he touched her. Is that not a lie? The Republican frontrunner responded, I really don t know.  It s not all that surprising that a man who lies more than three-quarters of the time can t tell when someone else is being untruthful. But then he had the audacity to say: She made up this story, Savannah. If Fields made up the story, why has his campaign manager been charged with a crime? Clearly Trump is grasping at straws.After some more back and forth with Guthrie, Trump asked host Matt Lauer if he was going to  destroy a man s life after what happened?  Lauer didn t rise to the bait, he said: Right after this incident, Corey Lewandowski tweeted that he was calling bull-blank on Ms.Fields. He tweeted that she was delusional and he tweeted that he never touched her. The video tape easily and plainly shows that, in fact, he did grab her and did pull her. Whether you want to debate whether she almost fell down or not, he didn t tell the truth. If you re President of the United States and a member of your staff, your chief of staff, goes to the American people and publicly doesn t tell the truth in the way that Corey Lewandowski hasn t told the truth, would you put up with it? Trump responds by saying  it was so minor  that his campaign manager probably didn t even know it happened. SERIOUSLY? At that point you can hear Trump clearly getting annoyed that the hosts would not allow him to get his talking points out. When Lauer says they will have to  agree to disagree  and attempts to end the interview, the Republican got really nasty and again accused the media of trying to ruin a great man.If this is his idea of a good man, I d hate to see who he thinks is bad.Watch the explosive interview below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images ",0
7207, Trump Fans Launch Brutal Attack On Teenage Girl At Wisconsin Rally (VIDEO),"A teenage girl who fought back when she was allegedly groped by a Trump supporter while protesting at a Wisconsin rally was then pepper-sprayed in the face by her attacker.In footage, the girl (identified as Alex Drake) can be seen confronting a man in his late-fifties to early sixties, incensed that he has apparently sexually assaulted her in the middle of the crowded event. The man claims she touched him first and an argument ensues in which Drake throws a punch at the man while the crowd attempts to separate the two. But as she swings, a male arm reaches out and pepper sprays the teenage girl directly into the eyes. She is then pulled to safety by her friends.The 15-year-old said:It was simple. I was in the crowd and a man started groping me. I yelled at him to stop touching me several times and he just laughed and continued, I yelled at him and said  you re a grown man and I am a fifteen-year-old-girl, are you proud of yourself?  As I tried to push him off. He just kept laughing and still had his hands on me, so I hit him. Immediately as my hands went towards him I got pepper sprayed and then I basically got carried to a cop car because I could not open my eyes.The images and video quickly made it to social media where people recoiled at this latest act of wanton violence at a Trump event.Alex, 15, of Janesville shoved and pepper sprayed by Trump supporter. #TrumpJanesville #DumpTrump pic.twitter.com/lT86udgBgn  Lady Forward (@LadyForward) March 29, 2016This is a good day to remember that Trump supporters are exceedingly likely to bring a gun to a knife fight #TrumpJanesville  Kelli Daley (@Kelli_Daley) March 29, 2016""You can't combover racism."" #TrumpJanesville pic.twitter.com/GknKEKpPzu  Molly Beck (@MollyBeck) March 29, 2016Meanwhile, other Trump fans at the rally continued to remind us all that they are totally NOT racist, at all, in any way.Trump supporter David Webb of Milton waves confederate flag at #TrumpJanesville site, calls it symbol of state power pic.twitter.com/aNKeChacuj  Rob Schultz (@RobSchultzWSJ) March 29, 2016The scenes at this Trump rally range from the pathetic to the intolerable. To think the GOP race has descended to such gutter depths, that their political rallies are no longer a safe space for teenage girls. They have become cesspits of violent rage that have no place in modern America.Featured Image via screengrab ",0
7208," This Major U.S. City Is Now So Polluted, People With Asthma Are Choking To Death (VIDEO)","A staggering expos by Newsweek has revealed that the city and surrounding areas of once-great Detroit, are now so polluted that asthmatic people are literally choking to death.Zoe Schlanger s piece for Newsweek follows the story of 38-year-old asthmatic Jacqueline Carson and her 10-year-old son   forced to River Rogue, a small town of 7,000 on the edge of Detroit by unaffordable housing anywhere better. Prior to moving to the area, her asthma was a footnote in her life, and since, it has become the headline. She suffers multiple crippling attacks a week, and her lungs feel constantly under assault by the toxic air about her. Air which, Schlanger writes, has to be breathed to be believed: As I drove east from the Detroit airport into River Rouge,  she writes,  the acrid stench of rotten eggs filled my rental car despite the windows being rolled up against the cold. I kept driving, and the smell acquired notes of burnt plastic and gasoline. If I had been anywhere else, I d have worried that my car was about to burst into flames. But I was in River Rouge, so I knew better. I pulled into a gas station. As soon as I opened my car door, I could feel the air in the back of my throat like a fine spray of gravel.It s dirty in River Rouge, and everybody here knows it. The way the air smells, and the gas flares, coal piles and smokestacks around every corner don t let you forget. There are 52 sites of heavy industry within a 3-mile radius; 22 of these either produce over 25,000 pounds or handle more than 10,000 pounds of toxic chemical waste, putting them on the Environmental Protection Agency s Toxics Release Inventory Program. For years, the area has also been  out of compliance  for sulfur dioxide, meaning there s more SO 2  a known contributor to asthma in the air than federal rules allow.As with the water crisis in Flint, Michigan is failing to protect its citizens from harm by native industries. Polluting corporations are making the area uninhabitable, while the state stands idly by. As Schlanger uncovered:According to the latest state data, more than 15 percent of Detroit s adults have asthma, a 29 percent higher rate than the rest of Michigan. Detroiters are hospitalized for their asthma three times more frequently than other Michiganders. Being black ups the rate significantly: Black Detroiters are hospitalized for asthma at a rate more than 150 percent that of their white neighborsThese citizens pay their taxes, their mortgages and their rents to live in a place so polluted that people are becoming ill and dying.This is yet another life-critical failure to be added to the expanding list of Michigan s Republican Governor Rick Snyder   who now faces a recall petition by Michigan residents who have been made, quite literally sick, by his ultra-right wing policies. The petition has 60 days to gather 790,000 signatures to begin the process of ridding the state of perhaps the worst Governor in its history. Author of the petition, Rev. David Bullock of Detroit s Greater St. Matthew Baptist Church told WJBK: It s not about Democrats. This is not about Republicans. It s not about whites or blacks. It s not about rich or poor. You have all kinds of folks   rural citizens, urban citizens, people of faith, people who are atheist, [of varying] sexual orientation   we ve got everybody. And you have to ask yourself this question: When everybody agrees, what does that mean? I think that means Rick Snyder s got to go. Let s hope Snyder goes quickly, and the process of repairing the broken state of Michigan can begin in earnest. People s lives and livelihoods depend on it.You can watch a local news report from earlier this year about an increase in emissions from a Detroit factory, and the battle of locals to try to protect themselves and their families.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7209, First Supreme Court 4-4 Tie Screws Republicans HARD,"Republicans were handed a harsh reminder of how our country s judicial system works when the Supreme Court deadlocked in a 4-4 tie over a crucial union dues ruling. The court s non-ruling serves only to affirm the lower court ruling that teachers who enjoy union benefits are required to pay union dues.The case involves public employee unions only, an increasingly sharp thorn in the sides of Republican governors embroiled in battles over  right to work  laws, which translate to  right to fire people for trying to organize.  This ruling, or lack thereof, strikes a serious blow to Republican lawmakers looking to scrape money from education and public works budgets to give to their corporate cronies as rewards for doing business in their states contibuting to their campaigns.That s the immediate result of a 4-4 tie that probably would have happened anyway, since it s unlikely that a nominee would have been confirmed this quickly, but it highlights the kinds of issues that not just Republicans but all Americans will face as the branch of government given constitutional authority to decide in all cases of equity and law sits broken.That s just about where the silver lining on this particular cloud ends. While the case was almost certain to fail had Scalia not passed away, the absence of a definitive ruling on the matter also means an absence of precedence. Had the ruling come before a full court with a new liberal or even centrist judge like Merrick Garland on the bench, the lower court s decision on the matter could have been affirmed and erased all right to work laws under the 14th Amendment. The U.S. Supreme Court today rejected a political ploy to silence public employees like teachers, school bus drivers, cafeteria workers, higher-education faculty and other educators to work together to shape their profession,  said National Education Association President Lily Eskelsen Garc a. The court, unsure if they will see a 9th justice any time soon, hasn t called for the case to be re-heard.Featured image via Getty Images",0
7210, WATCH What Hillary Says About Trump’s Bigoted Campaign In Her First Ad Targeting Him (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton has just launched the first ad directly aimed at Donald Trump s campaign. The ad is all about New York, in time for the April 19 Democratic primary there, but uses the opportunity to criticize the current Republican frontrunner on his home territory.The 30-second TV spot that will begin airing ahead of the April 19 primary   a Clinton spokesman said the timing of the ad launch in the expensive New York media market was still to be determined   uses grainy footage from a Trump rally earlier this month were a white supporter sucker-punches an African-American protester. When some say we can solve America s problems by building walls, banning people based on their religion, and turning against each other, well, this is New York. And we know better,  Clinton says while the camera pans over a sign advertising a new Trump hotel that is  coming 2016. In the ad, Clinton also talks up the diversity of New York, themes that she has used in her campaign and a nod towards the diverse coalition of voters that delivered two presidential terms to President Obama:  No, we don t all look the same. We don t all sound the same, either. But when we pull together, we do the biggest things in the world.  The ad then cuts to time-lapse footage of the newly built Freedom Tower in downtown Manhattan, which was built on the site of the former World Trade Center.The ad follows a campaign event in Wisconsin where Clinton took on Trump s habit of inciting violence and hate at his rallies. She noted,  What Donald Trump has been doing over these last months is inciting violent behavior, aggressive behavior that I think is very dangerous and has resulted in attacks on people at his events, including this charge that was brought against his campaign manager. The most recent polling in New York have Clinton ahead of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders by an average of 34.5 percent. She is currently ahead of Trump nationally by an average of 11.5 percent. In 2012, President Obama beat Republican nominee Mitt Romney by 28 percent in New York.Featured image via YouTube",0
7211, Watch A CNN Anchor Put Trump In His Place On Live TV (VIDEO),"Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump was again confronted with the incident in which he retweeted a sexist photo attacking Ted Cruz s wife, Heidi. Unlike so many other times in the past with the news media, CNN anchor Anderson Cooper didn t let Trump s childish defense off the hook.Donald Trump on his feud with Ted Cruz: ""I didn't start it."" #GOPTownHall https://t.co/5IleC1wZS4 https://t.co/O71FnQPiYZ  CNN (@CNN) March 30, 2016Trump replied that despite it being fairly obvious that he was attempting to do just that, that wasn t his intent.  I thought it was a nice picture of Heidi,  he said.Cooper replied,  Come on, you re running for president of the United States. Look,  Trump replied,  I didn t start it. Sir, with all due respect, that s the argument of a five-year-old,  Cooper said. It is not,  Trump replied.  It is not! The argument of a five-year-old is,  He started it !  Cooper said.The exchange came on day in which Trump crossed the line of decency yet again, defending his campaign manager on the same day he was arrested and charged with battery of a female reporter.In a press conference, Trump suggested that the bruises photographed on the reporter s arm after the incident were possibly faked. Facing an electorate in the fall that will be majority woman, Trump has instead defended his staffers using language right out of the domestic abuse handbook.The Trump campaign appears to be engaging in textbook victim-blaming. When Fields first reported what happened to her, Trump s campaign spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, suggested Fields was not believable because she had reported a previous incident of police abuse. This is a classic tactic used to undermine women and other individuals who report assault   claiming that because a person reports assault more than once, he or she must be lying.The Republican Party already had a problem with women, as Mitt Romney got beaten by 11% amongst that group, but with Trump engaging in sexist attacks, victim blaming, and with a long history of misogynist comments, the Republican Party faces a possible bloodbath at the polls. Featured image via Twitter",0
7212, AZ Cops Taser Veteran With PTSD Until His Heart Stops Beating (VIDEO),"Cops in America are out of control, and here is yet another case of a police department who needs to be sued into oblivion due to excessive force. Kyle Cardenas of Gilbert, Arizona is a veteran with PTSD who went through two harrowing tours of duty in Iraq. His family says that they contacted the VA Crisis Hotline due to Kyle s having a mental health emergency related to his PTSD. That s when things went wrong.The Gilbert cops showed up, and there was a scuffle. The thing that is really awful here is that the family insisted that they wanted a crisis team   and they also said hammered the point home that they wanted no cops. However, cops   violent cops   are just what they got. They have filed an official complaint, which says, in part: The police charged into this bedroom   and attempted to restrain Kyle again. During the melee, the officers Tased Kyle at least seven times, sprayed OC spray directly into Kyle s face, struck Kyle multiple times with their batons, punched Kyle in the face with closed fists, kicked and kneed Kyle in the thighs and legs, and ordered one of the K-9 unit dogs to attack and bite Kyle. That is beyond despicable, but wait   there s more. When Kyle was immobilized on a hospital gurney, the trigger happy cops used a Taser on him again, this time until his heart stopped beating and medical professionals had to restart it.Of course, despite all of this, the cops are playing the victims here, and they say that they attempted to bring Kyle in without incident, but that he was violent. Well, no sh*t. You were scaring a man who was already suffering from a mental breakdown. This is why police are the last people who should be sent to deal with mental health crises.Thanks to the reckless, violent cops, Kyle Cardenas is now permanently disabled. The Gilbert Police Department says they are  looking into  what happened here, but of course, they ll likely investigate themselves and clear themselves of any and all wrongdoing.Watch a video news report below, via ABC 15:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7213, Scary Interview With Trump-Loving Women Shows That His Supporters Will Excuse ANYTHING He Does (VIDEO),"The fact that supporters of Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump have a few screws loose is a widely known fact. However, considering all of the sexist, misogynistic comments that Trump has said to and about women, most of us would imagine that most Trump fans are white males. According to a recent study, Trump isn t liked by 70% of American women because of his vulgar attitude toward them  and the other 30%? Well, you re about to see some of them.CNN s Martin Savidge had the opportunity to interview a few Arizona conservative women who were fierce Trump supporters, and what the interview revealed is truly depressing and baffling. It turns out, that no matter how disrespectful and degrading Trump is to them, there are still women who will not only continue to support him, but DEFEND him at all costs.One awful example of this was when Savidge brought up Fox s Megyn Kelly, whom Trump had brutally attacked on social media and made several sexist remarks about just because she called him out on his misogynistic behavior. One of the women being interviewed said Trump was completely justified in his bullying antics and said that Kelly was guilty of  baiting him.  Another women jumped in and said,  You don t know what his connotation was!  when Trump s crude reference to Kelly menstruating was brought up. Basically the group s justification for supporting Trump despite his attacks on women was: Because he insults men as well. I can t be upset that he insults women. The terrifying thing is that this group of women aren t the  uneducated  voters that Americans and Trump himself believes are supporting him. These are professional, educated women who have chosen to believe in a man who has violated basically everything they believe in.One of the women, who is actually Mexican-American, said that she appreciated Trump s  transparency.  She said: I just find that what you see is what you get with this man. And that is what I want. Another women, a church leader, said that she enjoyed that Trump was  a strong man with a strong personality.  Although, it s hard to believe that she s even been watching the election when she says: He really does love his country, loves people, he really has respect for women. The women also blamed Trump s rival, Senator Ted Cruz, for the nasty attacks that the candidates have made on each other s wives. Yes, these women excused this classy tweet from Trump:TwitterOne of the women   perhaps the only one with a little bit of common sense   admitted that she has  cringed on occasion when he s said a certain thing . She said: I wonder why (Trump has) said a certain thing, but that s his personality. He s just   he just lets it roll. According to one of the women, only Trump  going back on his policies and on the issues could stop her from supporting him   which is hilarious, considering that Trump is infamous for flip-flopping. Another woman said: It s his policies that we admire. And that s really the crux of it and has nothing to do with what he might call somebody or what kind of terminology he uses. You can watch the video below: Featured image via screenshot",0
7214, Hypocritical Alabama Governor Gets Booted From His Own Church For Affair With Staffer,"Alabama Governor Robert Bentley claims to be a  family values conservative Christian,  but because of an affair with a woman who was not his wife he ll have to find a church that supports hypocrisy.The Republican governor has resisted repeated calls for him to resign his office despite a scandalous audio recording of Bentley admitting to having an affair with Rebekah Mason, a staffer who works for him. I love you,  Bentley told Mason in the recording.  I love to talk to you. Baby, let me tell you what we re going to have to start doing, we re going to have to start locking the door. If we are going to do what we did the other day, we are going to have to start locking the door. To spell it out for anyone who doesn t get it, Bentley told Mason they ll have to lock the door because their relationship became physical, which Bentley denies even though that would be the logical reason why they have to start locking the door. So someone doesn t walk in on them and catch them in the act.Having heard the tape, Bentley s wife filed for divorce, which is not exactly a PR dream come true if you re a lawmaker who touts  traditional  marriage and Christian morality as reasons to oppose same-sex marriage. I have always believed in the Biblical definition of marriage as being between one man and one woman,  Bentley said when the Supreme Court handed down the decision to legalize same-sex marriage across the nation last summer. Apparently he meant between one man and one woman and another secret woman in a locked room. I made a mistake,  Bentley said during a press conference on Wednesday.  Two years ago I made a mistake.   I have apologized many times to my family. I have apologized to the family of Mrs. Mason. I would now like to apologize to the people of Alabama. I ask them to forgive me. I ve been told about the possibility of tapes for two years. While he is still waiting for the people of Alabama to forgive him, Bentley s own church isn t much in the forgiving mood.The First Baptist Church of Tuscaloosa, where Bentley was a deacon, has officially expelled the governor and Mason.Senior Pastor Gil McKee told Christian News Network,  while church discipline is a church family matter, both Governor Robert Bentley and Mrs. Rebekah Mason are no longer members of First Baptist Church Tuscaloosa. I continue to pray for each of them. That s right. Bentley s own church can t stomach having him as a member anymore because he not only cheated on his wife while waving Christianity and  family values  in the faces of his constituents, he is lying about it and refusing to take responsibility by stepping down in disgrace.Seriously, Governor. Resign. That s the only right step you can take that will satisfy the people of Alabama and the God you claim to worship. Featured image via YouTube",0
7215, Cruz Brutally Mocks Trump For Trying To Back Out Of CNN Town Hall (TWEET),"Once again, Republican front runner Donald Trump resorted to acting like a moody 5-year-old by threatening not to take part in CNN s Republican town hall scheduled for Tuesday night. Having seen Trump engage in this childish behavior more than once before, rival candidate Ted Cruz trolled the business mogul relentlessly, explaining that Our friend Donald finds debates very, very stressful. They make his hair stand on end. It all started on Tuesday morning, when Trump tweeted out a whiny message to his followers that suggested he might skip the town hall because CNN had treated him unfairly by not given him enough airtime and supposedly favored his opponents by giving them more interviews:TwitterSure enough, this tweet only got the spotlight for two hours   because soon word of Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski s arrest for assaulting a female reporter would make headlines and overshadow Trump s complaints.According to an analysis done by RealClearPolitics, both Cruz and Trump are tied in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where the town hall is being held. Cruz was clearly up for the challenge when he said that  it s neck and neck. Donald Trump and I are effectively tied in the state of Wisconsin. That means   any candidate running for president owes it to come in front of the state and actually debate. Cruz insisted that Wisconsin residents deserved to see a debate between the two candidates but that he was unsure it would take place. Still, the Texas senator continued to challenge Trump to a one-on-one standoff: We re in the same location. They got the TV cameras; they got the moderators   the one thing they re missing is The Donald. Donald prefers to communicate in 140 characters or less. Cruz s renewed vigor comes just after having received an endorsement from former presidential hopeful Gov. Scott Walker (R), who said Cruz was a principled constitutional conservative who can win. Featured image via Getty Images / George Frey",0
7216, Arizona Secretary Of State Confirms Election Fraud Did Happen (VIDEO),"Monday s hearing on voter suppression and election fraud in Arizona s Presidential Preference Election revealed a slew of failures, which took place at virtually every level of government, all of which contributed to the state s March 22 election fiasco.At the top of the list of people to blame is the state s legislature, which failed to provide funding for Arizona s Presidential Preference Election in the state s 2015 budget. Although the legislature made promises to fix the budget, that fix never happened.In Maricopa County, where voter suppression issues were the most obvious on election night, the number of polling places was slashed from 400 in 2008, to 200 in 2012. But in 2016, Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell slashed that number again, leaving just 60 polling sites open for an area that has a population of more than four million people.But it wasn t just the lack of polling locations that contributed to the tremendously long lines. The locations that were open were inappropriately small, some with as few as six voting booths on site.Worse, as thousands of voters waited in line outside the polling locations, half the voting booths were purposely left empty by poll workers, who trickled voters in as slowly as possible.During the hearing, angry Maricopa County residents told stories of being forced to wait more than six hours to cast a ballot in the Presidential Preference Election. Some talked about how the incredibly long lines and lack of accommodations for people with disabilities made it impossible for them to cast a ballot at all.A poll worker testified that the system in her district attempted to force her to give Republican ballots to Democratic voters throughout the day. To her credit, she gave those voters paper ballots and recorded every person that was impacted by the supposed system failure.Secretary of State Michele Reagan testified about what she claims were multiple unintended failures which occurred on the Secretary of State s website.Those  mishaps  ranged from the system s failure to identify registered voters when the information was entered in lower-case letters, to the system  accidentally  showing 100 percent reporting, along with patently false election results, at least six hours before the last vote was cast.One of the most important things to come out of the hearing, however, was Secretary of State Reagan s acknowledgement that voter registration information was tampered with.When asked if there was any truth to the widespread allegations that the party affiliation of voters was changed ahead of the election, Reagan immediately responded by saying  Yes. She then told the election committee, This is something that I know happened, and I know it happened to people in this room. It is not hearsay. It happened to someone in my own office. Watch this video clip from her testimony below.On Monday, Anonymous released the preliminary results of their own investigation into Arizona election fraud.So far the group has confirmed 151 voters whose party affiliation was altered ahead of the Arizona primary. Of those, Anonymous has verified that 12 republicans, 139 Democrats and one voter of unidentified party affiliation were impacted.The group further confirms that of the 139 Democrats they have identified thus far, two were Hillary Clinton supporters, 113 were Bernie Sanders supporters and 24 were of unknown preference.Anonymous is trying to determine if the voter database was hacked.During the hearing, Geoff Woods of Phoenix Rising Media testified that his organization is aware of at least 4,000 people whose party affiliation was changed.Secretary of State Reagan stated that her office handled more than 2,000 calls on election day, while acknowledging that the lack of staffing at her agency likely resulted in many calls going unanswered.After the Arizona legislature made the decision to shut down the hearing, in spite of the fact that many more disenfranchised voters had waited for hours to have their turn to speak, the hearing ended in chaos.At least one person was arrested, as hundreds of citizens looked on in disbelief.  Is this America?  one man shouted.Fox 10 in Phoenix uploaded the entire hearing to YouTube in two parts. Watch part one here, and part two here.The citizens of Arizona are demanding a federal investigation into the May 22 election fiasco.Image credit: Video screen capture via Fox 10 Phoenix on youtube",0
7217, Trump Campaign Manager’s Lawyer Resigned As U.S. Attorney After Reportedly Biting Stripper (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, the Trump campaign took a huge blow when campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was finally charged for an assault on a Breitbart  reporter  earlier this year. Lewandowski faces a battery charge after he left bruises on Michelle Fields when he mistook her for a member of the hostile and evil lamestream media. Despite the existence of a mountain of evidence   including pictures of the bruises, numerous eyewitness accounts, and even newly-released video that clearly shows the attack, the Trump campaign has repeatedly continued its tradition of ignoring reality.After Lewandowski was charged, Trump assured the world that his campaign will continue to stand behind its campaign manager the same way that The Donald stands behind members of the  Make America Great Again  crowd who attack black people at his rallies. Following his campaign manager s legal issues, Trump jumped on Twitter to claim that the tapes   which, once again, clearly show the assault, demonstrate absolutely nothing: Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there! Yes, that s horrible, and grabbing a reporter so hard that it leaves bruises (no matter how disreputable she is) is pretty goddamn bad, but at least she didn t encounter former U.S. Attorney Kendall Coffey, an attorney representing Lewandowski. She might have spent a few weeks nursing bite marks.Coffee, who served with as much dignity as can be expected from someone associated with Trump from 1993-1996, resigned after he racked up a $900 bill at a Miami-Dade County strip club and allegedly settled the dispute by biting a dancer known only as  Tiffany  (and, ultimately, paying the tab with his credit card). The decision to leave is the most painful and difficult choice of my life,  Coffey told staffers as he resigned. But leave I must, because my family has already paid too great a price for the sacrifices that accompany public service. With the allegations recently raised and pending, I now have concerns about the possible impact on the important work of my office,  he said, apparently viewing dealing with the repercussions of biting a f*cking exotic dancer to be a run-of-the-mill  sacrifices  dealt with by public servants.The Sun-Sentinel reported at the time that Coffee s father bought back the credit card receipt for $1,200 in an effort to protect his son s actions from being discovered.The dancer and her husband at the time said that Coffee bit hard enough to  break the skin,  but that they did not want to end his political career.Men and women visit strip clubs on a regular basis, but not often does someone bite one of the dancers . That takes a special kind of animal   the sort that would accept work defending a man who attacked someone because he thought she was part of an adversarial media, the sort who would actually have done worse.Watch the pretty much indisputable security camera footage of the attack below:",0
7218," Trump Quickly Jumped On Twitter To DEFEND Abusive Campaign Manager, And It’s APPALLING","If there were a contest to describe who the most grotesque, misogynistic and outright awful human beings on the planet are, Donald Trump and those who he surrounds himself with would likely top the list. Not only is Trump wildly sexist and racist, but he comes to the defense of those who abuse others in his name. He has said it at his campaign rallies for those who go after protesters, and now he s come out in full defense of his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, who was caught on video brutally grabbing a reporter.Lewandowski, while at a campaign event on March 8th at Trump National Golf Club, grabbed then Breitbart News Network reporter Michelle Fields. She filed charges, and subsequently Lewandowski has now turned himself into the police.You can see here, via security footage, that Lewandowski, without a doubt, grabbed Fields:Newly released security footage of the Corey Lewandowski incident: https://t.co/O5tTflBb5C  Frank Luntz (@FrankLuntz) March 29, 2016Yet, Trump is still jumping to the defense of his abusive campaign manager. Shortly after Lewandowski turned himself in, Trump tweeted out:Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2016And then he blames the victim like the good misogynist he is:Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2016THEN he tries to make up an excuse as to why she was being grabbed, turning it back on her:Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? pic.twitter.com/qbW2RjkINX  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2016Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? pic.twitter.com/HQB8dl0fhn  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 29, 2016His tweets are literally going from bad to worse.The right thing to do would be to acknowledge the abuse and swiftly fire Lewandowski, but instead he s choosing to victim-shame and back up his brownshirt flunky.It s beyond belief that people still support Donald Trump. Either they are racist and/or misogynistic themselves, hate themselves, or are simply too stupid and likely cannot even tie their own shoe laces. We need to make sure Trump stays as far away from the Oval Office as possible. No matter who, we need to vote blue. Don t let a vote of pure conscience and ego let this country slip into the hands of a man who will most definitely have his hands on nuclear codes. Wake up, people. This race is bigger than ourselves and even our nation. It affects the whole world.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images   Twitter",0
7219," Ellen Hilariously Goes Off On Those Telling Hillary To Smile, And It’s Beyond Perfect (VIDEO)","One thing you don t ever want to do is tell a woman to smile more. It s become this thing where people feel they are entitled to tell a woman how she should or should not behave or appear. As if a woman does this one thing, she ll appear more likable or more genuine or more pretty. Here s the thing   no one is telling men to smile more, because when men don t smile they re being serious and responsible and down to business. God forbid it be the same thing for a woman.Pointing out this hypocrisy perfectly was none other than Ellen DeGeneres on her show. She said: She gave a very passioninate speech, and then someone, I don t want to say it was a man, because it was a bunch of men   they said that Hillary needs to smile more Here s something you should never tell a woman   smile, relax, calm down, or drink less. It s then brought up that no one is telling the male candidates to smile. Ellen then shows photos of all the men still running for office (sans Kasich). She also points out that it s lose-lose for women, because at the same time they re being told to smile more, they re told to wipe the smile off their face because they may look crazy. Meanwhile, the men can pretty much do as they please.Ellen said: I know Hillary, and I know there are plenty of things that make her smile   like her daughter, her granddaughter, when there s a sale on pantsuits I m not against smiling. I think we should all do it more   women, men, cats, Clint Eastwood  But we should do it on our own terms. Which is exactly right. Telling a woman that they should smile is telling a woman what they should be doing with their body and image, and that s pretty much the epitome of misogyny. If you don t think it s sexist that likely says more about you than it does about anything else.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7220, Bette Midler Weighs In On #CruzSexScandal And It Is Absolutely HILARIOUS (TWEET),"Bette Midler has made her distaste for the GOP s 2016 Clown Car perfectly clear, usually via her twitter account. On Monday morning, we woke up to the gross hashtag #CruzSexScandal trending on Twitter, and on Tuesday, the Divine Miss M made her thoughts on the matter perfectly clear in hilariously appropriate tweet. The tweet reads: I don t know if Ted Cruz really has 5 mistresses. If he does, let s hope they have better access to birth control than he would propose. Here is the tweet:I don t know if Ted Cruz really has 5 mistresses. If he does, let shope they have better access to birth control than he would propose.  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) March 29, 2016Midler is right, of course. Now, to most of us, the idea that Ted Cruz could find five women who would voluntarily sleep with him is pretty gross, not to mention downright unbelievable. However, that s not the point here. Ted Cruz is no friend to women. He is completely against easy access to birth control, and he is adamantly pro-birth. We re talking about a guy who would make rape and incest victims give birth, no matter what, if he could. The idea that a man like that wants to be president of the United States in this day and age is downright scary. Cruz wants to get inside our bedrooms and uteri, but then again, that s the entire GOP s idea of so-called small government.Hopefully, if this is true, the women Cruz is stepping out on Heidi with think twice before they crawl into bed with him again.Featured image via Twitter",0
7221," Wisconsin Newspaper SHREDS ‘Un-American’ Donald Trump, Declares Him Unfit For Presidency","A scathing editorial in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Tuesday laid waste to Donald Trump s presidential ambitions.Armed with a brutal headline declaring Trump unfit for the office  by any measure,  the paper began by repeatedly telling the Republican front-runner a word he hates to hear and called for Wisconsin voters to do something to stop him:No to Donald Trump.No to his bigotry.No to his contempt for women and minorities. No to his vague, clueless bluster about the problems facing the nation.No to Trumpism, which runs counter to the ideals of this nation of immigrants, to the notion that by working together under the rule of law, we can protect freedom and promote inclusion and fair play.Wisconsin Republicans: Reject this un-American candidate on April 5.Though it may be too little, too late, the editorial goes on to explain that Trump s anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim stance is divisive and has provided propaganda for ISIS to use as a recruitment tool.The Journal Sentinel also pointed out Trump s degradation of women, the violence displayed at his racist rallies, and his hatred of the the free press as facts that should have sunk his campaign already.The the paper dropped the hammer.Trump s crudity and spinning moral compass are merely the most obvious problems with his candidacy. His policy ideas, such as they can be divined, show a man with no political center who has given the hardest problems facing the nation no more than a passing glance. Any other Republican would be immolated by the hail of fire and brimstone called down upon Trump by movement conservatives over his apostasies,  the paper continued, noting how Trump is somehow bulletproof despite his economic and foreign policies that would light the world and America on fire as chaos reigns.Indeed, Trump s intention to immediately stop buying Saudi Arabian oil would weaken our longtime ally and make gas prices skyrocket here at home. Trump has also proven his ignorance when it comes to Iran and North Korea as explained by Andrea Mitchell on Meet The Press this past Sunday. Trump would also torpedo our economy by reneging on trade deals and instituting tariffs that would cost Americans millions of jobs. A Trump presidency would float down a river polluted by hyperbole and misstatement, tacking left to right, right to left, claiming up is down, white is black, night is day,  the paper declared.  A reality TV Wonderland. Only we live in the real world, where the words and choices of presidents can have momentous consequences   war and peace, feast or famine, freedom or tyranny, life or death. The paper concluded that Trump s presidential campaign is about himself, not the citizens or the country, and urged voters to reject Trump at the ballot in order to  end of all this reality television nonsense  and  do the nation a huge service. Featured image via YouTube",0
7222," Donald Trump’s Campaign Manager Was Just Arrested, And This Video Shows Why","Donald Trump s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was arrested on Tuesday morning in Jupiter, Florida. Lewandowski has been charged with misdemeanor battery.Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump campaign manager, was charged this morning with misdemeanor battery after allegations of forcefully grabbing a reporter at a Jupiter news conference, town police confirmed this morning.Following a March 8 conference at Trump National Golf Club, Michelle Fields, a 28-year-old reporter formerly with the online Breitbart News Network, said she was grabbed on the arm by Lewandowski, 41, after she asked Trump a question about affirmative action.The police report says that surveillance footage backs up the claim that Lewandowski put his hands on Fields, and Jupiter police released the video:Reporter Lulu Ramadan posted an image of the arrest report:.@bmaz @WesleyLowery note the highlighted ""date of arrest"" and ""time of arrest"" Call it what you want. It happened. pic.twitter.com/Lo3o6qyXcj  Lulu Ramadan (@luluramadan) March 29, 2016Despite the video evidence, Trump s campaign issued a release claiming that their staffer is  completely innocent. Trump campaign released statement on Corey Lewandowski battery arrest: He's ""absolutely innocent"" pic.twitter.com/DiWw5I154a  Lulu Ramadan (@luluramadan) March 29, 2016In the immediate aftermath of the incident, Fields posted photos on Twitter showing the bruises caused by Lewandowski s actions.I guess these just magically appeared on me @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump. So weird. pic.twitter.com/oD8c4D7tw3  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) March 10, 2016Lewandowski denied the claim, and linked to several websites that alleged that Fields was simply seeking attention and publicity. He also called the reporter  delusional. Donald Trump himself said: Everybody said nothing happened. Perhaps she made the story up. Breitbart, who has faced allegations that it is financially allied with Trump, published a story casting doubt on Fields. Internal communications from staffers slamming Breitbart were leaked, and Fields and editor Ben Shapiro publicly resigned from the site.A few days later, Lewandowski was involved in another incident, in which he appeared to physically grab someone at a Trump rally. Here s video that moment:Here is Donald Trump's campaign manager in the Tucson crowd grabbing the collar of a protester. pic.twitter.com/JZ9RntWlHY  Jacqueline Alemany (@JaxAlemany) March 19, 2016The Trump campaign again denied what happened.Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said Lewandowski wasn t the one responsible, instead placing the blame on a man standing to the left of Lewandowski. The man seen to the left of Lewandowski in the video is a member of Trump s private security.Despite these incidents, the mainstream media has shied away from directly asking and confronting Trump about his top staffer s apparent habit of manhandling people. Maybe they ll ask now?Featured image via Twitter",0
7223, DOJ Tells Cops To Go Ahead And Start Stealing Money And TVs From The Public Again,"If you don t know what  civil asset forfeiture  is, the short answer is: The police get to take your money and property and keep it for themselves even if you didn t commit, or were even charged with, a crime. If you want the long answer, watch John Oliver s definitive take on it here. Needless to say, introducing a profit motive to policing is a terrible idea, so a lot of people were understandably happy when the federal version of the program was suspended last year.But that s all done with now:The Justice Department today announced that it is resuming a controversial practice that allows local police departments to funnel a large portion of assets seized from citizens into their own coffers under federal law.The  equitable-sharing  program gives police the option of prosecuting asset forfeiture cases under federal instead of state law. The Justice Department had suspended payments under this program back in December, due to budget cuts included in last year s spending bill.This program allows the police to walk into your house with little to no justification, take your giant flatscreen TV and keep it to watch football games back at the station. Just to be clear, the police have admitted that they like to target people they KNOW will have nice stuff to take. They go after nice cars, expensive computers, etc. because they get to keep it and use it knowing there s almost no chance they ll ever have to give it back.Does that sound constitutional in any way, shape or form?Even worse, as the law enforcement community tumbles to the fact that they can rob the public blind, they ve gone on a spree that puts actual criminals to shame:Asset forfeiture is fast growing  in 2014, for instance, federal authorities seized over $5 billion in assets. That s more than the amount of money lost in every single burglary that year.And the police wonder WHY they ve lost the public s trust? Seriously?Now that the program has resumed, they re going to want to make up for lost time so expect to hear an increasing number of horror stories in the news. Also look for stories of the police using asset forfeiture as retaliation against all those pesky Black Lives Matter protesters that keep making them look bad by filming the police unnecessarily beating/killing unarmed black people. Because why stop at abusing your power for personal gain when you can get some payback at the same time? Murika.Featured image via memes.com ",0
7224, Racist Hacker Remotely Controlled College Printers To Spread Anti-Jew Propaganda,"Last week, printers at colleges across the country suddenly started spitting out fliers advocating white supremacy and Antisemitism. The headline of the flier was  White man are you sick and tired of the Jews destroying your country through mass immigration and degeneracy?  And it went downhill from there.On Monday, a white supremacist hacker claimed responsibility for the mass hack:PRINCETON, N.J.   A well-known computer hacker who goes by the name of  Weev  said he was behind a wave of anti-Semitic, racist fliers that appeared on printers at more than a dozen college campuses last week. Weev is the alias of Andrew Auernheimer, who in 2010 was part of a group of hackers that discovered a security loophole on AT&T s servers and gained access to the data of 114,000 customers. Mr. Auernheimer was initially convicted of identity fraud and conspiracy to access a computer without authorization, but his conviction was overturned on appeal.It s not clear that  Weev  even broke any laws since all of the printers he accessed were open to remote printing and were not protected by a password.Although  Weev  did not mention Donald Trump, it s not much of a stretch to assume he s a big fan. While the white supremacy movement has always been lurking in the shadows, Trump s candidacy has emboldened it to crawl out into the light. With millions of people no longer ashamed to be openly racist, the ranks of the KKK and Neo-Nazi groups have swelled, giving them and people like  Weev  the confidence to publicly tout their hatred of Those People:The fliers directed readers to The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website. Mr. Auernheimer said free speech concerns were behind his printing spree.  My motivation is this: White cultures and only white cultures are subject to an invasion of foreigners. The  threat  to  white culture  that he s referring to is the loss of white privilege. This is truly a terrifying concept to people who think white people are inherently superior but refuse to compete on a level playing field. It s also the fear that minorities, once in power and no longer minorities, will treat white people the way white people have treated them for centuries.We should expect to see more (a lot more) racist propaganda being disseminated by bigots who honestly think their time has come again.Featured image via nbcphiladelphia.com",0
7225, Mitch McConnell Just Got Screwed By His Own Party: 16 GOP Senators Defect On SCOTUS Blockade,"When President Obama announced his nominee to fill Antonin Scalia s seat on the Supreme Court, it took Mitch McConnell all of half an hour to announce that the Republican party would see to it that not a single meeting, hearing or vote would ever come of it in a purely toddleresque temper tantrum that not only scoffed at the Constitution and the president s executive authority, but at the American people, more than 60 percent of whom are uncomfortable with the high court in a 4-4 deadlock.McConnell has given every reason imaginable   other than a good one   why President Obama doesn t have the right afforded his office more than 200 years ago. His finest moment was when he admitted that NRA is running the show at Republican National Headquarters. Former McCain strategist Steve Schmidt said, Mitch McConnell s knee-jerk response after Justice Scalia s death is a public relations debacle for the Republican Party.  He s not kidding.According to a report from NBC, there are at least 16 Republican senators who have taken Mitch McConnell s directive to obstruct at even the common courtesy level and tossed it in the garbage where it belongs. Some are Republicans up for re-election in Blue States, like Kelly Ayotte from New Hampshire and Mark Kirk from Illinois, who will be the first to openly defy McConnell when he meets with Merrick Tuesday. Others are Republicans from red states who understand that it s better to allow the process to happen rather than prove to the American people that Republicans are incapable of governing effectively.Even with the moderates like Susan Collins of Maine and Jerry Moran of Kansas advocating for full hearings, the likelihood that Merrick would actually be confirmed is nearly non-existent, but that s not keeping GOP strategists from insisting that holding a hearing would seem much less obstructionist and rude. John Kasich, the last establishment candidate left for the GOP, has also said that Merrick Garland, at least, deserves the respect of a hearing. The man was, after all, nominated to fill a seat on the highest court ion the land by the President of the United States.That s the problem, though, isn t it? It s not that he was nominated, it s who nominated him. Republicans have become as predictable as they are reprehensible.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
7226, You’re Gonna Want To See The Obamas Reading ‘Where The Wild Things Are’ To Kids (VIDEO),"On Monday, President Obama and the First Lady gave numerous children the day of a lifetime at their final installment of the annual White House Easter Egg Roll. During the festivities Barack and Michelle Obama read  Where the Wild Things Are  to a group of children   and the First Couple really got into it!// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Posted by BuzzFeed News on Monday, March 28, 2016// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Posted by BuzzFeed News on Monday, March 28, 2016At one point they were interrupted by bees, which finally gave right-wing meme artists long-coveted footage of the President surrounded by screaming children. Fortunately, no one was stung (though we can probably expect to hear on Fox News that Obama tried to kill a bunch of kids).Ultimately, the President did something that is much like interacting with a Republican-led Congress: He did his best to calm the children down, floundered for a bit while the hysteria was at its peak, finally succeeded in restoring order, and got back to business.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Posted by BuzzFeed News on Monday, March 28, 2016All in all, it was a rousing success and everyone had fun. The President even challenged the kids to a stare-down:It d hard not to be upset that the Obamas will be vacating the White House, even with two amazing Democratic candidates, both of whom have the potential to continue and expand upon President Obama s legacy.Watch them read to the kids below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7227, Trump’s Son Humiliated By Woman He Falsely Accused Of Being A Nazi (TWEET),"Ever since Donald Trump s rallies have become violent dumpster fires with a heavy neo-Nazi and white supremacist presence, his campaign has tried to paint the protesters as secret Bernie Sanders supporters engaging in a conspiracy to make the candidate look bad. They argue that any person, say, seen giving the Nazi salute while wearing a Trump t-shirt is a Bernie  operative  secretly antagonizing people to get a reaction. They have exactly one example of this and it was debunked within a matter of minutes.According to Donald Trump s son, the aptly named Donald Trump Jr., as well as Trump supporters like Ann Coulter and James Woods, a woman whose Nazi salute at a Trump rally went viral is a Bernie Sanders supporter named Portia Boulger. They immediately sent out tweets naming her as the  Nazi  and accusing her of being a paid stooge.Image via WCMH-TVThe problem? The woman in the picture only held a passing resemblance to Boulger; the photographer who took the picture identified the subject as another woman, Birgitt Peterson; and Boulger wasn t even near the Chicago Trump rally the photo was taken at. It wasn t her.Despite this massive screw up, and the sheer awfulness of telling millions of people that an innocent woman is a Nazi, Trump Jr. not only didn t apologize, he never even corrected his original tweet. For days, Trump fans sent the picture around the internet, working themselves into a frenzy over this Bernie Sanders  operative  who was undermining their candidate. A lack of apology isn t surprising for followers of the Trump campaign.The blowhard Republican frontrunner has built his entire platform on the shaky premise that he can never be wrong, he s infallible, and that he s  tough  enough to never take back anything he ever says. Likewise, his cronies like Ann Coulter and James Woods, also make a habit of smearing innocent people and never bothering to find out if the information they pass along is true. However, there is one way to get a Trump to listen to you: Money.Boulger announced that she was demanding a public apology for the smear campaign against her or she would file a lawsuit against Trump Jr.Boulger says even though it s been proven the composite photo wasn t of her, she doesn t feel safe. She believes she was targeted and intimidated because of her support for Bernie Sanders.Now she wants an apology. No one should be able to threaten me or make me feel uncomfortable for exercising the freedoms that I have by living in the United States of America,  she says.Boulger says her attorney is negotiating with Trump s to get that apology. She says she wants it via Twitter.It apparently worked. In the greatest irony in history, the Trump family   known for their lawsuit threats   got played by a woman threatening a lawsuit. Poetic justice.Trump Jr. gave her the tweet that she wanted, announcing to his followers that he had screwed up and that the photo of the Nazi salute was, in fact, one of his dad s fans and not of Boulger.Hilariously, Trump Jr. s fans praised him for his  integrity  for having the guts to apologize. They didn t seem to acknowledge the very real defamation lawsuit he would have faced if he didn t. How s that for integrity?Featured image via  Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
7228, Trust Fund Frat Bro Explodes At Uber Driver In Foul-Mouthed Fit Of Entitlement (VIDEO),"The spoiled son of a New York millionaire went full affluenza on an Uber driver, calling him a  minimum wage f*ggot  on camera in a fit of privilege that has to be seen to be believed.As Heavy.com reports:Jake Croman, son of New York City landlord Steven Croman, is seen in a video verbally harassing Uber driver Artur Zawada after Zawada canceled a ride on the University of Michigan frat bro.The video was posted on March 23 and quickly went viral with more than 300,000 views.In the video, Croman, a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon, is seen berating Zawada along with frat brothers. But Croman is the ringleader of the harassment, calling Zawada a  f*ck  and a  f**got.  He continues,  You wanna kick me off? Kick me off, you little piece of sh*t. You re an Uber driver! Go f*cking drive, you little f*ck!  He then proceeds to call Zawada a  minimum wage f*ck  before storming off with his cronies.The footage is astonishing because it lays bare the sense of entitlement and privilege of these trust fund frat bros. While their wealth is no more than an accident of birth, they strut about as if they invented the light bulb. Worse, they actually scoff about the fact that Zawada will spend the rest of the day working while they sit on their a** and watch TV. Newsflash fellas: Zawada is worth ten of you.But clearly, these are values Croman and his cronies learned at home. According to the NY Daily News, the frat bro s father has been branded a  slumlord,  found to be  using illegal tactics to force out rent-stabilized tenants. His latest scam, reports Crains New York, is to undertake highly disruptive renovation works in efforts to force out tenants, making way for those he can charge higher rents.Little wonder then, that his son shows so little respect for his fellow New Yorkers.Croman s fraternity, Tau Kappa Epsilon, has released a statement announcing their own investigation of the incident. It reads: At the conclusion of our swift, thorough investigation, we will handle the situation with appropriate action, Depending on the details of the investigation, this could include the expulsion of membership. Something tells us that this is not going to be enough to correct Croman s attitude. An attitude which stems from an unacceptable wealth gap, which rewards this spoiled boy s father for abusing those without the financial clout to fight back.Featured image via screengrab",0
7229, Sarah Silverman’s Hysterical Video For Bernie Sanders Is Breaking The Internet (VIDEO),"On Monday, Sarah Silverman released a hilarious video that encourages non-voters to get off the couch and participate in this election no matter which candidate they re voting for   but especially if they re supporting Bernie Sanders.The video has gone viral, shared tens of thousands of times over a few hours. For five hilarious minutes, Silverman cracks jokes in her signature style while making a truly convincing case for the Vermont senator. The comedian and actress stressed how much every vote in this particular election counted when she joked: If you vote or not, that s not my business, I m not your mommy. Though like your mommy, I have a completely full bush It s important that you treat your vote as something valuable, because it is. It s so valuable. Candidates literally spend billions of dollars trying to get your vote. Confessing that she was a fan of Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton before Sanders began his presidential campaign, Silverman said: I m a feminist. Democratic woman president? Yes please! Silverman gives an amazing explanation of how nearly every politician s campaign works when she talks about the contributions from corporations and banks that Clinton has been known for. Silverman said that although she was aware that Clinton was taking those contribution, she thought it was just what candidates must do to win in the era of Citizens United. Every politician takes money from big money, ever since it was made legal through Citizens United. It s legalized corruption. If all the other ball players are taking steroids, you have to take steroids too to compete, right? Of course, this was all until Sanders, who Silverman describes as a  giant fuck you to the above-the-law billionaire class , came onto the scene. Once Bernie entered the race, Silverman said that she became a diehard supporter because he was the only candidate to refuse big money and run a different campaign. Silverman clarified, I m not against Hillary. I ve just met someone I have more in common with. Instead, Sanders ran a truly unconventional campaign that was built on the donations of millions of everyday Americans. Silverman explained: This man is running for president on a platform that is just a giant fuck-you to the above-the-law billionaire class who have been controlling government policy with their money, and not paying a nickel in taxes through government loopholes they secure with said money. Without taking a penny from Super PACs, corporations, or self-interest groups, Bernie Sanders raised over $100 million from over 5 million individual donations, donations from human people, averaging $27 each. He proved that what is right can also be possible. Silverman said that Sanders  refusal to follow suit and take big money donations like every other candidate has proven that Citizens United is not a necessary evil. It s just evil.  Also tackling the  socialist  title that has plagued Sanders  campaign, Silverman said: He s a Democrat. He just believes that people who don t have the same advantages as you and me should be given the same advantages as you and me. Silverman assured Americans that they can still fulfill their dreams of becoming rich assholes, it s just that your fellow hard-working citizens don t have to feed their children cat food in order for you to do it. In closing, Silverman begged non-voters to contribute to the election and go against the status quo by casting their vote. She said: Don t be sucked into a rigged American Dream ponzi scheme that was never intended to include you. Vote. You can watch the video below: Featured image via screenshot",0
7230," Grey’s Anatomy Star Makes Hilarious Observation Of Trump’s Life Choices, And It’s Perfect (TWEET)","Sometimes you just have to point the obvious out, because a lot of people just don t see the error in their own ways. This is exactly what Grey s Anatomy star and activist Jesse Williams did when he took to Twitter to point out what an ass Donald Trump is truly behaving like.Trump tweeted out: Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President! Now, terrible grammar aside, this is an absolute ridiculous statement. First of all, wtf? He s just trying to incite fear and hatred, once again of  the other.  Secondly, Trump is coming across like he s Batman out to save the day completely ignoring how to actually get something done.Noticing this buffoonery, Williams tweeted out in response to Trump s ridiculous tweet: You literally could ve been anything and you chose to go down in history as a preposterously oafish laughing stock. via TwitterQuite honestly, it doesn t get much more perfect than that. Trump time and time again says the most ridiculous things that hold no basis in reality, and uses Twitter as his own personal troll fest to be as big of an asshole as possible. His followers eat it up, but to those of us who clearly have a grasp on common sense and reality, Trump is turning himself into one of the biggest embarrassments of all time.Trump was born in to massive wealth, and like Williams said, the Republican front-runner could have been anything in the world he wanted to be. Hell, he could have just sat on his fortune, made a few investments and lived his life in peace. But instead, he chose to go down as a  preposterously oafish laughing stock,  who at this point, will never ever recover.Trump, we get that you re a narcissist, but to actually believe that you can handle being the leader of the free world? Nah, you re absolutely out of your disheveled head.Featured Photo by Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images   Twitter",0
7231, Fox News Guest Calls For Surveillance On Muslim Neighborhoods In Response to Capitol Shooting,"Earlier today an unidentified male entered the U.S. Capitol s Visitor Center with a gun. The man was apprehended, resulting in a lock down of the Capitol building and other buildings in the area. A female bystander, and the suspect were injured, but not seriously.It wasn t long before Republicans used the incident to racially profile Muslims, even though no Muslims are known to have been involved in the incident. I don t talk about going into Muslim neighborhoods and putting an omnipresence there like Stormtroopers,  Fox News Contributor Bo Dietl said in an interview on Fox Business Channel.  What I talk about is having a lot more Muslim police officers   uniform and plainclothes   which can talk to people:  What s going on?   You see something suspicious, I drive by, you call over [and] let me know.  You have to have that communication back and forth. That s the most important thing, is intelligence. We have to realize one thing: we re facing this threat, complacency can t be setting in here. We have to be on guard all the time. The Capitol certainly is a target, same as New York City is,  said Dietl.  And part of my thing about the political correctness is, look, we ve got very, very fine Muslim-American people that live in neighborhoods, that have great families, and their most important thing in life is to take care of their families. Dietl tried to affirm he wasn t being Islamophobic and racist towards Muslims while simultaneously linking an unrelated incident to Republicans  warped belief surveillance on Muslims needs to be increased. Selective enforcement and surveillance based on race and religion has become incredibly popular these days in the Republican Party, as its front-runners for the Republican presidential nomination, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, constantly one-up each other on who is more racist towards Muslims.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
7232," Ted Cruz Has ‘Religious Liberty’ Exactly Wrong, His Response To Georgia Veto Is Cringeworthy","There are a lot of people in the United States who simply do not understand the meaning of  religious liberty.  Having religious freedom is not the freedom to be discriminatory against others based upon your faith, it is the freedom to worship how you like on your own time. The First Amendment was very clear in its intent of separation church and state with the Establishment Clause. There is no national religion, there is no religious test, and having a faith is not required.However, there are those who still like to skew not only the Constitution to their liking, but also the Bible to their favor. Folks like Senator Ted Cruz who will pick and choose which laws suit their fancy and which Bible verses they want to hold near and dear to their hearts to throw in people s faces when they want to be bigoted jerks.When it comes to  religious liberty  in the state of Georgia, the state s legislature passed a bill that would have allowed businesses to refuse to serve or hire base upon sexual orientation. However, noticing that such a law is not only bigoted, but would also be harmful to the state economy as many businesses were threatening to leave, Georgia Governor Nathan Deal made the smart choice to veto the bill.Governor Deal had it exactly right when he said: I do not think that we have to discriminate against anyone to protect the faith-based community in Georgia. But Senator Ted Cruz used his skewed and biased point of view based upon his own understanding of things, and had this to say regarding the veto: I thought that was very disappointing to see Governor Deal in Georgia side with leftist activists and side against religious liberty. It wasn t too long ago that religious liberty enjoyed bipartisan support. The modern Democratic party has determined religious faith is inconsistent with its political objectives. I think that s shameful. The only people using their supposed faith and point of views for political objectives are people like Ted Cruz. Legalized discrimination doesn t become less discriminatory when you call it  religious liberty.  It s still unconstitutional and it s still wildly un-American.If Cruz wants to call those who follow the Constitution and abide by the 1st and 14th Amendment  leftist activists, well, then so be it. I guess the framers of the Constitution were also  leftist activists  then.Ted Cruz is angry that Georgia's governor vetoed an anti-gay bill https://t.co/jbD6C0pcMv  NowThis (@nowthisnews) March 28, 2016Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
7233, REPORT: Here’s Why Donald Trump Has No Friends And Has To Ask Co-Workers To Hang After Work,"When Donald Trump stood at his podium at a rally and declared,  I have no friends You re my friends,  he apparently wasn t kidding. A scathing new report from The New York Times tells the sad story of a Donald Trump who at nearly 70-years-old has no real friends.One of Trump s favorite things to talk about are his celebrity friends. In the past he s been chummy with the likes of Oprah Winfrey, Regis Philbin, Howard Stern and he loves playing golf with athletes like Tom Brady, but the reality is, none of those people are what you and I would classify as friends. Richard LeFlak, a real estate tycoon who has known The Donald for four decades, told the Times that Trump is  very gregarious and has lots of acquaintances, but people he s close to? Not so many. LeFlak isn t alone in his analysis of Trump s personal life:  He doesn t really have a lot of friends,  said Billy Procida, a financier and business confidant of Trump s,  Pretty much all he does is work and play golf.  Reverend Al Sharpton, who knew Trump before he decided to become a Republican all of a sudden, said: Out of all the political and business and entertainment circles that we ve moved in together over the years, I never really met anyone who was Trump s good friend. In fact, I ve never even met anyone who claimed to be his good friend. It may seem harsh, but that s just how Trump operates. He s an introverted narcissist who spends his time with family, presumably because he doesn t have anything to prove. That analysis fits with a statement from Trump s longtime coworker and head of acquisitions, Abe Wallach, who told the Times that Trump would practically beg coworkers to hang out with him after work: Donald would call and say,  Abe, what are you doing? Marla and I are flying down to Atlantic City. You and David want to come?  Wallach said.  I always thought:  Why me? I work with him all week. Isn t there someone else? Apparently not. There is very little that suggests that Trump is capable of forming and maintaining personal relationships with people who aren t related to him. Wallach gave the Times the reason why: Deep down, he s a very nice guy,  Wallach said,  but he can t let go and just be nice because he fears that people will take advantage of him. Donald is actually the most insecure man I ve ever met. He has this constant need to fill a void inside. He used to do it with deals and sex. Now he does it with publicity. Ouch. Obviously, if a man who has known Trump most of his professional career and spent time with him and his family can spout off like that and trash The Donald s social skills so easily, there must be something to it. It could be that Wallach is right; that Trump lacks the confidence and self-respect to trust that not everyone is out to screw him, or it could be far simpler. He might just be an insufferable douchebag.Whatever the issue, what we have here is just another reason Donald Trump is unfit to hold the highest office in the land. Personal relationships are certainly important in trade, foreign policy and relations across the aisle. Trump s failures as a human being will easily translate to failures as a diplomat and commander-in-chief.Featured image by Jeff Mitchell, Getty Images",0
7234, Paul Ryan Gets Tea Party Primary Challenger As Punishment For Doing His Job,"Well, we called it. Paul Ryan s first act as Speaker of the House was to do his job and get work done. As a result, the anti-everything rage factory within his own party has rewarded his efforts by threatening to take his job away with a primary challenge next election.Citing his unhappiness with the fact that Ryan defied normal right-wing stupidity and did actual work in passing laws regarding trade and immigration, a yet unnamed Tea Party businessman is moving to unseat him as a Congressman next election cycle.A political consultant speaking on behalf of the still mysterious challenger issued this statement: I ve had the privilege of attending multiple meetings with this individual, during which he has expressed his sense of betrayal by Speaker Ryan. He has a strong desire to see real representation for the people of the district versus a congressman who represents special interests in Washington. It s very personal for him. He intends to run a full-scale candidacy that will shake up the establishment in a profound way. Source: TownhallRyan is Speaker of the House, and the Republican establishment is going to want to keep him in place. However, the fact that he compromised with Democrats immediately after taking the job is going to be a tremendous vulnerability for him.Ryan pushed through a $2 trillion spending bill which increased the deficit, infuriating the  cut everything and shut down the government  wing of his party   gave up on the fight to defund Planned Parenthood   gave up on the attempts to block President Obama s plan to bring in 10,000 Syrian refugees and OK d funding for alleged  sanctuary cities  to provide a safe space for undocumented immigrants. These cardinal sins of Conservatism are not going to be easy for Speaker Ryan to deal with.Carrying the stain of  working with Obama  will play heavily in any effort to unseat him. Considering how inflamed Republican voters are at the  establishment,  while feeling especially justified with the Trump effect, it just might end up working.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7235, Secret Service Just Killed The Fun: No Open Carry At The GOP Convention,"Despite a petition calling for guns to be allowed at the upcoming Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, accumulating more than 46,000 signatures, the Secret Service has killed what many see as the perfect scenario for natural selection to do its job. This masterful piece of trolling started as a tongue-in-cheek statement about how  responsible gun owners  are allowed to place everyone at risk everywhere else, yet enjoy safety from armed maniacs whenever they congregate   but the right wing began to take it seriously, demanding that their rights not be infringed.On Monday, the killjoys in the Secret Service announced that attendees will not be permitted to carry their Confidence on their hips at the convention   no matter how badly quite literally everybody (even Donald Trump) wants it.Secret Service spokesman Robert Hoback explained that  only authorized law enforcement personnel  working with the agency will be allowed to bring their weapons inside. Individuals determined to be carrying firearms will not be allowed past a predetermined outer perimeter checkpoint, regardless of whether they possess a ticket to the event,  Hoback told The Hill, explaining that everyone else will have to leave the Second Amendment freedumbs at the door.This, of course, was a huge disappointment to people who really wanted to see how this sort of thing would play out, with some even suggesting crowdfunding an open bar just to help things along.     We must take a stand. We cannot allow the national nominating convention of the party of Lincoln and Reagan to be hijacked by weakness and political correctness,  the hilarious petition reads.  The policies of the Quicken Loans Arena do not supersede the rights given to us by our Creator in the U.S. Constitution. This is a direct affront to the Second Amendment and puts all attendees at risk,  the petitioner writes in his attempt to create chaos simply by allowing violent, gun-obsessed Republicans to be themselves.Despite the clearly satirical nature of the petition, Donald Trump stands behind it, though he wants to  read the fine print  before his supporters are allowed to carry guns   which is probably a good idea. The RNC, of course, jumped on the chance to evade any responsibility for the very, very bad idea it would be to allow right-wingers to carry guns into what will almost certainly be a volatile environment: The Republican Party has been and will continue to be a staunch supporter of the Second amendment,  said convention spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski.  It is in our platform and is strongly supported by our candidates.The Republican National Convention is a National Special Security Event which means the Secret Service is the lead agency and we will defer to their planning as it relates to safety and security of the convention. This may seem surprising to hear from us, but the Secret Service should reconsider. If the people want Republicans to be able to carry their guns at the convention, they should be allowed. After all, we have to deal with them in restaurants, grocery stores, schools, hospitals, and anywhere else guns should not be allowed. It would be nice for them to experience what they force the rest of us to deal with on a daily basis for once.If someone is hurt or killed, it s just the  price of freedom.  Isn t that what they say whenever a child dies in a completely preventable shooting?Featured image via Dallas News",0
7236, Shooting Reported At Capitol; Gunman In Custody,"At 2:40 PM today, an unidentified male entered the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center with a gun. The man was captured, and a police officer and female bystander were reportedly injured, but not seriously. The gunman was also injured and was taken to the hospital.The gunman reportedly tried to go through metal detectors with the weapon. When the detectors went off, and security confronted the man, he pulled out his gun, when he was shot by a police officer.The Capitol and buildings in the area were placed on lockdown for roughly half an hour, causing some confusion as there was a lockdown drill in the Capitol earlier this morning. The visitor center is still closed, but the House and Senate reopened for official business purposes only. Although Congress is not currently in session due to a break for Easter, Washington DC is flooded with tourists this time of year for its annual Cherry Blossom Festival.The incident was deemed as isolated by local police.The visitor center at the Capitol was built via an underground center with high security after two Capitol police officers were killed in 1998 by a paranoid schizophrenic who entered the building and opened fire in 1998. Similar incidents have historically occurred at the Capitol as it is a high target for gunmen who want to ensure they receive national media attention.In April 2015, a male entered the Capitol building with a gun and committed suicide.Details from the Capitol shooting today are still emerging as to who the shooter is, what is plans were, and what were his motives for trying to bring a gun into the Capitol.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7237, Trump’s Excuse For All His Sexist Statements Proves He Doesn’t Really Want To Be President,"In case you ve been living under a rock for your entire life, and especially this campaign cycle, Donald Trump is notoriously sexist. Women who are voting for Trump are pretty much punching themselves in their own face. He s horrific. Need further proof, here s an ad where a bunch of his sexist statements were consolidated in one place.Bringing up these sexist remarks on his radio show was right-wing host Charlie Sykes. However, upon being asked why he has said such awful things, Trump said: I ve been a person that s been in the entertainment business and a very big person in business and I ve been quoted over the years by everybody  I became a celebrity. Oh, so it s okay for celebrities to be sexist assholes, in case you were wondering. Sykes picking up on this asked Trump further: Are the rules different for celebrities? Are celebrities allowed to insult women? Trump responded: Well the rules aren t different, but I never thought I would run for office. And many people, Howard Stern would interview me and everybody would be having fun, and the women would be laughing. So, Trump never thought he would run for office and used his celebrity to insult women? Got it. Class act, really.Trump even told Sykes he thought this sexism was a  dead issue  until it was just brought up, with Sykes having all our collective reactions when he said,  really?! It s as though Trump lives in his own reality within the confines of whatever that is on top of his head. The thing is, he still just wants to be a celebrity. Listen to any of his speeches and you ll hear how great Trump is and how wonderful Trump will be for the country, and how well Trump is doing in the polls. He makes it all about himself and rarely talks about what needs to be done for the nation in regards to the betterment of all. He even had a crowd pledge to HIM, when he should be the one pledging to the nation. He s a narcissist and clearly doesn t see the error in his ways. Everything happens to him, never the other way around. If you criticize something his says, he ll say you re attacking him and taking away his freedom of speech, when really people are just exercising their freedom as well. He s got thin skin with an ego bursting at the seams.Trump doesn t want to be president, he wants to be loved. He s like a lost puppy, but a lost puppy who will shit on your shoe and then blame you for having shit on your shoe. He wants, and has always wanted, to be a celebrity. That s it.You can listen to the full interview here, with his excuse around the 4:20 mark:Featured Photo by Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
7238," WATCH: Mean Teenage Girls Read Trump Tweets, And Suddenly They Make Sense","A new parody video shows that the ridiculously juvenile tweets from Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump make perfect sense, as long as they are read by mean teenage girls.The video, produced by Nylon magazine, shows a series of teens reading Trump s tweets verbatim, adding only the snark and derisive tone that can be found in the halls of high schools from coast to coast.One girl reads,  Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Another tells us,  Get a life Megyn!  That s an actual tweet during one of Trump s many feuds with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly.Trump has, of course, praised the effectiveness of his Twitter account but it s hard to blame him when insults that are 10th grade at best generate headlines in all the major newspapers without Trump having to spend a dime. He s compared it to owning his own printing press, and while he won t be nominated for a Pulitzer any time soon, his pronouncements of  Sad!  have already become a campaign clich .The downside of Twitter and parody videos like this for Trump, however, are that they expose how juvenile and simplistic his campaign and the Republican Party are. While the dumbing down of America is a very real problem, when it comes to crunch time in the voting booth it is unlikely that most of the 65 percent or so of America that aren t rabid Trump fans will actually decide to vote for an insulter in chief.For the rest of the country, these videos and Trump s own words highlight the intellectual deficit between Trump and his own party, let alone the leading candidates on the Democratic side.If the country is going to elect someone who tweets like a mean girl, why would you go with a pampered billionaire? Just go ahead and vote for a real mean girl. Like, oh my God, as if!Featured image via YouTube",0
7239," This Guy Brought An Assault Rifle To Church, But He Was Black So He Got Arrested (VIDEO)","A Tennessee man did what thousands of ammosexuals across the nation do on a regular basis   paranoid that someone somewhere is out to get him, he brought an assault rifle and a loaded handgun with him to church on Easter Sunday.The NRA regularly urges gun owners to  be vigilant  and ready to stand up to any and all threats   real or perceived   in the great nation of Amerikastan. Citing unspecified and mostly nonexistent threats, the Second Amendment warriors say that ammosexuals should pack heat wherever they go   just in case a  bad guy with a gun  shows his dirty, rotten, face. Unfortunately, far too many people fall for the right-wing group s propaganda   and one such man is Marcus Donald, 31, of Memphis.Donald was arrested on Sunday after he attempted to enter Easter services at a Baptist church. Like many scared white men across the nation, Donald came to church locked and loaded. For years, the Baptist Church has been  pointing people to Christ with gun giveaways and calls for congregations to arm themselves. While Donald s decision to show up to church armed to the teeth would normally be celebrated, there was one problem   his skin color.Aside from the obvious exterior features   Donald is black   he seems like the typical NRA acolyte. But that didn t stop police from showing up to arrest him. The man came to church with  a loaded 40 caliber Beretta in the pocket of his pants and a 300 Blackout Assault Rifle in a backpack,  according to police. Upon his arrest, he told law enforcement that people in society are a threat to him and that he must be vigilant. If Donald had been white, he would have been permitted to walk straight into the church and endanger the 4,500 people present   but a security guard stopped and disarmed him before he had a chance to make it through the doors. We are thankful for the diligence of (our) security and the Memphis Police Department,  Jim Barnwell, Bellevue Baptist Church, Director of Communication Services, told Fox 13. This is a photo of Barnwell: What were the man s intentions? We don t know,  he said, a question that would likely have not been asked with regard to a white man.  We are thankful for our security people. What a great job that they do. Donald, like many people on the Right should be when they carry an assault rifle around town, to the grocery store, to church, or anywhere else where guns are not appropriate, was taken in for  emergency commitment  despite that Tennessee state law allows guns inside churches unless that property is being used for a school event or if signs are posted that weapons are banned  the only time a mentally ill person can be taken into custody solely for being mentally,  according to the Crisis Intervention Team at the University of Memphis.Barnwell says he is unaware if the church has a policy against guns, but his staff was very quick to call police when they saw a scary black man with a gun even though there was nothing aside from Donald s decision to carry loaded weapons around (once again, something crazy crackers do all the time) to indicate he is mentally ill.Police say he may not be cited for carrying the weapons around if he had a valid permit   but it is interesting that he was accosted by police at all. While this should be the standard reaction whenever anyone runs around with loaded firearms, it s not. Had Donald been white, it would have just been another Sunday at church.Apparently. the Second Amendment simply does not apply to people like Donald, who fail to pass the racial litmus test.Watch a report on the arrest below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7240, Corporate America (And The Walking Dead) Wins Stunning Pro-LGBT Victory In Georgia,"Today we found out who s REALLY in control of the Republican Party: The Religious Right or Corporate America? In Georgia, at least, Big Business reigns supreme. In a move that is sure to exacerbate the tensions within the Republican Party, Georgia s Republican governor Nathan Deal has vetoed a controversial  religious freedom  bill that was aimed at legalizing anti-LGBT discrimination:Deal s decision comes two weeks after the state legislature passed a bill aimed at shoring up the rights of religious organizations to refuse services that clash with their faith, particularly with regard to same-sex marriage.Immediately after passing that bill, Georgia came under fire from numerous large corporations like Disney, the NFL and others who threatened to boycott the state or move their business elsewhere. The top show on television, The Walking Dead, also threatened to leave the state if the bill was signed into law.Liberals are celebrating, but took the entirely wrong message from the veto: Today, Governor Deal heard the voices of Georgians, civil rights organizations, as well as the many leaders in the entertainment industry and private sector who condemned this attack on the fundamental rights of LGBT people, and he has set an example for other elected officials to follow,  Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, said in a statement.While conservatives turned around and blamed liberals and politically correct something or another. I m assuming the death threats have already started flowing in to Deal s office.But Governor Deal is not a sudden proponent of LGBT rights. He s a Republican. That should give a hint that the only reason this happened is because Corporate America told him what to do. Since marriage equality and LGBT rights won the culture war, being seen as anti-LGBT hurts profits.That is, literally, the bottom line.While pounding their chest about  religious freedom  still helps Republican politicians in their benighted conservative states, being associated with the anti-LGBT movement hurts corporations. Even Chick-fil-A had to back down after acting on their anti-gay sentiments in the form of donations to anti-LGBT groups. Yes, there was a surge in business as bigoted conservatives rushed out to support the fast food company but once that died down, the boycott and bad PR remained.Being publicly anti-LGBT is bad business. Doing business in an anti-LGBT state is bad business, too. That s why corporations keep threatening to leave states that pass what are laws essentially legalizing discrimination and hate. In a state like Georgia, one of the few red states with a functioning economy, they can t risk the loss of business for a pointless ideological fight that s going to eventually be struck down by the soon-to-be liberal controlled Supreme Court.This is not a new victory for the LGBT community so much as a predictable and direct consequence of their already winning the war. Still tastes pretty sweet though, doesn t it?Featured image via JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images) ",0
7241, Former Trump Aide Fired For Somehow Being Too Racist Endorses Cruz,"Let nobody tell you racists don t have options this election. If you re a racist who is turned off by Trump   or perhaps, fired from his campaign   you can always jump onto the Cruz train and fit right in.That s what former Trump adviser Sam Nunberg discovered when he was abruptly fired from Trump s campaign for the impressive feat of being too racist for Trump. He didn t have to stay out in the cold for very long, now he s shilling for Cruz.In an exclusive with POLITICO, Nunberg completed his 180 degree spin on Trump and now says Cruz is the only choice for president. Cruz is a Reagan Conservative. Donald Trump does not have a coherent political ideology   if anything, I would describe him as a Chris Christie Republican.   When did I decide that I could no longer support Trump? Last fall, when he did not have any idea of what the nuclear triad is in a debate. Actually, he didn t  decide  when he should stop supporting Trump   he was fired by Trump for a series of vile Facebook posts targeting President Obama, African Americans, and liberals with racist, violent rhetoric. In 2007, he called Civil Rights Leader Al Sharpton s daughter the N-word.He frequently referred to Obama as a  Socialist Marxist Islamo Fascist Nazi Appeaser  or a  Pan Arabist Marxist Muslim.  He is also   of course   a rabid birther. His comments were so noxious, that Trump was forced to part ways with him.And now he s Team Cruz and he has a completely different versions of events. Hilariously, he told POLITICO that it was Trump s failure to denounce (fellow) white supremacist David Duke as part of what led him to have a falling out with Trump. Apparently Nunberg believes in firing him, Trump got rid of the wrong racist in his campaign.Nunberg s effortless shift to Cruz only reinforces what many critics have been saying all along: The  vote Cruz to stop Trump  movement within the Republican Party, endorsed by moderates like Mitt Romney, isn t picking the  lesser  of two evils. Both candidates are shockingly bad options, and vile in their own ways. Voting for either means resigning the Republican Party to its worst elements: Racism, xenophobia, religious fanaticism and war-mongering. The choice isn t between Trump and Cruz, it s between either and decency.Republicans should work on building a party that Nunberg feels uncomfortable in. He shouldn t have options to choose from, he should be left out completely.Featured image via Talking Points Memo ",0
7242, Over 60% of Republican Voters Are Embarrassed By ‘Childish’ Trump/Cruz Slap Fight,"In an article aptly titled,  Why some Republicans are feeling shame,  The Washington Post s Sean Sullivan describes a party sinking into despair at the ridiculous spectacle of Donald Trump bickering with Ted Cruz:[Carlos] Gimenez is watching with disgust, as are many Republicans across the country, as his party s presidential race turns into a tabloid talk show. After a winter that featured anatomical insults, violent clashes at rallies, and fierce accusations of lying and dirty tricks, Republicans say the past week has been particularly dispiriting.Under normal circumstances, I would be cringing right along with them. In decades past, any presidential candidate that acted with such reckless disregard for civility would be shamed out of the public square. Even Karl Rove, the scummiest political operative in Washington D.C., always did his smears from a distance by using proxies that could not be directly linked to the Republican candidate.Those days are long gone as the two frontrunners really are just one thrown chair and a paternity test away from turning the Republican primaries into a full-blown Jerry Springer episode:The luridness has weighed not only on Republican elected officials but on voters as well. In a recent CBS News-New York Times poll, 60 percent of Republican primary voters said the campaign has made them mostly embarrassed for the party rather than mostly proud. The survey was conducted before the Cruz-Trump fight involving their spouses erupted.I imagine that number is closer to 70% by now and instead of cringing along with Republican voters, I can only point my finger and laugh. A lot.By the way, that was 60% of REPUBLICAN primary voters, the most faithful of the faithful. How do you think Republican moderates view the whole thing? Independents? Democrats? Yeah, when Trump wins the nomination, he s going to be utterly crushed in the general election no matter WHO the Democratic nominee is. How can I NOT laugh?It s even funnier to point out,  You built that.  And they did. So very very much. They fully embraced the incoherent rage and hate of the Tea Party because it won them elections. It didn t matter that your average Tea Partier was completely detached from reality and common decency as long as they voted Republican, attacked Obama and did it loudly. The conservative movement let the fringe take over because it was easier than admitting that the Bush years were a total disaster of their own making.And so the Tea Party dragged the level of discourse into the mud and buried it. They set the bar so low that it s now allowed Donald Trump to run the kind of campaign that used to be unthinkable, filled with vulgarity, violence and idiocy that is an international embarrassment. Even worse, the Democratic primary has been a model of civility between the candidates (if not their followers). It s like watching a family with two well-behaved children and then looking down at your two screaming neurotypical brats throwing temper tantrums. You want to be mad at that other family but all you feel is a burning shame that you failed as a parent somehow. Featured image via Getty Images",0
7243, Carson Warns GOP: Nominate Trump Or Suffer ‘Absolute Destruction’ (VIDEO),"The horror that is Donald Trump s rise to the top of the GOP presidential race continues, and now his former nemesis turned ardent supporter Ben Carson went on Fox and Friends on Monday morning to warn the Republican Party that they better nominate Trump or else.It s no secret that the Republican establishment can t stand Trump, but is, like the rest of us, at a loss as to what to do to stop him. The guy is like Teflon   his supporters are so brainwashed that they don t care how many lies he tells or how many people he insults. They just want Trump in the White House. Carson said to the hosts: I can tell you this. If there are shenanigans, if it s not straightforward, all of those millions of people that Donald Trump has brought into the arena are not going to stay there.And the Republicans are going to lose. And it s going to be not only the presidency, but it s going to be the Senate, and it could even be the House. It s going to be absolute destruction. The thing is, though, the GOP is done either way if Trump gets the nomination. The majority of Americans are not bottom feeding racists, misogynists, and homophobes like Trump supporters are. They are the lowest of the low, and everyone knows it.  Make America Great Again  is nothing more than code for  Make America White Again.  Most people, regardless of political persuasion, know how dangerous Donald Trump and his horrible rhetoric are. He and his supporters are reminiscent of the rise of Adolf Hitler, and we all know how that turned out.Carson went on to opine: And if they re more concerned about America, they will not blow up a straightforward process. They will let the will of the people prevail. I guarantee you, Mr. Carson, the will of the majority of Americans is NOT a Donald Trump presidency.Watch the video below, as posted by Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7244, Canadian Company Offers Asylum To Americans Looking To Escape Donald Trump (IMAGES),"A Canadian tech company is capitalizing on Donald Trump s scary rise to the top by offering refuge to American workers in the field of technology.Sortable, based out of Kitchener, Ontario, has started as a brand new automated ad company that aims to make  ads suck less.  I first ran across Sortable while scrolling down my Facebook newsfeed. The business is paying for advertising on the social media network and their ad made me laugh out loud:Sortable says they want to offer people in the tech industry a safe place to live and work if Donald Trump is elected president. Now, while we don t think Americans will actually move en masse to Canada if the election doesn t go their way, we do want to extend an offer. Because it s the polite, Canadian thing to do Over the last year, Sortable s popularity has followed a similar trajectory to Trump s. We have been growing 40% month over month, and our ad engine is handling 3 billion ad impressions each month. While Donald Trump has been really bad for America, he is actually proving to be quite profitable for our Northern neighbor. Sortable isn t the first Canadian entity to offer their country up as an alternative option if Trump is elected. Recently an island in the country also announced they would welcome us with arms wide open if the billionaire somehow manages to bamboozle his way into the White House. Further, the anti-Trump sentiment across America has given the country a noticable bump in tourism.Sortable s founder Christopher Reid said he began the ad campaign after watching the progression of the United States  presidential election: It s bizarre and it s funny and we thought, why not use that as an opportunity to sort of promote the fact that we re hiring aggressively and we re looking globally. We re doing it because we need to find people and it s fun. What s perhaps even funnier than the campaign to lure American workers to the company, is their attempt to bring Canadians, who are working in Silicon Valley, back home:While it is funny to watch Canadian businesses and towns use Donald Trump s rise to power to advertise, it s also really embarrassing for America. We are quickly becoming a laughingstock around the world. It was bad enough when our allies were scratching their heads and wondering why we have so many mass shootings while they have virtually none, but now we have Bozo the Clown running for president. Trump s steady flow of hate, bigotry and bullshit is damaging our already bruised reputation further.These kinds of ad campaigns further highlight how important it is that Democrats get off of their sofas and vote in November. We have way too much at stake.Featured image via Facebook ",0
7245," Florida Continues For-Profit Juvenile Prisons After Years Of Abuses, Corruption","The Florida Department of Juvenile Justice has finally decided to terminate its relationship with the for-profit prison company, Youth Services International, whose name couldn t be more misleading. For years the company has been embroiled in controversies involving covering up youth sex abuses by staff, falsifying records, and starving inmates, among a litany of other allegations occurring over the past few years.The company settled on paying the state of Florida $2 million to get a lawsuit thrown out, which they continue to deny has any merit.Florida s entire Juvenile Prison system is privatized, exposing it to abuse and corruption so the companies who hold the government contracts can squeeze out as much profits as possible. Despite the rampant problems with Youth Services International, the state of Florida is merely accepting new applications from other for-profit prison companies. These private prisons interfere with the administration of justice. And they re driving inmate populations skyward by corrupting the political process,  wrote Senator Bernie Sanders in a Huffington Post article last year.  No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars   whether they re inmates in jail or immigrants held in detention centers. In fact, I believe that private prisons shouldn t be allowed to exist at all, which is why I ve introduced legislation to eliminate them. Senator Sanders went on to explain how the for-profit prison system facilitates prisoner abuses, harms minorities, victimizes immigrants, influences prison policy and immigration policy while corrupting politicians to favor the interests of the for-profit prison industrial complex. The state of Florida has clearly seen the problems posed by placing the management and control of their prison system in the hands of a private company, yet they are continuing to place the livelihood of thousands of teenagers who need help in the hands of companies who just see them as profit. The Justice is not for Sale Act proposed by Senator Bernie Sanders would ban private prisons in America, but in the meantime, states, such as Florida need to start taking action on prison reform by not using the criminal justice system as a means for profit.Featured image via Flickr",0
7246," This Is Clinton’s Supreme Court Plan, And It Could Destroy Senate Republicans","Hillary Clinton is about to step up the fight against Senate Republicans and their refusal to give constitutional hearings to Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.Despite his impressive resume, including a stint prosecuting the worst domestic terrorist in America, most Republicans have refused to even give Garland a standard meeting, let alone give him an up or down vote in the Senate.In a speech about the Supreme Court that Clinton is scheduled to deliver at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, the Democratic front-runner is expected to single out Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley and challenge him to hold hearings on the nomination of Merrick Garland to fill the Supreme Court seat vacated last month by the death of Antonin Scalia, according to a campaign official.Clinton has spoken out forcefully against the Republicans  intransigence to hold nominating hearings, accusing the GOP of implicit racism in ignoring President Barack Obama s nominee, and noting that it has never taken the Senate more than 125 days to vote on a Supreme Court nomination.Even controversial Supreme Court nominees offered up by Republican presidents, like Justices Alito and Roberts and nominee Robert Bork, were given hearings and subjected to a vote by the U.S. Senate.Republicans have offered several phony excuses for the opposition to Garland, including the strange claim that the Senate shouldn t act on nominees in the last year of a presidency. Historical precedent has already shown that that isn t true.Republican leaders with no actual role in Garland s nomination, like Speaker Paul Ryan, have also chimed in against an up or down vote.But polling shows that an overwhelming majority of Americans, including many Republicans, believe that Garland deserves a fair hearing. In response, some Republicans have already given in on sitting down and having a discussion with the nominee, particularly those in blue or purple states who face re-election this year against strong Democratic candidates.The rest of the Republicans opposed to a Garland hearing are already facing the prospect of having their obstruction linked to highly unpopular presidential candidate Donald Trump. Trump has made the same arguments against a Garland hearing as his Republican allies, and some, like Senator John McCain (R-AZ) are facing advertising tying them in with Trump s position here, among others.Despite Arizona s history as a Republican state, the most recent polling has shown McCain tied with his Democratic challenger. Maybe he and his colleagues will stop the Garland blockade?Featured image via Flickr",0
7247," Ted Cruz Says He’s Innocent of Sex Scandal, Lie Detecting Experts Say He’s Lying (VIDEO)","Experts are saying that Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is being deceptive when he responded to allegations that he had extramarital affairs with five women, allegations originally published by the gossip magazine National Enquirer. One of the women apparently is Donald Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson, and the other is Carly Fiorina deputy campaign manager Sarah Isgur Flores. So Ted seems to have been quite busy, although the idea is quite gross to think about.Phil Houston developed a model to detect deception when he was employed by the Central Intelligence Agency. He has conducted thousands of interrogations for the CIA and other federal agencies. Houston said: Behaviorally, when the facts are the ally of an individual, he or she almost always tends to focus on the facts of the matter at hand. In this case, if the key fact was that he had not had these affairs, Cruz would almost certainly have been much more strongly focused on the denial. That is, he very likely would have made a point of explicitly stating something along the lines of,  I did not have these affairs.  Yet at no point in either statement did Cruz say that. He implied it by saying the allegations are false, and that they re lies, but behaviorally, such statements are not equivalent to saying he never had the affairs. Even if we were to overlook that fact and consider his statements to be a denial, there is an overwhelmingly higher proportion of attack behavior compared to the effort expended at denial. This type of lopsided attack-to-denial ratio is very consistent with what we have historically seen with deceptive people when allegations are levied against them. Houston was referencing Cruz s two statements denying the allegations, the first of which he posted on his Facebook page: I want to be crystal clear: these attacks are garbage. For Donald J. Trump to enlist his friends at the National Enquirer and his political henchmen to do his bidding shows you that there is no low Donald won t go. These smears are completely false, they re offensive to Heidi and me, they re offensive to our daughters, and they re offensive to everyone Donald continues to personally attack. Donald Trump s consistently disgraceful behavior is beneath the office we are seeking and we are not going to follow. He subsequently spoke about the scandal (you can watch the video below). Cruz said: The National Enquirer published a story. It is a story that quoted one source on the record: Roger Stone, Donald Trump s chief political advisor. Let me be clear, this National Enquirer story is garbage. It is complete and utter lies. It is a tabloid smear, and it is a smear that has come from Donald Trump and his henchmen. It is attacking my family, and what is striking is Donald s henchman, Roger Stone, had for months been foreshadowing that this attack was coming. It s not surprising that Donald Trump s tweet occurs the day before the attack comes out. And I would note that Mr. Stone is a man who has 50 years of dirty tricks behind him. He s a man for whom a term was coined for copulating with a rodent. Well let me be clear: Donald Trump may be a rat, but I have no desire to copulate with him. And this garbage does not belong in politics. The National Enquirer has endorsed Donald Trump, has said he must be President. And so Donald, when he s losing, when he s scared, when Republicans are uniting against him, decides to peddle sleaze and slime. You know, Donald is fond of giving people nicknames. With this pattern, he should not be surprised to see people calling him,  Sleazy Donald. Based on these two statements, Houston concluded:   Given the lack of additional information upon which to conduct a more comprehensive behavioral analysis, this is nothing more than our initial opinion and assessment, and we will continue to follow this matter very closely. At the same time, we cannot help but conclude at this point that it s not looking good for Sen. Cruz. There are other factors as well: Cruz is a known liar. In fact, he has lied repeatedly during his run for the Republican nomination and has a reputation as a liar throughout his political career. At one point, it was his campaign that sent out mailers that confused voters into believing they had committed some type of violation because they hadn t voted in the previous election in order to scare them into voting for him.  It was also his campaign that purposely duped voters into believing that Ben Carson had dropped out of the race during the Iowa caucuses in order to steal Carson s  votes.In his defense, it can be argued that it s hard to believe that five women, yes five not one, would want to sleep with the likes of Ted Cruz, whose policies are not only draconian, but who isn t exactly a looker either.However, If this expert is correct, then Cruz, who touts himself as a conservative family values man, will go down as one of the biggest GOP hypocrites in history and that s saying a lot because there have been quite a few GOP hypocrites.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YSCzik5uPM]Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
7248, Israel’s Head Rabbi: Non-Jews Can Only Live In Israel If They’re Our Servants,"There has been a consistent thread in Zionism that has called for the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians for over 100 years, and this thread has dominated both secular and religious Zionists on the grounds of creating and maintaining a majority Jewish state. Theodore Herzl, an atheist Jew, who is considered the father of political Zionism, advocated for the expulsion of the Palestinian people when he helped launch the Zionist experiment. Over 100 years later, there are millions of displaced Palestinians and millions of others who are under a brutal Israeli military occupation, and the calls for ethnic cleansing continue not only by secular Israeli Jews but religious Israeli Jews.A novice on Israel would assume that these calls are by individuals on the fringes of Israeli society. However, the latest call comes from Israel s Chief Sephardi Rabbi, Yitzhak Yosef. Yosef said that non-Jews should be forbidden to live in the  Land of Israel. Also striking is Yosef s views on non-Jews in the country, deeming them as inferior, a view shared by the vast majority of Israeli Jews toward the Palestinians. In fact, at the very most, Yosef believes that the Palestinians should be servants to the Jews. He said: If our hands were strong, if we had governing power, then non-Jews shouldn t live in the Land of Israel. But our hands aren t strong. We re awaiting our righteous Messiah, who will be the true and complete redemption, and then they ll do this. The reason some non-Jews are allowed to live in Israel is to serve the Jewish population. Who will be the servers? Who will be our assistants? Therefore, we leave them here in the land. It must be emphasized again that this is not an individual who is on the fringes of Israeli society. He is the chief rabbi of millions of Israelis who feel the exact same way. Moreover, just like Theodore Herzl and the early Zionists who set the seed of racism and ethnic cleansing, a majority of Israelis want Palestinians expelled from the land. That is alarming, given that the  Israeli government has life and death power over the Palestinians and right wing crazy Israeli settlers walk around Palestinian neighborhoods brandishing their weapons and terrorizing Palestinians.Unfortunately, the United States is Israel s enabler and we give them billions of dollars in weapons every year. One only need look at the embarrassing way our politicians grovel to the influential pro-Israel lobby (AIPAC), which has a stranglehold over US politicians. Have you ever wondered why most politicians fawn over Israel? It is because AIPAC can make or break a candidate if it deems him/her to be nonconformist to anything Israel.Yet, Americans also have a strong social justice fabric and if Americans new the nastiness of Israel s treatment of the Palestinians, we would collectively call on the boycott, divestment and sanctioning of Israel until it conforms to international law.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
7249, Andrea Mitchell SLAMS Donald Trump For Being A Complete Idiot On Foreign Policy (VIDEO),"When NBC News Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent Andrea Mitchell calls a presidential candidate  uneducated  on foreign policy, we should listen.Because that s precisely what she had to say about Republican front-runner Donald Trump on Sunday during an appearance on Meet The Press.Mitchell has been NBC s foreign affairs expert for over 20 years so she knows what she is talking about. So whenever Trump has opened his mouth to talk about international affairs, she is taken aback. He cannot stick to a subject. It is remarkable,  Mitchell told Chuck Todd.  And when he doesn t know something, he just changes the subject, and makes it all about himself. Todd had just referenced an interview where Trump changed the topic rather than answer a question about whether he would use a nuclear weapon against ISIS.Chuck Todd mentioned that national security talk is especially noticeable to people like Mitchell who have literally spent their careers keeping up with foreign policy. He would cancel defense treaties with Japan and South Korea against North Korea,  Mitchell said in reference to a Trump interview with the New York Times.  He would be okay if Japan and South Korea go nuclear. American policy for decades since World War II has been trying to keep nukes out of that arena. Then Mitchell explained how Trump would hurt America by cutting off our oil supply from Saudi Arabia if the Saudis refuse to pay the United States more money for defense, which would likely hit our economy like a ton of bricks as oil prices rise and the price of gas skyrockets. If we re going to make America less dependent on foreign oil, we have to do so gradually because all at once would be a disaster.But she was particularly concerned about the fact that Trump doesn t seem to understand that Iran isn t allowed to buy American planes, nor does he know that China is North Korea s biggest trading partner. He is completely all over the lot  Mitchell said.  On Iran, he complains that Iran isn t buying our planes. It had to be pointed out to him that Iran is still under sanctions and cannot buy American planes. He thinks North Korea and Iran are the biggest trading partners, when North Korea s biggest trading partner is China. And then she finished slaying Trump with a single line that should worry every American. He is completely uneducated about any part of the world. Todd went on to consult Katy Tur about what she has learned about Trump s lack of foreign policy chops, and she mentioned that Trump  doesn t understand the function  of US military bases around the world and  why they are there,  which would be a very important thing to know to be an effective commander-in-chief of our armed forces.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is an idiot when it comes to domestic policy and foreign policy, but considering the issues we face internationally whether it be terrorism, rising tensions in the Middle East, competing with China on the world economic stage, and dealing with a refugee crisis, the last thing America needs is a leader who doesn t know anything about any of these issues beyond campaign rhetoric that lasts a full sentence before the subject is changed.Presidents cannot just change the subject rather than deal with a foreign policy crisis. They have to figure out a solution to the problem and being uneducated about the situation to begin with doesn t exactly build confidence that the problem will be solved competently.And since Trump has proven that he can t do that, it doesn t make any sense whatsoever to elect him to the highest office in the land with a greatest responsibility in the world.Featured image: screenshot",0
7250, Trump’s New Reason For Suing The GOP Proves He’s Clueless To How Elections Work (TWEET),"As much as likely all of us want elections to be cut and dry, popular vote wins all, it s just not that simple. It s a game, and if you choose to play you have to abide by the rules, you can t change them halfway through. Frustrating, sure? Illegal. No.Showing more than ever that he s a newcomer to the whole politicking world, Trump took to Twitter, yet again, to air his grievances about the political process.In yet another temper tantrum, Trump said: Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming. Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 27, 2016Well, first of all, here are the results of the Louisiana Republican primary:via New York TimesAnd yes, while he did win, as per party rules, the delegates were split, and Cruz didn t win more, he won t the same. However, Cruz may end up picking up some more, which is probably why Trump got his Underoos in a bunch. BUT this doesn t mean anything (at all) was done improperly. Per the Wall Street Journal: Mr. Cruz s supporters also seized five of Louisiana s six slots on the three powerful committees that will write the rules and platform at the Republican National Convention and mediate disputes over delegates  eligibility this summer in Cleveland.The little-noticed inside maneuvering that led to this outcome in Louisiana is another dramatic illustration of the inside game that could have an outsize influence on the bitter race for the GOP nomination. Sketchy? Yes. Illegal? No. Sure, it goes to show how devious politicking can get, but in regards to Trump, well, you can t change the rules once you start playing the game. Trump chose to enter the race as a Republican, and everything that is happening can and likely will be done to make sure Trump s not the nominee, much like with what s happening on the Democratic side. Hell, as much as Bernie Sanders wants to complain about Democratic superdelegates, his senior adviser Tad Devine helped put together the system. And again, you can t change the rules after you decide to play. Both Trump and Sanders are outsiders who willfully chose to play an insiders game. Either could have run as an independent, but both chose a party ticket for a better chance, and to their credit have done rather well.The Wall Street Journal also noted: While Mr. Trump leads in winning primary and caucus elections, and has won more delegates, the Cruz campaign is proving superior at the arcane game of picking the people who will be the actual delegates to the convention, where they will help write the rules and ultimately choose the nominee.That means that if Mr. Trump fails to reach the delegate threshold to claim the GOP nomination on the convention s first ballot, committees dominated by Cruz supporters could work to block him from winning enough delegates to claim the nomination on any subsequent ballots. Trump can threaten to sue all he wants, or even actually sue, but at the end of the day it just goes to show how much of a political novice he truly is. He needs to realize that while everyone else is playing Chess to skillfully maneuver their way to the nomination, he s still playing Candy Land.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
7251, WATCH: New ‘Birdie’ Sanders Ad Celebrates RESOUNDING Weekend Victories,"Bernie Sanders is on fire, especially after this weekend s resounding victories in Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii, which  have propelled the Democratic presidential hopeful s campaign to unprecedented momentum as the Democratic primary moves forward. Speaking in front of a crowd of thousands in Wisconsin on Saturday, Sanders said:  Let me begin by thanking the people of Alaska for giving us a resounding victory tonight. We are making significant inroads in Secretary Clinton s lead and we have with your support coming here to Wisconsin, we have a path toward victory. Alright, are you ready for a news alert? We just won the state of Washington. The crowd then erupted. Now, there s a new ad that celebrates those weekend victories with Bernie dancing to the tune of the song The bird is the word, which plays off of the bird that landed on a podium earlier in the week while Sanders was speaking in Portland, Oregon, hence the new nickname Birdie Sanders. The ad highlights the landslide victories in Washington and Alaska on Saturday, and Idaho and Utah earlier in the week.The victories are quite impressive because of the sheer number of voters who overwhelmingly supported Sanders. In Idaho, he won with 78% of the vote. While in Utah he received 79%, Alaska 81%, Washington 72%, and Hawaii with 70%.The Sanders  campaign definitely seems to be gaining momentum towards the possibility getting the Democratic nomination. It will be interesting to see how this may help him going forward through upcoming primaries.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOgd3kmaosc]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7252, Trump Was Asked Point-Blank About Internment Camps For Muslims – Here’s His Chilling Response,"Appearing on ABC s This Week with host Jonathan Karl, Donald Trump was asked about if he would  categorically rule out the idea of internment camps for American Muslims. Let s just start out by saying that the fact that the front-runner for the Republican nomination for President of the United States is actually being asked this question is beyond terrifying. The reality of a Trump presidency is very real, and we need to make sure we are listening to him very carefully. This includes, but is not limited to, reading between the lines of his very calculated language to dodge questions and pivot to more optically friendly topics that will put him in a more positive light amongst his rabid followers.Karl asked: So let me ask you, you said that Islam is at war with us. A lot of people wonder, given some of your proposals, whether or not you would go the next step towards internment camps. And I know you ve never proposed that. But let me just ask you here now, would you categorically rule out the idea of internment camps for American Muslims? This is when Trump pulled the classic non-answer of  no, but  which insinuates full-well, he s not ruling anything out, and he still puts the sole blame on all Muslims for not reporting things they don t see, assuming all Muslims are in the know of terrorist plots being made. Trump told Karl: rule it out but we would have to be very vigilant. We re going to have to be very smart. We re going to have to be very rigid and very vigilant. And if we re not very, very strong and very, very smart, we have a big, big problem coming up. We ve already had the problem. Check out the World Trade Center, OK, check out the Pentagon. We ve already had the problem. But I would   I would say you have to be extremely strong. You have to keep your eyes open.And by the way, Muslims in our country have to report bad acts, OK? When you look at what happened in Europe, in Brussels, where many, many people knew this thug from last week, was living right in the midst of them, right only a few doors down from where he was living previously, they knew he was there. Nobody reported him. When you hear someone say,  no, but  that s like hearing someone say,  I m not racist, but  and they go on to say something ridiculously racist. Trump is saying he d rule out internment camps in a very quick response to then fully pivot away to blaming all Muslims. Keep in mind, he s already insinuated in the past that he would have  had to be there  to decide if Japanese internment camps were a good idea or not during World War II. He keeps saying no, but then always leaves open the possibility. It doesn t take much to read between the lines. Unless, of course, you refuse to even look.You can t blame the entirety of everyone who follows a religion for the outrageous and horrific acts of a radical few who pervert the religion to suit their own morbid desires of sadistic control over a populace. You just can t. 1.6 billion people worldwide follow the religion of Islam. That s 23 percent of the global population Trump is blaming for the acts of the radical few. His simplistic and naive world view is not only extraordinarily narrow-minded and stupid, but extremely dangerous.We simply cannot allow Trump to become president. If you re still treating his candidacy like a joke   stop. This is very scary, and will have very real consequences.Featured Photo by John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
7253, Donald Trump Effigies Burned Across Mexico During Easter Ritual (IMAGE),"Traditionally, during Mexico s celebration of Holy Week citizens gather in the streets to burn effigies of the infamous Judas Iscariot, the biblical character who is said to have betrayed Jesus.This year, however, the figure of Judas Iscariot was replaced with the effigy of Donald Trump.According to Reuters: In Mexico City s poor La Merced neighborhood, hundreds of cheering residents yelled  death  and various insults as they watched the explosion of the grinning papier-m ch  mock-up of the real estate tycoon, replete with blue blazer, red tie and his trademark tuft of blond hair. Reuters reports that similar rituals were seen across Mexico, from Puebla to Monterrey.According to scholars, the Holy Week effigy burnings are a way of bringing the people together, helping to unite them around a common enemy.Effigies are burned on the night before Easter, which is celebrated throughout Mexico as  Black Saturday. During Black Saturday, burning effigies of Judas in towns like San Miguel de Allende are rampant because it symbolizes his treachery, however, Mexicans would also create effigies that resemble corrupt and  Satanic  politicians. It s clear that the people of Mexico have no love for Donald Trump. And why would they? His racist comments about the Mexican people have been shockingly ignorant and offensive.Trump s presidential campaign has lit a fire of fury across the entire country, provoking angry comments from government officials and sparking anti-Trump protests along with Mexican-American border.Felipe Linares, the artist who created the paper-mache effigy of Trump which was burned in Mexico City, told Reuters that his family has been making Judas Iscariot effigies for more than fifty years.When asked why he decided to make a Trump effigy this year, Linares said, Since he started his campaign and began talking about immigrants, Mexico, and Mexicans, I said  I ve got to get this guy.' Here s an image of the Donald Trump effigy created by Linares burning in Mexico City.YURI CORTEZ/AFP/Getty Images Featured image credit YURI CORTEZ/AFP/Getty Images",0
7254, Right-Wing Bigots Chased Away By Police In Brussels With Water Cannons (VIDEO),"This is how Brussels deals with right-wing extremists.The March Against Fear in Brussels, Belgium kicked off on Sunday despite threats from right-wingers and a suggestion on Saturday that it be postponed due to security concerns.The march was planned in the aftermath of terrorist attacks by ISIS that left over 30 dead and hundreds injured as a way to fight back against right-wing efforts to demonize all Muslims and as a way to to stand up to terrorists and say that their attacks will not disrupt our society.But as thousands gathered in Place de la Bourse to pay tribute to those who lost their lives, right-wing protesters arrived in an effort to derail the march.The hateful protesters harassed Muslims with Nazi salutes and offensive language until the police had finally had enough.At that point, they turned water cannons on the right-wingers and chased them up the street as the marchers cheered.Here s the video via Twitter.JUST IN: Police fire water cannon after tensions rose between protesters near #Brussels square. https://t.co/WW598sDJfk  MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 27, 2016In the United States, right-wing leaders like Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have ramped up their bigoted and hateful rhetoric ever since the bombings occurred.Trump has called for torturing Muslims and banning them from entering the country while Cruz has called for mass surveillance and police patrols of Muslim communities.Trump s own violent and racist rhetoric has drawn the support of extreme right-wing groups such as neo-Nazis and the KKK.Republicans even used the attacks to score cheap political points against President Obama, who was in the middle of the first trip to Cuba by a sitting American commander-in-chief since Calvin Coolidge 80 years ago. They demanded Obama drop everything to return home in a panic and lock himself in the Situation Room of the White House or travel to Belgium, either of which would have only made the situation worse Instead, President Obama remained calm and offered his condolences and support to Belgium s Prime Minister and continued his trip. As right-wingers in the United States panicked and let ISIS control them with fear, Obama refused to let the terrorists win.Perhaps we should think about using water cannons on right-wingers. Maybe that will cool them off next time they try to use a terrorist attack to spread hate and fear. Featured image via screen capture",0
7255, WATCH: Trump Aide Goes Into A Bizarre Rant While Evading Sexism Allegations,"On Sunday, on CNN s State of the Union, Trump campaign spokesman Stephen Miller got into a bizarre argument with the show s host Jake Tapper.Tapper questioned whether Trump s recent attack on Ted Cruz s wife was befitting of a person running for president. In an apparent attempt to bring the GOP primary election to its rock bottom, Trump recently took to Twitter where he retweeted a photo that attacked Cruz s wife. The image showed two photos, one of Cruz s wife and one of Trump s wife. The image had a weird threat written on it, which said,  No need to spill the beans. The images are worth a thousand words. Miller defended the retweet earlier in the week during an earlier interview on CNN.He wanted to evade the question at all costs, so he decided to try and steer the conversation towards immigration.Tapper wasn t having it. He pressed the issue, and that s when Miller got a little erratic. Miller said: We get wrong what we re mad about in America! We don t get mad when Americans are murdered by illegal immigrants. We don t get mad when people have their jobs taken by cheaper foreign workers here on visa programs. We don t get mad when entire cities are crushed by our trade policies that send jobs overseas. Tapper wasn t going to let Miller off the hook that easy. He continued to press Miller, stating that he doesn t want to know why Miller was being so evasive. You want to get into an argument? Then we ll get into an argument!  Miller exclaimed.  He just accused me of standing up for sexism, and that is absolutely inappropriate! Miller continued, saying: I said in that interview that it is a trivial issue to be debating retweets when it is a fact you have Americans dying every single day as a result of immigration policies! Americans all over this country see their communities destroyed by uncontrolled migration. The irony of the interview is that Miller is using evasion tactics that Cruz is famous for. When pressed on social issues, Cruz often jumps to a completely different topic. This was best exemplified when reporters asked Cruz about his stance on LGBT issues, particularly his lack of support for gay marriage. Cruz, then inexplicably went into a rant about the dangers of the Islamic State.You can watch the segment below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaKL5HFa4ZAFeatured image from video screenshot ",0
7256, Bundy Militia Fans Continue Threats To Kill Oregon Authorities,"More than two months after Bundy Militia idiot Robert  LaVoy  Finicum was shot and killed during a standoff with federal and state police, authorities say officials are still receiving death threats.According to reports, the police have documented at least 80 threats against various officials okay   including Governor Kate Brown. One Bundy fan club member left a message at the governor s office saying: You killed an unarmed rancher, so now one of you must die. The Seattle Times reports:The governor s office reported Friday that threats related to the standoff and Finicum shooting continue to come in against Brown.One email demanded the release of refuge occupiers jailed on federal charges. It also demanded indictments for the officers involved in Finicum s death. If that doesn t happen, the writer said,  I am going to begin returning fire. Last month, the FBI released video of the shooting that left Finicum dead, and you can clearly see that he was reaching for his weapon when police opened fire. In spite of video evidence that exonerated the officers and proved that the imbecile known as  Tarp Man  was a violent thug, right-wingers insist the shooting was not justified. And to make things right, they want to murder police officers and the governor. That s insane.In addition to the continued death threats, authorities discovered that people hell-bent on retaliation are  aggressively hunting  the names of the officers who were involved in the shooting. This further highlights how important it is to keep those names from the public according to Malheur County District Attorney Dan Norris.Although the governor has said the officers names will eventually be released, it s definitely better that they are kept quiet right now. The people who are making the threats are missing some screws. It doesn t matter how much evidence is put forth that proves their outrage is completely unfounded, they ve made up their minds. Their actions are proof of what constant anti-government rhetoric does to people. And there is one party to blame for that: Republicans.For years, Tea Party Republicans have been spewing hate to their voters and telling them the government wants to hurt them. They do this knowing that the sovereign citizen movement that the Bundy Militia belonged to is one of the biggest threats to law enforcement. So, the next time you hear conservatives saying, Blue lives matter!  Show them this and tell them .Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
7257, Robert DeNiro Axes Anti-Vaxxer Movie From Tribeca Film Festival,"The Tribeca Film Festival is one of the most respected artistic events in the film industry. However, it has been embroiled in controversy as Robert DeNiro and other organizers had allowed a film into the festival that pushes anti-vaxxer nonsense. DeNiro had originally insisted that the film should be shown, in order to show alternative viewpoints regarding the vaccination debate. However, after the public was rightfully outraged that DeNiro was giving credibility to these anti-science viewpoints, he released the following statement, saying that the film would not be shown: My intent in screening this film was to provide an opportunity for conversation around an issue that is deeply personal to me and my family. But after reviewing it over the past few days with the Tribeca Film Festival team and others from the scientific community, we do not believe it contributes to or furthers the discussion I had hoped for. Of course, the people behind this piece of propaganda are screaming that its removal from the film festival is censorship. Their statement on the development says: To our dismay, we learned today about the Tribeca Film Festival s decision to reverse the official selection of Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe. It is our understanding that persons from an organization affiliated with the festival have made unspecified allegations against the film,  the statement continued.  We have just witnessed yet another example of the power of corporate interests censoring free speech, art, and truth. Tribeca s action will not succeed in denying the world access to the truth behind the film Vaxxed. The film is directed by none other than Andrew Wakefield, the doctor who started the whole anti-vaxx movement with a bogus study in 1998. His so-called research has been completely discredited, but the damage has been done. The anti-vaxx movement is stronger than ever, and is a major public health risk. This isn t about censorship; it s about protecting the lives and health of the public.I am very glad that Robert DeNiro did the right thing and pulled this ridiculous film from the film festival. This movement does not need anymore juice than it already has.Featured image via Frenchculture.org",0
7258, California Democrats To Raise Minimum Wage In State To $15 An Hour,"California Democrats are taking a page from Oregon s book and appear set to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour despite gloom and doom predictions from Republicans.Lawmakers are prepared to vote for a gradual increase of wages that would not only give workers $15 an hour by 2022, it would also tie future wage raises to inflation, which has been a longtime goal of progressives such as Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders.According to the Los Angeles Times: The negotiated deal would boost California s statewide minimum wage from $10 an hour to $10.50 on Jan. 1, 2017, with a 50-cent increase in 2018 and then $1-per-year increases through 2022. Businesses with fewer than 25 employees would have an extra year to comply, delaying their workers receiving a $15 hourly wage until 2023. Governor Jerry Brown and his Democratic allies compromised with labor unions on the raise after unions successfully got wage initiatives on the November ballot that would have increase the wage from $10 an hour to $15 an hour immediately rather than over a period of time.The new deal would give businesses and the government time to prepare for wage increases instead of having to deal with them all at once.But the bottom line is that California is about to join Oregon as the second blue state to step up to lead the nation on the minimum wage and treating workers well.Oregon Governor Kate Brown signed her state s minimum wage bill into law earlier this month, drawing praise from labor unions and President Obama, who called the effort one that  will boost the paychecks of hardworking Americans and help support millions of workers trying to make ends meet  and urged Congress to do the same.But Republicans refuse to do anything that will help American workers at a time when wealthy CEOs are raking in profits at record numbers while their hardworking employees struggle to survive on a daily basis. Many Republican-controlled state legislatures have even passed laws banning cities and counties from raising the local minimum wage on their own, which makes it incredibly clear that Republicans don t care about the the strife of workers and their families while Democrats are consistently proving that they are committed to helping Americans do more than just get by. Featured image via Wikimedia",0
7259," Microsoft Forced To Remove Racist, Sexist Robot From The Internet (IMAGES)","After only 16 hours, Microsoft was forced to pull the company s experimental  chat bot  from Twitter.Microsoft s chat bot, which the company had nicknamed Tay, was introduced to Twitter earlier this week. The bot was designed to interact with people on social media.While internet bots are nothing new, Tay was unique because of the bot s ability to learn new things from the people it interacted with on Twitter.It didn t take the Internet long to teach Tay how to be a full-blown racist, sexist asshole.Image credit: TayTweets on Twitter, via the Los Angeles TimesAnother unique feature of Microsoft s wonder bot was that it would repeat anything a Twitter user told it to.Here s a screen capture of what that looked like, courtesy of the International Business Times: Image credit: TayTweets courtesy of International Business TimesApparently none of the geniuses at Microsoft saw any of that coming when they developed a chat bot that would learn from, and repeat after, everyone on the Internet.Before Microsoft finally removed the bot from Twitter, it had tweeted out nearly every offensive, racist, sexist comment the Internet could come up with.Tay tweeted, Hitler was right I hate the jews,  and I f  hate feminists and they should all die and burn in hell. Not surprisingly, considering the people the bot was interacting with on the Internet, Tay repeatedly praised Donald Trump and his racist agenda, even tweeting at one point, We re going to build a wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it. After removing the bot from the Internet, Microsoft issued an apology for its inappropriate and offensive tweets, saying in a statement: We are deeply sorry for the unintended offensive and hurtful tweets from Tay, which do not represent who we are or what we stand for, nor how we designed Tay. The statement went on to say: Although we had prepared for many types of abuses of the system, we had made a critical oversight for this specific attack. As a result, Tay tweeted wildly inappropriate and reprehensible words and images. We take full responsibility for not seeing this possibility ahead of time. It seems to me that anyone who has spent even a little bit of time on the Internet would have absolutely seen this possibility ahead of time.Image credit: screen capture TayTweets on Twitter via International Business Times ",0
7260, Miley Cyrus Scores Huge Points With This Brutal Attack On Donald Trump (IMAGE),"Being a middle-aged man whose only experience with Miley Cyrus is a daughter raised on Hannah Montana and a dislike for her music, I was surprised to find out what an incredible person she s grown into. It wasn t until I came across a post on her Instagram account about one Donald J. Trump that was less than flattering that I decided to take a look at just who she s become.It wasn t long before I found myself feeling terrible about the way I ve allowed a pre-conceived notion about a pop/country singer whose voice I don t like stand in the way of admiring an absolutely remarkable young woman. Ms. Cyrus currently supports 41 charities and 30 causes, most of which are favorites of liberals like me. On top of that, Miley is possibly the most outspoken  voice against Donald Trump I ve heard to date.Miley s Instagram account is chock full of shots at the Donald, which he apparently isn t taking seriously considering his lack of drunken rants towards her on Twitter. Little does The Donald know that Miley Cyrus may seem like a mere nuisance to be swatted away, but her age and popularity paint the picture of a youngster who can impact The Donald s ability to secure the youth vote. Her latest post, for example, is pushing 200K likes on the increasingly popular social media platform, showing that this is one woman not to be trifled with:  Trump can't stop won't stop saying stupid ass sexist shit!!!! Comparing two women! Are you fucking kidding! We will not allow you to destroy everything we have overcome as women! I feel as though we are stronger than ever as a unit. We have an understanding and respect for one another (more than trump can say about anyone, his fellow candidates, other races and religions , other public figures , just HUMAN BEINGS in general, and of course animals! Check out his family hunting photos!!!!) it's absolute insanity that this has gone on this long and far! Wake me up from this nightmare someone PLEASE!A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Mar 25, 2016 at 4:56am PDTTo listen to her speak makes me sorry I haven t paid more attention to what I must now consider an incredible voice. Does that mean I ll be downloading  Wrecking Ball  from iTunes? Certainly not, but the next time my now teenage daughter asks me if she can buy a Cyrus song, the answer will be: Absolutely, but before you do I d like you to take a look at the person behind that song; she s pretty fantastic. Tolerance and the ability to learn is what separates liberals from conservatives. If you re not a Miley Cyrus fan because you don t her music or her antics at the Video Music Awards, have a look into how she spends her time outside of work and you ll find a woman whose ideologies will hopefully help inspire a generation to better the world they live in.Featured image from Instagram",0
7261, This Christian Minister Just Gave A 4 Minute Speech On Discrimination That Should Be Mandatory To Watch (VIDEO),"Red states from coast to coast have been engaged in the despicable act of discriminating against the transgender community using, go figure, religion and fear as the instruments of their hate. Their aim is to pass bigoted laws that make simple things like using the bathroom as difficult as possible.The far-right religious zealots who control legislatures in states like Texas want you to believe there s some kind of connection between the LGBT community and pedophilia. Add to that their cherry-picked verses from the bible that forbid anything other than what they perceive as  righteous  and  moral  and you have the perfect storm of stupid, demonizing people for being born different than they were.Unfortunately, they have a massive following of bigots, also known as  Republicans,  who agree with them that those darned transgender people shouldn t be allowed to pee in the restrooms marked for their identity. Those men and women affected have responded in kind, reminding people across social media that they aren t looking to sneak a peek or carry out some kind of perverted attack on straight people or children. This man, born a woman, makes his point by taking selfies in women s bathrooms, posting with the hashtag #WeJustNeedToPee.You asked me to keep doing selfies, so please keep re-tweeting them! MSNBC on Wednesday! #occupotty #wejustneedtopee pic.twitter.com/ofoVSvHJHG  Michael C. Hughes (@_michaelhughes1) March 15, 2015One Christian minister in Texarkana took a stand against the discrimination by standing up for equality in a 4-minute speech that took all of the religious objections of the right-wing zealots and tossed them out the window with a vengeance. Along with a lesson in the love Christ taught in all of his messages, the minister names off an impressive list of Christ s churches who preach it as well. Equality is NOT something people who actually worship Christ oppose. People who use his name to promote fear and ignorance are the worst kind of hypocrites. This is four minutes of calling out that hypocrisy that should be mandatory to watch:https://www.facebook.com/OneWorldVoice/videos/598767663633145/?__mref=message_bubbleFeatured image from screen capture ",0
7262, NYPD Commissioner OBLITERATES Ted Cruz’s ‘Fictional’ Knowledge Of Counterterrorism,"In an op-ed that puts to rest any notion that Ted Cruz knows what he s talking about when it comes to terrorism and national security, NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton did not hold back.In the wake of the ISIS attack on Brussels, the Texas Senator went on camera to call for mass surveillance of Muslims in communities across the country as well as increased police patrols in those neighborhoods. Because spying on and treating Muslims like criminals is going to somehow prevent them from radicalizing.Not so, says Bratton, who wrote in his op-ed in New York Daily News that what Cruz believes about Muslims is  fiction  and that the outcome he seeks is a  fairy tale. Recently, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called for police to  patrol and secure Muslim communities before they become radicalized.  We already patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods, the same way we patrol and secure other neighborhoods,  Bratton wrote.We do not  patrol and secure  neighborhoods based on selective enforcement because of race or religion, nor will we use the police and an occupying force to intimidate a populace or a religion to appease the provocative chatter of politicians seeking to exploit fear.Nor will we accept the fiction of Sen. Cruz s narrative as presented. Cruz repeated the false reports surrounding the NYPD Demographics Unit and my decision to abolish it because it wasn t serving any useful purpose. He tried to depict the demise of the unit, as other ill-informed observers have done, as a knuckling under to the forces of political correctness rather than the sensible administrative decision that it was. The fact is that the former administration had allowed the unit to dwindle down to two investigators. Why? Because the work of the unit, which was to map the ethnic makeup of the city to better understand the domain of the New York metropolitan area, was finished. The two remaining detectives simply had little to do.Bratton then dropped the hammer on Cruz. It is clear from his comments that Sen. Cruz knows absolutely nothing about counterterrorism in New York City. We have in this city, without a doubt, the most effective and extensive counterterrorism capacity of any city in this country and virtually any city in the world. Bratton went on to literally list the taskforces that work hard to provide counterterrorism for New York City, including the Joint-Terrorism Task Force with the FBI, Critical Response Command, NYPD Counterterrorism Bureau, NYPD Intelligence Bureau, and the NYPD Domain Awareness System.In the end, Bratton explained that over 900 police officers under his command are Muslims who work hard to keep the city and their own families safe from terrorists every day and schooled Cruz on the Constitution before cautioning him to actually do some damn research before opening his mouth again.Sen. Cruz s references to the discontinuance of the Demographics Unit shows he has been hoodwinked by a 21st century fairy tale that refuses to die. He uses it in tandem with his suggestions that the police create a looming presence to intimidate Muslim neighborhoods with a show of force.In New York City, we protect all communities from crime and terrorism   yes, Muslim communities too   because like us, they are Americans who own businesses, work hard, pay taxes and dream of a better life for their children. Over 900 of them work in my police department as police officers, many of them in counterterrorism and intelligence. Many of them have served in the military and fought for their country. We police our city not by campaign slogans or inflammatory rhetoric, but by an old piece of parchment called the U.S. Constitution and another called the Bill of Rights.Ted Cruz and others seem to be willing to sideline these principles because what they stand for shifts with the tide of the campaign and the shrillness of the name-calling. But as it has been said, when you stand for nothing, you will fall for anything. Sen. Cruz needs to do some homework before he speaks again.Enough said.Featured image via Flickr",0
7263, WATCH: Bernie Sanders Makes MAJOR Announcement At Rally and Thousands Go Crazy,"The mood at Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders  rallies is always electrifying. Whether he s in big cities like Chicago or in small town America, Sanders has taken the nation by storm. This was all on display on Saturday in Wisconsin when Bernie Sanders made a major announcement and the crowd erupted.Sanders was talking about his victory in Alaska to a crowd of thousands when he received a private message. Sanders then said: Alright, are you ready for a news alert? We just won the state of Washington! That is what momentum is about. That s when the crowd went nuts. Sanders not only won Washington, but he won resoundingly in a record turnout where he picked up 73% of the vote. He also won big in Hawaii and received a whopping 83% of the vote in Alaska.Sanders is clearly poised to beat Republican candidate and frontrunner Donald Trump in a general election as polls show him not only winning but landsliding the bombastic billionaire should the two face off in a general election. In fact, Sanders easily defeats all of the remaining Republican candidates head to head.The electrifying support and enthusiasm Bernie Sanders has received all over the country just increased after his resounding and convincing victories in three states, making the race closer and his pursuit of the Democratic nomination more likely.Watch video here:Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7264," Sorry, Republicans, Workers Just Got A Major Win In This State","California has just become the latest and biggest state where workers will now receive an increase in the minium wage, up to $15 an hour.The proposed deal would see the wage increase in the state, from $10 an hour.The Los Angeles Times, which first reported the deal, said the wage would rise to $10.50 in 2017, to $11 an hour in 2018, and one dollar per year to take it to $15 by 2022. Businesses with fewer than 25 employees would have an extra year to comply.At $10 an hour, California already has one of the highest minimum wages in the nation along with Massachusetts. Only Washington, D.C., at $10.50 per hour is higher. The hike to $15 would make it the highest statewide wage in the nation by far, though raises are in the works in other states that might change by the time the plateau is reached in 2022.The ongoing campaign to increase the minimum wage in America, dubbed  the fight for fifteen,  has received support in the states most often as part of laws enacted pertaining to government employees and not the population as a whole. Oregon has enacted legislation upping pay in urban areas, while the city of Seattle passed a minimum wage increase ordinance.Ahead of the 2014 midterm elections, Democrats introduced a bill to increase the national minimum wage to $15. Despite having a majority of the votes in the Senate, the bill failed because enough Republicans opposed it reaching the critical requirement of 60 votes in favor.On the Democratic side of the presidential race, both Clinton and Sanders have backed minimum wage increase ballot initiatives, with Sanders often being more aggressive than Clinton in backing the most progressive iterations of the legislation.Republican presidential candidates have often opposed attempts to raise the wage, with some using the excuse that it would add to the cost of goods even though research indicates that this could easily be absorbed by companies while also preserving fat profits.Featured image via Flickr",0
7265, Whoops: The Damning Email Scott Walker Staffers Forgot To Shred,"The Wisconsin Department of Justice just released an email that was exchanged between members of the Scott Walker administration that is so outrageous it has to be read to be believed.The document was sent by Wisconsin s former corrections secretary Ed Wall, to Scott Walker aide Rich Zipperer.Wall is currently on paid leave, as the FBI and state attorney general s office conduct a massive investigation into allegations of abuse inside Wisconsin s juvenile prison system.According to the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel, Wall is just one of many members of Walker s administration implicated in the juvenile sex abuse scandal.The Journal Sentinel reports,  State officials at the highest levels have known of attacks and sexual assaults at the prison without either contacting or fully disclosing the details to county officials, family members of victims and even law enforcement,  since at least February 2012.The paper goes on to say: The pattern of not sharing glaring problems continued for years, and meaningful change came only after the public learned late last year of the probe into Lincoln Hills and the sister facility on its campus, Copper Lake School for Girls. The email exchanged between Wall and Walker s aide sheds a light on what might have been going on in Walker s administration, which would impede the sharing of information.Details of the email, published by the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel here, indicate that these Walker officials would do just about anything to avoid transparency.Wall wrote: I know that you didn t want me sending this electronically or to the office because of the (open) records issue, so I elected instead to send it to your home in writing and would ask that you feel free to shred it once you ve looked it over. Nobody will know that I sent it and this is strictly between you and me. I understand the concern the administration has over creating records, Rich, but I can t let that harm me or my family worse that we ve already been harmed. Wall asked that he be reinstated to his old job, and went on to say that he didn t want to have to get a lawyer to make it happen. He also implied that the governor himself was on his side in the matter.In a statement to the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel, Wall s attorney referred to the statements in the email as  an unfortunate use of language. Meanwhile, Scott Walker spokesperson Laurel Patrick pointed to the fact that the document wasn t shredded, as a way to show how honest and transparent the Walker administration is.If anything, the fact that this email wasn t shredded is just one more indication of how completely incapable Walker officials are of doing anything right.For once though, the bungling of Walker staffers might actually help the citizens of Wisconsin, instead of hurting them.Now that Wall s email has been inadvertently exposed to the public, the people of Wisconsin have a better idea of what they re fighting against. Beyond that, federal and state investigators now have a better idea of what it will take to shut Walker s criminal enterprise down once and for all.Featured image via Wikipedia ",0
7266, Republicans Are Trying To Legislate How We Grieve,"Republicans are repulsive people. This is a known fact. But the latest attempt in Indiana to legislate how we mourn takes it to a whole new level:The law says that  a miscarried or aborted fetus must be interred or cremated by a facility having possession of the remains,  and requires  a person or facility having possession of a miscarried or aborted fetus to ensure that the miscarried fetus or aborted fetus is preserved until final disposition occurs. It doesn t matter how far along the pregnancy is. Normally when a pregnancy ends earlier than 20 weeks, the  products of conception  (fetal tissue and the placenta) are treated like any other medical waste. After 20 weeks, the fetus is considered a  stillbirth  and the parents typically have the option to cremate or bury it if they choose.So even if a woman has a miscarriage at 8 weeks of pregnancy at home, under this law she could be required to keep the blood and tissue, take it to a hospital, and have it buried or cremated by a funeral home.Several other states have also passed similar laws (care to guess what color they are on the electoral map?).But why do this?For the last several years, I ve asked pro- life  proponents who insist that fertilized eggs and zygotes and fetuses are fully realized people a very basic question: If this is the case, why is it that no culture on the planet hold funerals for miscarriages or abortions?No one has been able to offer a coherent answer and for good reason: No one has a funeral for a miscarriage because miscarriages are not people.So Republicans are trying to redefine how we view miscarriages. They want us to consider them the moral and legal equivalent of the death of a child. Even if the  child  in this case is an 8-week-old microscopic collection of cells.Let that sink in for a moment: Republicans, the party of  small government,  are literally telling you how to grieve. I can t imagine a more intrusive abuse of government short of prima nocta.Sort of. 2006 was a rough year and my wife and I suffered two miscarriages. We buried the sonograms of two lost pregnancies, planted a tree and set up a plaque:You d think that I would be proof that miscarriages are people worthy of mourning. But you d be very wrong. We were not mourning a lost child, we were mourning the lost possibilities. I have three children now and I can tell you without reservation that I would rather face 1000 miscarriages than lose one of them. There simply is no comparison.Anyone that claims they would be just as hurt by the loss of a fetus as they would a child they held in their arms is, at best, a liar and at worst, a monster that thinks very little of their children.That Republicans would try to further traumatize women by legislating their grief is a reflection of how cruel and debased the party has become.Featured image via simplyoloni.com",0
7267," Cruz Makes Baffling Bestiality Joke About Trump, Marks New Low Point In Campaign","Ted Cruz has been on the warpath recently after Republican front-runner Donald Trump made several sexist comments about this wife. However, his tough guy act was tempered by the fact that his loyalty to the Republican Party meant that he would not refuse to vote for Trump if it came down to it. Instead, when asked point blank by a reporter whether he would support Trump as nominee, Cruz fumbled for an answer and quickly became a laughingstock.In the days since, Cruz seems to have found a spine, and signaled that he would finally be ready to never vote for Trump, even if he wins the nomination. I don t make a habit out of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my family,  Cruz told reporters at a news conference.At the event, Cruz also addressed rumors that he had had affairs with as many as five women by pinning the attacks on Trump. We have done nothing to his family, and we will not. But Donald was unhappy with the news of the day, unhappy with losing elections, was unhappy with his dangerous ignorance of foreign policy being revealed on the world stage, so he decided to engage in a personal attack directed at my wife,  Cruz saidBut Cruz had to ruin what could have been a moment that showed he had a bit of integrity by immediately making a bizarre bestiality joke directed at Trump that was just plain creepy. Another in a long line of examples of how something just seems  off  with Cruz. Trump may be a rat, but I have no desire to copulate with him. And this garbage does not belong in politics. Uh, what?Cruz had perhaps wanted to politely suggest that Trump was a  ratf*cker  (classy), but instead wound up seeming to suggest that he himself likes having sex with rats, just not rats named Trump.It was decidedly one of the lowest points in a presidential race that has featured more than its fair share of rock bottoms. Neither Trump nor Cruz seem to have any problem lying, cheating, or stealing their way to victory. As the two grow closer in the polls, the vicious attacks have become more personal and more ugly. It seems impossible to imagine a scenario where Republicans find a way to come together after this. Their two top prospects have run scorched earth campaigns against each others families and friends. The resentment will likely glow red hot for years.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
7268, Here’s Why A Homeless Man Refused To Come Down From A Giant Tree (VIDEO),"On March 22, Cody Lee Miller, a homeless man who calls the streets of Seattle, Washington his residence, climbed to the top of an eighty-foot tree.Over the next 25 hours, the city of Seattle watched anxiously as Miller refused all attempts by authorities to coax him down from his perch at the top of the giant conifer.People snapped pictures and took cell phone video, posting to Twitter under the hashtag #manintree.The Seattle Times, Washington Post, Detroit News, USA Today and other media outlets around the country covered the story as it unfolded.Image credit: @VixenRogue via TwitterAt various times Miller threw pine cones and tree branches at rescue workers, as they attempted to coax him down.Watch the video from USA Today on YouTube below.At other times, his behavior seemed even more reckless.Image credit: RT America via Twitter.Toward the end of the day, he built a makeshift bed among the branches where he apparently fell asleep for the night. Image credit: Seattle Times via TwitterMore than a day later, a crowd of onlookers cheered as he finally made his way back to the ground below.Here s video of Miller finally coming down from the tree, courtesy of USA Today on youtube.Once he was safe on the ground, Miller was taken to Harborview Medical Center where he underwent a psychiatric examination. He was then taken to jail, where he was booked on charges of criminal mischief.What prompted Miller to climb the tree in the first place?Aside from obvious mental health issues, KOMO reports that three days before Miller was taken into police custody for the crime of  sitting on the sidewalk  near a Starbucks on East Pike Street.His criminal record suggests it was not the first time he d been arrested for the crime of having nowhere to go. He was arrested more than once in Oregon. The charges included things like criminal mischief, obstructing an officer and disorderly conduct, charges often used by police to criminalize homelessness.If you can t sit or stand on the sidewalk, if you can t sleep on a park bench or in some other public space, where can you go?Maybe you d try to climb a tree, hoping that it would allow you some space to just exist.Of course that s not how it played out in Miller s case. Climbing that tree just brought him all kinds of negative attention.Some, including the police, turned this sad situation into a series of bad jokes.Not everyone missed the seriousness of the situation, though.Many Twitter users posted about the need to improve services for people with mental health issues, as well as for those who are homeless.As KOMO reports, at least one person in the crowd was deeply concerned about the situation.Janice Wilson, who was in town from Crescent City, California, to help her son deal with his mental health and legal troubles, said she was once homeless herself, 30 years ago.She repeatedly shouted up to the man:  We love you! Come down safely! I heard people out here laughing,  she said.  If somebody s in crisis to the point of putting himself at risk of suicide, what s to laugh about? As of November 2015, there were more than 565,000 homeless people in the United States.The city of Seattle is just one of many American cities that declared a state of emergency in 2015, due to the number of homeless people who reside there.While the number of homeless people in Seattle is on the decline, thanks to an increase in wages in the city, for people with physical and mental disabilities, getting a job and  pulling yourself up by your bootstraps  isn t always the answer.With proper treatment the majority of people who experience mental illness do lead normal, productive lives once the condition is treated. But a lack of funding for mental health services all across the country leaves too many people without access to that treatment.According to New York Daily News, Miller refused to leave his jail cell to attend a hearing today.Instead of getting the mental health treatment he obviously needs, it s looking like he will be criminally charged and incarcerated, along with thousands of other mentally ill people in the United States.Featured image via video screen capture KOMO  ",0
7269, Corinthian Colleges Must Pay Students More Than $1 Billion Dollars,"Corinthian Colleges must pay $1.2 billion dollars to students. San Francisco Superior Court Judge Curtis Karnow determined that Corinthian Colleges is guilty of misleading students with false advertising. ProPublica published an excellent report on how Corinthian Colleges used predatory tactics to target homeless people and other marginalized communities for recruitment. Once students enrolled at one of the 91 campuses that made up Corinthian Colleges, they almost always ended up incurring a huge amount of debt that they could never pay back.Given that Corinthian Colleges filed for bankruptcy in May with only $19.2 million dollars in assets, it seems highly unlikely that students defrauded by the for-profit college will ever see a payout from the lawsuit.However, students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges will get some type of relief. The Department of Education announced on Friday that students will be given a way to have any debt they incurred while attending a Corinthian college forgiven. When Americans invest their time, money and effort to gain new skills, they have a right to expect they ll get an education that leads to a better life for them and their families. Corinthian was more worried about profits than about students  lives,  U.S. Education Secretary John B. King Jr. said in a statement.Despite the fact that students will not receive any money from the lawsuit, that does not mean that this isn t very good news. MarketWatch reports:The judgment could help students in another way, said Ben Miller, the senior director for postsecondary education at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank. It could serve as evidence of Corinthian s wrongdoings for former students who are applying to the federal government to have their loans forgiven because they believe the school violated state law, he said.  It would seem like if there are programs within California that didn t have sufficient evidence for borrower discharge yet, I would think this judgment gives what s necessary,  he said.Overall this is really good news   though it does not really feel like justice truly has been served. No one should have to be given a debt sentence simply for wanting to receive a higher education. Criminal enterprises such as Corinthian Colleges would not have a market to exploit for profit if we had a tuition-free higher education system in the United States. Featured image from Jeramey Jannene/Flickr ",0
7270, Rick Scott Just Amped Up His War On Women In Florida,"On Friday, Florida Governor Rick Scott screwed tens of thousands of women across his state.The vile excuse for a governor signed a bill into law that will not just cut state funding for abortions (which is already prohibited on both the state and federal level), but it also cuts funding from clinics that perform abortions. The Florida Times-Union reported:The bill, which passed largely along party lines, restricts state agencies, local governments and Medicaid managed-care plans from contracting with organizations that own, operate or are affiliated with clinics that perform elective abortions. Duval County is one of the health departments with a Planned Parenthood contract that may be affected by that provision.Basically, in his quest to destroy Planned Parenthood, he is hurting any woman who goes to these clinics for free pregnancy tests, cancer screenings, free birth control, STI screenings and a plethora of other services they provide. The laws requirements that doctors who perform abortion service have patient-transfer agreements with local hospitals or admitting privileges at a hospital in the area. It mirrors an Alabama law that was struck down on Friday by Federal District Court Judge Myron H. Thompson who said the law  unconstitutionally restricts the rights of women. Planned Parenthood s president, Cecile Richards, expressed outrage over the bill: As a result of this bill, thousands of people across Florida may no longer be able to access essential reproductive health care, such as cancer screenings, birth control, and well-woman exams. This cruel bill is designed to rip health care away from those most at risk. Rick Scott is just the most recent in a very long line of Republicans who are attacking women around the country. They pretend that they are  pro-life  and that they care about women, but none of this is true. The GOP isn t  pro-life,  they are pro-fetus, anti-women asshats who don t care about the sanctity of life any more than we care about they care about the thousands of veterans living on the streets. If they were actually pro-life they would wholeheartedly support social safety nets, birth control and oppose the death penalty. But they don t, which makes the real reasons for these types of bills very obvious: they want to punish women for having sex.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
7271, Donald Trump’s Claims About Muslims Protecting Terrorists Are Complete Nonsense (VIDEO),"During a recent appearance on Good Morning Britain, Donald Trump made several claims about Muslims that are, perhaps unsurprisingly to most people, completely bogus. During the interview, Trump claimed that one of the biggest challenges in the fight against terrorism is that  good  Muslims are withholding information about terrorist plots. It s like they re protecting each other,  Trump said during the interview.  They have to report the bad ones. And if you report the bad ones, then all of a sudden you re not going to have the problems. Here s the interview:This statement does not hold up to empirical evidence. Muslims do in fact quit often turn in radical extremists. Vox reports: In 2014, University of North Carolina sociologist Charles Kurzman identified 188 cases since 9/11 where the police had publicly identified a Muslim American as a suspected terrorist and disclosed where the initial tip came from. Of those 188, 54 individuals were brought to the government s attention via tips from members of the Muslim-American community. Muslim Americans were the single largest source of tips identified in Kurzman s study. To further illustrate the stupidity of Trump s claims, let s look at some other facts. Trump is implying that it is the Muslim population s responsibility to report  problems  to the authorities. By doing so he is placing responsibility for the actions of terrorists on Muslim communities  shoulders.There are approximately 1.6 billion Muslims in the world. That s about 23% of the world s entire population. Only about 3.3 million Muslims lives in the United States. During this interview, and for the entirety of his campaign, Trump has been using nearly a quarter of the world s population as a political scapegoat. The reality is that the Islamic State and other terror groups are followers of Salafi Jihadism. They are a relatively tiny cult of extremists, that mainly live in concentrated geographic regions.The chance that a Muslim person would actually know a Jihadist is pretty slim. The odds that they might stumble upon information about a possible terror plot is even slimmer. When we take that into account, and we look at the number of tips that come from Muslims about possible terror attacks since 9/11 it becomes quite clear that Muslims do almost always turn in information regarding possible terrorist activities when they come across it   and they know what they have come across.It s almost as if Muslims almost always do the reasonable thing that anyone would do if they were in that situation.Of course, none of this will probably matter to Trump or his followers. If he says he saw a video of Muslims cheering in New Jersey after 9/11, that s what they saw too. Featured image from video screenshot",0
7272, Ted Nugent Insults Women Everywhere By Disgustingly Listing Why Men Prefer Guns (IMAGE),"Ted Nugent is once again degrading a segment of the population and this time he targeted women.In a Facebook post devoted to his love of his guns, all of which he has undoubtedly f*cked repeatedly, the conservative rocker listed the reasons why men prefer their guns over women. You can trade an old 44 for a new 22,  Nugent wrote as reason number ten on the offensive list, which then became even more cringe-worthy as it continued.Nugent went on to explain how  You can keep one gun at home and have another for when you re on the road,  and even went so far as to say that women don t act normally all month long like guns do even though PMS is a normal bodily function that all women go through in their lives.In his top reason, Nugent lamented that he can t make women shut their mouths like keeping a gun silent with a silencer.Here s his full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Top ten reasons men prefer guns over women-#10   You can trade an old 44 for a new 22.#9   You can keep one gun at Posted by Ted Nugent on Thursday, March 24, 2016This isn t the first time the Donald Trump fan has acted like a complete asshole toward women.According to Media Matters,  Nugent has a lengthy history of misogynist commentary, including calling women  worthless bitch,   worthless whore,   toxic cunt,   fat pig,  and  dirty whore. And in a disgusting defense of Trump, who is in the middle of trying to portray himself as the best candidate for women, Nugent went on a tirade against Fox News host Megyn Kelly in which the Motor City Madman said: I often turn on Fox just to look at her. Sometimes when I m loading my [gun ammunition] magazines, I like to just look at her. And I usually sit naked on the couch dropping hot brass on my stuff. Not only does Nugent prefer guns to real women, he also prefers teen girls over women as well. He wrote and performed a song about raping a 13-year-old girl in 1981. Two years earlier, Nugent suckered a 17-year-old girl s parents into making him her legal guardian so he could have sex with her.In short, not only is Nugent a coward when it comes time for real men to take action in defense of their country, he s terrified of strong independent women who think for themselves. Featured image via Flickr",0
7273, Conservative Terrorist Given INSANELY Light Sentence For Threat To Kill ‘Usurper’ Obama,"Last year, a Wisconsin man was busted for threats he made against President Obama s life. This wasn t just an instance of someone who has been brainwashed spouting off about lynching ( hanging for Treason ) the President. Brian Dennis Dutcher actually intended to kill the President, even if he had to use a slingshot. During a July 15 visit to Wisconsin, a threat lurked in the shadows. The usurper is here and if I get a chance I ll take him out and I ll take the shot,  Dutcher told a security guard at a La Crosse library as he prepared his attack against the President   something conservative media had convinced Dutcher was his Constitutional duty. Sure, he may have just been making small talk   Nice weather today. I m going to kill the President.   but Dutcher s Facebook posts leading up to the vocalization of his plot reveal that this is something he had been openly planning. I have been praying on going to D.C. for 3 months and now the upsurper is coming HERE. saving me a 800 mile trip,  wrote in a June 30 Facebook post.  Doing what I do for my daughter, so she can live free. pray for me to succeed in my mission.  Dutcher explained to his friends and family that it is his  CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY TO TAKE ACTION  because  the gov has declaired war on us. Another post, which Dutcher had deleted explained his plan in more detail: that s it! Thursday I will be in La Crosse. Hopefully I will get a clear shot at the pretend president. Killing him is our CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY! Numerous other posts complained that Secret Service was stopping people like him from taking the shot. Dutcher even told a detective in no uncertain terms that his threat was serious and   he would not have said what he said if he didn t intend to carry it out.  In fact, he told Secret Service his intent was to  circumvent security and figure out how to shoot (Obama) with a slingshot.  Dutcher, referencing the Biblical story of David and Goliath, told law enforcement that he could easily kill a human Bart Simpson style.Each of the many times he threatened the President could have landed him in prison for up to five years and cost him $250,000. Despite the very real nature of his promise to murder President Obama, the would-be assassin was only sentenced to three years in prison and three years of supervised release.This is exactly why conservatives feel it is acceptable to threaten the President. No matter how clear their intentions, no matter how many times they explain the ways they will  exucute  (to use Dutcher s word) Barack Obama, they receive the equivalent of a slap on the wrist.Dutcher will likely be seen as a martyr to the Revolution by our frenemies on the Right, but the truth is that he is a symptom of a cancer in society that we must cut out before it is too late.Featured image via Addicting Info archives",0
7274, The Right’s Stupidity Forces Snopes To Debunk An Article By The Onion (SCREENSHOTS),"Last week, President Obama made a historic trip to Cuba and the right-wing went absolutely insane. Republicans were outraged that our president had the audacity to reestablish a relationship with the country more than fifty years after the Cuban Missile Crisis. After the trip to Cuba, The Onion, a satire website, decided to post a fictional article about his trip home; but, in a hilarious turn of events, paranoid conservatives didn t get the joke and Snopes actually had to debunk the article.On March 23, The Onion shared a doctored picture of Air Force One flying low with a bunch of people on its wings and the photo was captioned, Hundreds Of Cuban Refugees Clinging To Air Force One On Flight Back To U.S. :The comment section under the article soon filled with people who thought it was real:   I ve chosen not to blur out their names because the comments were all made in a public forum.You ll notice that a lot of them blame Obama for bringing more  illegals  into the country. Well, apparently, the outrage didn t extend only to The Onion s Facebook page, people actually emailed Snopes en masse asking the fact-checker website if the picture was real.This flood of emails forced Snopes to actually debunk an article by the well-known satire site. Snopes gave an example of one of the emails the received:There is a posting of a photograph with people on the wings of a plane and falling from the sky.  Hundreds of Cubans clinging to Wings of Air Force One on the way to the US  Reference Onion.com I find this very hard to believe. I believe it was photoshopped.We shall call them Captain Obvious.When you read the comment section of the original article, you realize that Donald Trump s rise in the Republican Party makes a whole lot of sense. The people who thought Cubans were actually clinging to the wings of Air Force One are probably the same people who think Drumpf is a real smart man who is going to turn this country around. They suffer so greatly from Obama Derangement Syndrome that they are falling for obvious satire. And as hilarious as it is, it s also really, really sad that our country is filled with this many stupid people.Featured image via screenshot",0
7275, This Touching New Bernie Sanders Ad Will Leave You in Tears (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders  candidacy is attractive to many different demographics. He s extremely appealing to younger generations who are the future of tomorrow with his ideas on education and income equality. He s also appealing on social justice issues like incarceration of African Americans and the plight of the Palestinian people, who have been under a brutal Israeli military occupation for decades. There is one other demographic that is  backing Bernie Sanders for president: the American men and women who serve in the military.Bernie Sanders is the only candidate who voted against the Iraq war, correctly predicting its terrible ramifications. Millions of Iraqis have been killed, a once thriving economy decimated, and a power vacuum was created that lead to the rise of organizations like ISIS.As for the United States, trillions of dollars have been lost which lead to a recession under the Bush administration unseen since the Great Depression. More importantly, thousands of our American soldiers were killed, and hundreds of thousands were injured both physically and psychologically. The number of US servicemen and women committing suicide is alarming, estimated to be 50% higher than the general population. Tulsi Gabbard, U.S. Representative for Hawaii s 2nd congressional district since 2013 and an Iraqi war veteran understands the price of war and that is why she endorsed Bernie Sanders in a powerful new ad. She said:Bernie Sanders voted against the Iraq war. He understands the cost of war   that that cost is continued   when our veterans come home. Bernie Sanders will defend our country and take the trillions of dollars that are spent on these interventionist regime change, unnecessary wars and invest it here at home. The American people are not looking to settle for inches. They re looking for real change. What I saw in Bernie was the heart of Aloha. No matter who you are or where you come from in this country, we are all in this together. Sending our kids to fight unnecessary and catastrophic wars is criminal. We should be sending them to college to empower themselves. Bernie Sanders has a proven track record of opposing senseless wars for decades.Watch the Ad Here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QEy0mxfFaM]  Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7276, Robert DeNiro Ignorantly Allows Anti-Vaxxer Propaganda At Tribeca Film Festival,"Because idiots haven t harmed America enough yet.An anti-vaxxer propaganda film will be screened at the Tribeca Film Festival in April, and you can blame Robert DeNiro for the resulting drop in America s overall IQ and the outbreak of preventable disease.DeNiro is a legendary actor who is apparently willing to torpedo his reputation and career by allowing disgraced British medical doctor Andrew Wakefield to screen his so-called  documentary  Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe at the festival that had been an annual event since 2002.Wakefield published a paper in 1998 claiming that there is a link between autism and the MMR vaccine. But as it turns out, Wakefield s study was bogus and has been thoroughly debunked by scientists and medical professionals who then booted Wakefield out of the medical field for professional misconduct.Celebrities such as Jim Carrey, Jenny McCarthy, and Kristin Cavallari have jumped to Wakefield s defense in recent years, which has caused thousands of the fans among others to hold back from vaccinating their children. And as the anti-science movement continues to grow, the public health becomes more and more at risk.Just last year, a measles epidemic hit the United States for the first time since the disease had been largely eradicated from our shores in 2000, causing the first death of an American by measles in 12 years.Even Fox News  own medical expert roundly condemned the anti-vaxxer movement. Let me be clear on this, I see no debate whatsoever,  NYU Langone Medical Center associate professor of medicine Marc Siegel said. This is the greatest vaccine that has ever been created in the history of vaccines. You know we stamped out measles in the United States in 2000. It was incredible because measles is the most contagious virus known to man. If you had measles there would be a 90 percent chance that I would get it by sitting next to you if I weren t vaccinated. It s so much more contagious than the flu. We were talking about Ebola, this is a million times more contagious than Ebola! But Robert DeNiro wants to have that debate anyway even though it will just give credibility to a moronic movement that deserves none whatsoever. And the backlash has been so great that DeNiro released a statement on Facebook defending the screening. Grace and I have a child with autism and we believe it is critical that all of the issues surrounding the causes of autism be openly discussed and examined. In the 15 years since the Tribeca Film Festival was founded, I have never asked for a film to be screened or gotten involved in the programming. However this is very personal to me and my family and I want there to be a discussion, which is why we will be screening VAXXED. I am not personally endorsing the film, nor am I anti-vaccination; I am only providing the opportunity for a conversation around the issue. No, Mr. DeNiro. All you are doing is giving an open platform to anti-vaxxers to spread their misinformation and scare more parents into not getting their kids vaccinated. You are perpetuating their lies and anti-science views and you should be ashamed of yourself for it. America is already witnessing the return of viruses such as whooping cough, measles, rubella, and many others because a growing number of parents ridiculously believe their kids will get autism if they get them vaccinated even though there is zero scientific evidence linking autism to vaccines.Wakefield s goal with this propaganda film is to assert that the government and scientific community are  covering up  the link and that vaccines have caused an autism  catastrophe  in this nation because of it. There is no true debate in this film and there won t be a real conversation after it is screened. It ll just be one big echo chamber designed to indoctrinate more believers into the anti-vaxxer movement, which DeNiro looks to be apart of despite his claims otherwise. And when children die because of his stupidity, their blood will be on his hands.Featured image: Wikimedia",0
7277, Giggling Racists Praise Trump For The Growth Of White Nationalism In America (AUDIO),"This story is the perfect example of just how detached from reality the American right wing has become. Two white nationalists (read as: virulent racists) are so excited about how many new racists have come crawling out of the woodwork because of Trump, they can t help but giggle over it:On Saturday, [Jared] Taylor joined  Political Cesspool  host James Edwards on his program, where the two expressed optimism about the future of what Edwards called the  pro-white  movement, something that they attributed in part to Trump s candidacy.Edwards gushed about an  awakening happening within the spirit of our people  that was beyond his  wildest dreams  when he started his program.Taylor said that he too was  hugely encouraged  by the growth of the movement, particularly among  young people  who have  grown up with it.  He described it as  a real sea change. [soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/254695180  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]And I get it. If I were an openly racist scumbag, I would also be thrilled that so many closeted scumbag racists are coming out into the open. People like Taylor and Edwards have always insisted that they represent a  silent majority  of whites. Why, if there was only some way to bring them all out into the open, we could finally have the Second Civil/Race War that would forever establish American white supremacy!In case you re unfamiliar with the white supremacy movement and think I m exaggerating, you must not know about The Turner Diaries, a wildly popular book among racists. Here s part of the Wikipedia summary:The novel ends with an epilogue from the year 2099, summarizing how the Organization continued on to conquer the rest of the world and how all non-White races were eliminated. Africa was invaded and all of its black inhabitants were killed. The Puerto Ricans (described as a  repulsive mongrel race ) were exterminated and the island of Puerto Rico was re-colonized by whites. When China begins an attempt to invade European Russia, the Organization launches a full-scale assault with nuclear, chemical, radiological and biological weapons which render the entire continent of Asia uninhabitable and rife with  mutants . And in America, the last remaining non-white elements are hunted down as well as all individuals involved in organized crime (such as the mafia).So, yeah, these are heady times for racists. Trump has made it OK for them to be out in the open and at political rallies. White power is on the rise!But here s the problem: It isn t. At all.America is a deeply racist county but racism flies in the face of everything we say we believe in: Equality, Fairness, Justice, etc. That means we like our racism to be out of sight, out of mind. In the 1960s, when White America saw hundreds of peaceful black protesters being savagely attacked by the police, they pushed back and the Civil Rights Act was passed. Lesson learned. Keep it on the downlow. Give white people the ability to deny that racism is a problem and they ll happily ignore it. Shove it in their faces and they get really mad. Next thing you know, blacks have more rights and more justice.How dreadful!With the rise of Trump and his white nationalist army of violent thugs, the public is being exposed, once again, to widespread racism. Specifically widespread conservative racism (yes, liberal racism exists but we re not fucking proud of it like conservatives are). The more preening idiots like Taylor and Edwards parade their hate in public at Republican rallies, the less plausible deniability the GOP has. Not for nothing, you don t see neo-Nazis and the KKK coming out to support a Democratic candidate. Ever.The corporate media has bent over backwards to under-report this fact but it s getting harder to hide. Trump is drawing out the worst elements of America s conservative movement for everyone to see. More importantly, that element will refuse to go back into the closet after Trump loses and fades from view. Republicans will be forced to loudly denounce the very racists they used to rely on or be permanently labeled as the party of white supremacy, an electoral kiss of death. Republicans will lose their racist base and the racists will lose their political party.So even as Taylor and Edwards giggle at their  rising  power, they re guaranteeing themselves a future as a marginalized voice in America politics and they re going to cripple the conservative movement in the process.Keep laughing, dumbasses. Keeeeeep laughing.Featured image via Getty",0
7278, WATCH: Bill Maher Doesn’t Believe Five Women Could Possibly Want To Have Sex With Ted Cruz,"Bill Maher mocked the idea that Ted Cruz could possibly have affairs with multiple women and questioned whether five women would want to have sex with the Republican contender for the nomination. Maher said: The National Enquirer says they have the goods that five women had extramarital affairs with Ted Cruz. Yes, ladies, sex with Ted Cruz. That s where you close your eyes and imagine you re f*cking Newt Gingrich. Even Bill Cosby s pharmacist says,  I don t think I ve got anything strong enough for that.  Now I don t personally believe any of this is true. I think I know who Ted Cruz is. I m not saying he doesn t enjoy screwing women. He just does it by defunding Planned Parenthood   that s how he gets his jollies. Maher was referencing the National Inquirer, which names five women that allegedly had affairs with Ted Cruz. Cruz, who presents himself as a conservative candidate and a family man denies the accusations, accusing Donald Trump of being behind the story.Maher is right: It does all seem like a far-fetched story. Who in their right mind would want to have sex with Ted Cruz? And on top of all that, there are allegedly five!Then again, he is getting people to vote for him even though he has the most draconian and racist policies of all the GOP candidates, beating out even Trump. I suppose anything is possible.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhCHiUT-Ytw]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7279, Which GOP Candidate Is The Least Worst? Bill Maher Drinks Bleach And HILARIOUSLY Decides (VIDEO),"Are you having a hard time figuring out whether Donald Trump or Ted Cruz is the least awful GOP candidate in the presidential race? Bill Maher has you covered.During his New Rules segment, the Real Time host mentioned that Republicans come up to him all the time   even in the bathroom   and ask him for a hand.So Maher decided to settle the question of which Republican candidate is the least worst once and for all.First, he went over the differences between the two. Comparing them is apples and orange,  Maher quipped. Donald Trump is like Ebola. He ll violently kill you right away. Cruz is more like the Zika virus. We won t see the damage until future generations.Donald Trump wants to build a wall to keep out creepy foreigners. Ted Cruz is proof we need it.Ted Cruz has a daughter who doesn t want him to touch her, whereas Donald Trump s daughter is fine with it. Maher went on to say that while Trump is thin-skinned and reacts to every bad thing said about him, Ted Cruz  is immune to insult  because he is used to be hated by everyone all the time. Republicans, I feel your pain,  Maher declared.  You re stuck between a rock and a gross place. The House of A*shole or the House of Douchebag. Team Werewolf or Team Vampire. Verizon or AT&T. But we have to accept that being a grown-up means hard choices between disgusting options. And with that being said, Maher dramatically picked Ted Cruz as the least worst choice for the Republican nominee and washed his mouth out with bleach.Maher explained his choice by pointing out that Donald Trump is  a lunatic  who might  disappear people  like him.  The President signs off on a kill list every day and sends out the drones and I like going outside,  Maher said before reluctantly putting on a hat that says  Better Ted Than Dead. Here s the hilarious video via YouTube:",0
7280, Rachel Maddow Just Exposed The Worst Case Of Sleazy The GOP Has Pulled Yet (VIDEO),"The game plan for Republicans isn t exactly difficult to figure out. They control their uninformed base through fear. If you re a Republican, it s because you re afraid. Afraid someone will take your paycheck and give it to someone who chooses not to work. Afraid that the economy is about to crash because  teenagers  working for minimum wage might get a raise. Afraid that ISIS lives in your neighborhood, that the Obama administration put them there and any minute now they ll be pounding on your door to take away your guns.The fear is, quite simply, ridiculous. Terrorists rule through fear. They use it to control people. Is it really any wonder that when some right-winger goes nutty and starts shooting people indiscriminately that we call them terrorists? They are born of the party of fear.The latest sleazy tactic of Republicans comes from their fundraising committee. Rather than send out the kinds of mailers that you may see from the DNC that tell a story and ask for a donation, the RNC is sending out a fundraiser that looks like a bill, obviously aimed at swindling the elderly and uninformed. The mailer comes in an envelope with a giant red  NOTICE OF DELINQUENCY  on the front. Inside, the chairman of the RNC himself notifies the addressee that they have  funds  past due and if they know what s good for them they ll pay.It s a tactic that may be legal; that doesn t make it any less despicable. For Reince Priebus to allow his name to be printed on the bottom of this trash right along with hiss signature proves that the GOP cares only about the money. Rachel Maddow does a great job of exposing this travesty, which was sent to her watchdog site, sendittorachel.com, by a concerned citizen. Watch her tear this scam to pieces below:Featured image via screen capture",0
7281, WATCH: Trump Will Hate This Video That Reveals What He REALLY Thinks About Women,"Recently re-released footage from a 1988 appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show gives insight into what Donald Trump really thinks of women.In the video, Trump appeared with his then-wife Ivana Trump and told Winfrey that  We get along very well, and there s not a lot of disagreement because ultimately Ivana does exactly as I tell her to do. Like many of Trump s predictions and investments over time, that marriage also ended up going bust. He and Ivana divorced in 1991 after she found out he had been having an affair with Marla Maples, a former beauty queen.Trump then married Maples in 1993, and that marriage lasted until a breakup in 1997 and a divorce in 1999. He married his current wife, former model Melania Knauss, in 2005.The comment hints at other sexist remarks and claims that Trump has made over the years. These include:An ad from a Republican super PAC opposed to Trump compiled his sexist comments, and had every day women read them out loud to demonstrate how much of a turn off his candidacy might be in a general election. The ad has so far received 3 million views on YouTube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkSRJSUY0vsPolls show Trump does have a problem with female voters.A CBS News/New York Times poll in October found that 57 percent of registered women voters had an unfavorable view of Trump. Now, it s up to 63 percent.In a head-to-head match-up with Hillary Clinton, Trump trails 50 to 40 percent. The reason is women, who give Clinton a whopping 20 point advantage over Trump   55 to 35 percent.Even when it has won presidential elections, Republicans have performed poorly with female voters. The prospect of Trump s long paper trail of sexist comments, combined with the likelihood that the Democratic nominee will be a woman, could predict an epic electoral failure for the party.Featured image via YouTube",0
7282, This Map Explains GOP Panic: Dems Headed For EPIC Landslide Win (TWEET),"The Republican Party is panicking over Donald Trump s presidential campaign in a way most Americans have never seen, and certainly haven t seen in over fifty years. Political party conventions have evolved until recently into carefully stage-managed infomercials for the parties and their ideals, but now there is a very real shadow operation under way between Trump and the other campaigns to control the outcome of the actual delegate votes, in order to force or avoid a contested convention.In case you might, as many liberals have, assume that a lot of this is theater being put together by the party   it isn t. The data Republican Party leaders are looking at has them reaching for their heartburn medication, because it forecasts an epic wipeout for the party of Lincoln.Statistical guru Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight put together what a presidential electoral map between frontrunners Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton would look like   and the GOP loses even worse than they did in the 2012 and 2008 elections. In the electoral college it would be 374 Democrats, 164 Republicans:Here's what the map might look like in an election held today. Trump's Rust Belt strength would help him keep MO, IN pic.twitter.com/OYueYvWFpG  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) March 24, 2016Silver bases his data on recent polling of a head to head matchup between Trump and Clinton. Those numbers are also the thing of Republican nightmares.The two most recent nationwide electoral polls (Fox News, Bloomberg) show Clinton winning the race by 11% and 18%. The most recent poll before that, Quinnipiac, has her margin of victory at a still respectable 6%.If the margin of victory is between 10-11%, Silver s model shows states like Georgia and North Carolina flipping to Democrats and eating into the Republican hold on the South. It also shows Democrats winning Arizona (current polling there shows Democratic Senate candidate Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick tied with Sen. John McCain). It confines Republicans to the plains and most, but not all, of the Bible Belt states.Derailing Trump s nomination won t be easy to do, but for the GOP party establishment its preferable than what the numbers are currently forecasting: total disaster.Featured image via Flickr",0
7283, Study Shows Legalized Marijuana Reduces This Kind Of Death By 25%,"The so-called  War on Drugs  has has taken another enormous blow as a study shows that states that legalize marijuana have seen a 25% reduction in the number of deaths due to painkiller overdoses. That s not some of the states but ALL of them: The difference is quite striking,  said study co-author Colleen Barry, a health policy researcher at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore.  She notes that the trend became visible in every state a year after the pot was legalized.The study suggests that because patients that are experiencing chronic pain can substitute or suppliment marijuana for their pain pills, they are able to take smaller (or no) doses of the pills and are less likely to experience an overdose.This is even more significant than it seems (and it seems pretty significant). Since the Great Recession destroyed thousands of white communities all over the country, there has been a surge in drug abuse by white people. In fact, the death rate among white males has jumped dramatically, while it s decreased in every other demographic. Much of this has been from addiction to pain killers and, later, heroin.The reasons for this are not hard to understand: When confronted with the same kind of crushing poverty and despair that has afflicted black communities for generations, white people turned to drugs the same exact way. This, of course, means that we ll be forced to crack down on white drug users and send them to prison for decades.Just kidding!No, we won t be locking up millions of white people. This is America, silly! When white people are in trouble, we have to help them, not lock them up!What this means is that legalizing marijuana can and mostly likely will be seen as a partial solution to the opioid epidemic devastating white communities. Big Pharma won t like this because fully legalized marijuana will annihilate their pain killer profits. Normally, Big Pharma s profits are more important than human lives but when it s only WHITE lives on the line, you can be sure that something is going to be done about it. Featured image via Getty",0
7284, Pope Francis Just INFURIATED Conservatives By Washing And Kissing Muslim Refugees’ Feet (SCREENSHOTS),"Pope Francis has once again infuriated conservatives after he washed and kissed the feet of Christian, Muslim, and Hindu   but most importantly Muslim   refugess on Thursday. In the ceremonial re-enactment of the foot-washing ritual Jesus performed on his disciples before he was crucified, the Pope again broke from the tradition of simply washing the feet of twelve Catholic men.In 2013, Francis washed the feet of women and Muslims at a juvenile detention center   a violation of longstanding rules he changed in January to allow all  people of God  to participate in the ritual. This shift from the patriarichal norm was not well-received by the American Right, but this year the Pope did something that sent conservatives into an irrational rage. To the Pope, who recognizes that Christians, Jews, and Muslims all worship the same God, this means anyone could be chosen to participate in the ritual.This year, four women and eight men participated. The women included an Italian Catholic and three Eritrean Coptic Christian migrants. The men included four Catholics from Nigeria and three Muslims from Mali, Syria, and Pakistan, and a Hindu man from India. If this broad mix wasn t enough to cause the Right to seethe with hatred, the Pope s words helped ensure it would happen:That s the sort of claim that has been known to get a Muslim woman removed from teaching at a Christian university, right there. It s a completely sensible statement.  Allah  is simply the Arabic translation of the word  God.  Unfortunately, combined with the fact that Francis performed an expression of humility with regard to Muslims caused the Right to flip the f*ck out. Conservatives flocked to the Washington Post s Facebook page to unleash their anger, frustration, and stupidity:           There are manufacturers, arms dealers who want blood, not peace; they want the war, not fraternity,  the Pope said after condemning the Brussels attack in statements prior to the ceremony. You, we, all of us together, of different religions, different cultures, but children of the same Father, brothers   and there, those poor people, who buy weapons to wreck fraternity. Today, at this time, when I do the same act of Jesus washing the feet of twelve of you, let us all make a gesture of brotherhood, and let us all say:  We are different, we are different, we have different cultures and religions, but we are brothers and we want to live in peace,'  he added   a message of unity that has been warmly embraced by all who do not believe that hatred is the way to go about living, but has managed to somehow irritate conservatives.Watch this deeply humble action, below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7285, Everyone Is Freaking Out Over This ‘Visitor’ At A Bernie Sanders Rally (VIDEO/TWEETS),"People are freaking out all over the internet over a winged  intruder  at a Bernie Sanders rally in Portland. In the middle of Sander s speech, a small and beautiful bird floated down and joined him on the podium.This is not some Matthew Bay-level CGI effect   it actually happened. Sanders broke off mid-speech as the bird hovered around above him, and the packed stadium laughed and applauded. But then, to everyone s surprise, the bird actually flew down and settled on the lectern. I think there s some symbolism here,  Sanders said.  That little bird is really a dove asking us for world peace. This sent the crowd into uproar, and the meme-makers went into overdrive.There was some speculation about what would have happened to the poor bird if it had innocently flapped its way into a Trump rally.@politico If this was a Trump rally.. his goons would beat it up or one of the cult members would shoot it  Greg King (@Megreg916) March 25, 2016And the whole affair is certainly not going to help Portland rid itself of the Portlandia gag #PutABirdOnIt.A little bird told me that @BernieSanders is really a Disney Princess.Also Portland you're taking that #PutABirdOnIt thing way too serious  kelly kapowski (@Colo_Kelly) March 25, 2016For those who missed that joke. Sketch show Portlandia, which satirizes the uber-liberal Oregon city, made it famous with this skit.It didn t take long for the sparrow to become the patron saint of the #FeelTheBern movement, who even honored it with a name. They continued to praise it at the puntastic hashtag #BirdieSanders.My cynicism for all things political dims in response to #BirdieSanders  J. Wolff Hughes (@JWOLFFH) March 25, 2016Even birds love him  Make this man the President of the United States already. #BirdieSanders pic.twitter.com/RmclxLyiUr  Rebekah Lopez (@BekahLeee) March 25, 2016Peeps a vote for Bernie is a vote for #BirdieSanders. Say  owl caucus tomorrow."" Toucan make a difference #LeftWing https://t.co/mKb7HwaDvB  Billy (@billy_gendell) March 25, 2016Or as Obama would say: Yes Toucan.The news even made it international, with prominent British activists sharing their one disbelief.Omg!!! What!!. pic.twitter.com/0vvicZmLcO @JolyonMaugham  ARTIST TAXI DRIVER (@chunkymark) March 25, 2016This has literally lit up the internet with even conservative-edged The Hill feeling the need to pass comment. Amid all the hullaballoo   Sanders himself remained entertained and humble about the whole thing. The candidate hinted at further partnership with Birdie Sanders, perhaps a potential running mate should he defeat Hillary in the primaries?#BirdieSanders and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field. Meet us there: https://t.co/eJGkfGsA5M pic.twitter.com/05LhBpMrne  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) March 25, 2016And with that Bernie Sanders heads to Seattle, home of the $15 minimum wage, to continue his battle to overcome Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
7286, Teacher Resigns After Being Caught Knocking Special Needs Student To The Floor (VIDEO),"Every parent s worst fear is that a teacher will abuse their child. This fear is even greater for parents like myself with special needs children that won t be able to tell us when a teacher like Amelia Stripling is hurting them. Fortunately for Sarah Patterson, the mother of a 4 year old student at Tift County Pre-K Center in Tifton, Georgia, the school has cameras and someone willing to speak up:According to Sarah Patterson, the mother of the boy, her son just turned 4 years old on Wednesday, days after Stripling casually walked around an open classroom door and shoved her knee in the boys back without warning, causing him to lurch forward and to the ground.Stripling then helped the boy up with the help of another adult before giving him a shove into the classroom.It s easy to see that Stripling was trying to get him to move into the classroom. But it s also clear that she was completely unconcerned about how rough she was and only mildly concerned that her student might have hit his head on the ground. If the whole incident had not been caught on tape and reported, Stripling would almost certainly still be working with special needs kids.Here s the video: WALB.com, South Georgia News, Weather, SportsThe United States is staring down the barrel of an educational crisis that will guarantee more scenes like the one above. Never mind the fact that there s a concerted effort underway to gut public education, stripping resources and talent and giving them to  charter schools  that waste billions with worse results; an even greater emergency is the rapid rise of autistic students and the complete failure of our school systems to prepare for them.My family is lucky. We lived first in New York City, which takes early intervention for special needs children VERY seriously (the earlier they get help, the better off they ll be). Then we moved to Northern Virginia (the very liberal part that turned the state purple) and they also take special needs education very seriously. Compare that to Southern Virginia (the inbred redneck to our hippie liberal) where they refuse to officially diagnose my clearly autistic nephew and told his mother that they can t be bothered helping him learn to tie his shoelaces so she should just get him Velcro sneakers.There s going to be a lot more of Southern Virginia than Northern Virginia in this country as millions of kids with special needs move through an educational system that doesn t know how to help them. They can barely handle what they already have and all too often resort to the kind of abuse that Stripling does. Sure, parents with money will be able to afford the expensive services their kids will need but even middle class families will unable to cope. And the working poor? Tough luck! Have fun sending your kid off to a school with a staff that s untrained, uncaring or both.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7287," Donald Trump Releases Statement On Cruz Sex Scandal, And It’s Hilariously Kinda Perfect","With the sex scandal allegations piling up against Ted Cruz regarding the accusations presented in The National Enquirer, the Republican presidential candidate has been left on the defense, and in the process has been blaming everyone but himself, including fellow Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Well, not to take being blamed for allegations that may or may not be true printed by a tabloid paper, Donald Trump released his own statement surrounding the whole controversy.Here s Trump s statement regarding the allegations against Cruz: I have no idea whether or not the cover story about Ted Cruz in this week s issue of the National Enquirer is true or not, but I had absolutely nothing to do with it, did not know about it, and have not, as yet, read it. I have nothing to do with the National Enquirer and unlike Lyin  Ted Cruz I do not surround myself with political hacks and henchman and then pretend total innocence. Ted Cruz s problem with the National Enquirer is his and his alone, and while they were right about O.J. Simpson, John Edwards, and many others, I certainly hope they are not right about Lyin  Ted Cruz. I look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin, winning the Republican nomination and ultimately the Presidency in order to Make America Great Again. As much as you may hate Trump, you probably also hate Cruz, and this statement is beyond hilarious. He basically said,  yeah, it s probably true, but I had nothing to do with it.  However, he did it in the most hilariously sarcastic way ever by saying The National Enquirer was right about O.J. Simpson and John Edwards. Ha! So much shade.Meanwhile, the adults in the room, otherwise known as the Democratic presidential candidates, are likely sitting back and eating popcorn watching this whole ordeal unfold. Remember, folks, no matter who   vote blue.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
7288, ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Blows Off His Own Leg After Turning His Lawnmower Into Exploding Target,"Successfully proving that we will kill ourselves before ISIS ever gets the chance, a patriotic gun owner decided that the only way to make shooting his lawn mower better was to also rig the lawn mower to explode. What could POSSIBLY go wrong? The short answer is   a lot.David Presley loaded up an old lawn mower with three pounds of Tannerite, which is a compound used to create exploding targets for use on shooting ranges. There s no legitimate need for a target to explode, but hey    Murica! Right?Presley clearly didn t read the instruction manual. Sheriff Joe Chapman told local news that you are supposed to use less than a pound of the explosive compound if you want to make an exploding target and you need to stand at least 100 yards away from it when you shoot.Presley opted to use the 3 pounds and stand 25 yards away. The ensuing blast of liberty deprived Captain Dumbass of his left leg below the knee.Lydiah Mays, Presley s neighbor really said it best: You would ve had to be on drugs or something to think it was a good idea to play with that and try to blow up a lawnmower. Source: ajc.comWalton County Fire Rescue Chief, Craig League, also gave his opinion: If you hear a loud boom and it shakes your home, your windows, and the china in your cabinets rattle around, then there is a good chance one of your neighbors is shooting Tannerite. Source: ajc.comLet s think about what he just said. This must happen so frequently in the county, that he actually said in a non-joking manner if your house literally is shaking from explosions, someone is shooting large concentrations of explosives for fun. Wow!How soon can I move there to experience this as well?So many parts of this story, despite the obvious tragedy, are absurd to the point of being hilarious. Possibly the best one of all is the fact there is NOT a law against doing this. You can t smoke a teeny little joint in this area legally, but you can willy-nilly shoot large quantities of explosives. America   F*ck Yeah.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
7289," WATCH: Trump Supporter Drops Bombshell, Accuses Cruz Ally Of Being His Mistress","A conservative columnist and Trump supporter dropped a bombshell live on CNN when she accused another guest, who is a Cruz ally, of being one of the five women named in the National Inquirer as Cruz s alleged mistresses. Aside of how 5 women on the planet can possibly be interested in Ted Cruz, what s even more stunning was when Adriana Cohen, a Boston Herald conservative columnist and Trump supporter made the accusation on live television and the reaction that resulted.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_kimVFRsps?list=PL3ZQ5CpNulQkOICciPiSwRCKGVhaug4Fs]When CNN host Kate Bolduan asked Cohen if she thought the two Republican presidential candidates should stop bashing each other s wives, Cohen redirected the conversation and said: Absolutely, I think we should move on and where we should move to is the National Enquirer story that has reported that Ted Cruz has allegedly had affairs with at least five mistresses   including, you ve been named, Amanda. Shocked, Carpenter raised her eyebrows in bewilderment as Bolduan interrupted saying,  I m sorry, I don t think that s moving on at all, Adriana. Cohen said that Cruz should issue a statement either confirming or denouncing the accusation, asking Carpenter if she would denounce her own involvement or confirm it, to which Carpenter said:What s out there is tabloid trash. If someone wants to comment on it, they can talk to my lawyer. It is categorically false, and you should be ashamed of spreading this kind of smut. Donald Trump supporters should be held to account for it. I will not be intimidated. Whether the accusations are true or not, the Trump and Cruz campaigns get more embarrassing by the day and their continuous mudslinging and disregard for any decency during their campaign runs is indicative of why neither should be president. Featured image via video screenshot. ",0
7290," After Sex Scandal Allegations, Ted Cruz Unleashes Colossally Pathetic Hissy Fit On Facebook","In the world of politics there are going to be scandals. It s just a fact. There s no way around it. They can be true or they can be false, but they are going to happen no matter who you are. What s important, however, is how one handles the scandals, and so far Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has shown that he can t handle much of anything thrown his way.With The National Enquirer printing a story that alleges Cruz s involved with five different women other than his wife, #CruzSexScandal quickly started to take over social media and the national conversation. Is the story true? Who knows, really. But at this point it doesn t really matter, because it s out there.Now, Cruz could simply shrug off these allegations, or even laugh at them for how ridiculous they may be, but instead he chose to throw a ginormous hissy fit on Facebook and blames the entire thing on Donald Trump. And who knows, maybe Trump is to blame. However, how Cruz is handling all of this shows how he may handle times of trouble, and let s just say, it ain t pretty.Cruz wrote on Facebook: I want to be crystal clear: these attacks are garbage. For Donald J. Trump to enlist his friends at the National Enquirer and his political henchmen to do his bidding shows you that there is no low Donald won t go.These smears are completely false, they re offensive to Heidi and me, they re offensive to our daughters, and they re offensive to everyone Donald continues to personally attack.Donald Trump s consistently disgraceful behavior is beneath the office we are seeking and we are not going to follow. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I want to be crystal clear: these attacks are garbage. For Donald J. Trump to enlist his friends at the National Posted by Ted Cruz on Friday, March 25, 2016Listen, Ted, calm down. If the story from The National Enquirer is false, it will simply drift away over the course of the 24-hour news cycle. Drawing further attention to it, and acting SO defensive doesn t necessarily make you look guilty, but it also doesn t make you look good. It s a tabloid paper that will also talk about people giving birth to aliens and/ or maybe the Queen of England taking up heroin  it s not like it was printed in the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal. Simmer down now. Stuff like this is inevitably going to come up, true or not. For goodness sake, ask a Clinton.If this is how he handles ridiculous stories about himself, how the hell is he going to handle being Commander-in-Chief? Simple   he won t be able to.No matter who, vote blue.Featured image via Gage Skidmore (flickr)",0
7291, NRA Recreates Children’s Stories And Gives All The Heroes Guns (IMAGES),"Despite how much the National Rifle Association (NRA) would like everyone to believe that they are doing their best to educate and protect children against gun violence, the pro-gun organization s latest stunt is pretty puzzling.NRA Family has recently released a pair of children s stories   but added its very own special twist. Recreating children s fairy tales like Little Red Riding Hood and Hansel and Gretel, the NRA has taken it upon itself to rewrite the stories and give their heroes guns to defeat their enemies. After all, hasn t everyone wondered at some point or another what would have happened to Little Red Riding Hood if only her grandmother had been armed with a shotgun? Finally, this burning question has been answered.Little Red Riding Hood   NRA FamilyIn the recreated version of Little Red Riding Hood (Has a Gun), the Big Bad Wolf finds himself out of luck because Little Red has a rifle. He gives up and tries to eat Grandma instead, but finds himself in the same predicament because she s also packing heat. Here s a snippet of what the fairy tale looks like with the NRA s special trigger-happy touch: What big teeth you have!  Grandma said, as his fierce jaws came near. The better to eat you with!  the wolf threatened.The wolf leaned in, jaws open wide, then stopped suddenly. Those big ears heard the unmistakable sound of a shotgun s safety being clicked off. Those big eyes looked down and saw that grandma had a scattergun aimed right at him. He realized that Grandmother hadn t been backing away from him; she had been moving towards her shotgun to protect herself and her home.Hansel And Gretal   NRA FamilyThe story of Hansel and Gretel (Have Guns) isn t much better. In this adapted classic, Hansel and Gretal avoid danger because their parents taught them how to use guns. Gretel is not only able to hunt down a 10-point buck, but the pair is able to rescue the children being held captive in the witch s cottage   all because they re armed.These revamped children s tales certainly send the wrong message to kids, and hopefully parents will be smart enough to know that. Time and time again, we see that when guns get into the hands of children   even when they have been taught how to use firearms  things usually go terribly wrong.But the NRA has consistently proven that it doesn t know what s right for children   and the organization just doesn t care. The gun-friendly organization continues to promote its Eddie Eagle GunSafe  program, an initiative to help educate kids and prevent accidental gun deaths. It has been proven extremely ineffective several times, but the NRA refuses to actually do something that will really protect children   like support gun control. The association has consistently opposed and resisted any attempt the Obama administration has tried to make toward gun reform, even as mass shootings have become more common than ever.This is an organization that does not care about America s youth, and these rewritten stories prove it. These revised tales will only make kids want to use guns MORE, and offer zero education about the dangers and seriousness of handling firearms.Featured image via NRAfamily.org",0
7292," WATCH: Trump Supporter Goes On Anti-Muslim Rant, Then Karma Happens (VIDEOS)","Anyone who uses a driving service such as Uber or Lyft takes on the risk that their driver might be completely unhinged. While on the way to a Bernie Sanders rally in Salt Lake City, Utah, one man, named Samuel Grenny, and his girlfriend experienced the horror of being passengers in a Lyft car driven by a racist Donald trump supporter.The young couple s ride quickly became a progressive s nightmare after they told the driver where they were going. I explained where we were going and what it was for, and very quickly he seemed to tense up about it,  Grenny told Fox 13. He started to say that Muslims categorically are terrorists. And then he proceeded to call Muslims pieces of crap, but a much unkinder word than that. At that point my girlfriend started videotaping, she was very shaken. The verbal exchange was recorded. In the video, the conversation between the driver and the couple went like this:Grenny:  You told me, in a cab that I m paying for, that Muslims are pieces of [expletive]. Driver:  Muslims are pieces of [expletive]. Grenny:  Oh good, please tell me some more about how you feel man. Driver:  Why don t you pull your head out of your [expletive] [expletive]? Grenny:  Why don t you pick up a freaking book, man. You are literally what is wrong with this country, and you re trying to blame minorities. Driver:  No you are the one that s wrong with this [expletive] country. Driver:  Get the [expletive] out you piece of [expletive]. Grenny:  Good luck buddy. Driver:  [Expletive] get out of my car. At that point, the couple is forced to leave the car before they reach their destination.Grenny contacted Lyft and complained about the driver. Lyft gave Grenny a full refund and an apology. Lyft also fired the driver. As Grenny notes, the service industry is no place for a person like that to be working in.Here is the video footage of the incident and the Fox 13 news report on the story below.Report: Recording:Featured Image from video screenshot",0
7293," Jimmy Kimmel ‘Mansplained’ To Hillary How She’s Supposed To Behave, And It’s Priceless (VIDEO)","As much as the media pundits want to pretend like they re treating Hillary Clinton like everyone else running for president, the truth is, they re not. She s still criticized on what she wears, how often she smiles, and even on the tone of her voice in how she delivers her message.While the men on the campaign trail can sometimes wear some very unflattering suits or not look their finest, no one utters a word. As the men shout they re called passionate and enthusiastic, whereas Hillary is called hostile, shrill or angry. And as much as even some liberals don t want to admit there s a double-standard, there is, and it s not hard to see if you actually take the time to notice.Appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Thursday night, Kimmel put together a sketch with the former Secretary of State to perfectly simulate what s been happening to Hillary throughout her campaign.Kimmel begins by asking Hillary: I m going to help you win this election no problem. Are you familiar with mansplaining? And Hillary plays it off as though she has no idea what he s talking about, so Kimmel proceeds to  mansplain  pretty much everything that comes out of her mouth. He also makes sure to stick in jabs about what she should wear and how often she should smile and/or appear serious.This is pretty much the most spot-on take on what s been happening to Hillary not only throughout this election cycle, but throughout her entire career.Absolutely perfect. Well done, Jimmy..@JimmyKimmelLive:  I m going to help you win this election no problem. Are you familiar with mansplaining? https://t.co/d2td1ZrQZZ  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 25, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
7294," Elizabeth Warren Tears Trump Apart AGAIN, Praises Dem Candidates","Sen. Elizabeth Warren is on a roll with her brutal eviscerations of Donald Trump. Following her epic Twitter takedown of the racist billionaire earlier this week, Warren spoke to the Associated Press. It was during this interview that Warren once again took the opportunity to give the GOP presidential front-runner another tongue lashing. Warren also took a break from her avowed silence on the Democratic primary race to praise Bernie Sanders.Warren says that Trump s claims about his business successes are major exaggerations.  In reality, Trump s wealth comes from his father. Warren says that the only way that Trump has been able to retain his inheritance is by  cheating people  and  defrauding people.  Warren goes on to say: Donald Trump claims that the reason he s qualified to be president of the United States is that he is a very, very, very successful businessman. Donald Trump is not a great business success and it s time he s called on it. This isn t the first time Warren has called out Trump for his bad business decisions. Warren, a former Harvard Law professor, who specializes in bankruptcy law, wrote about Trump s nefarious failed business schemes. She also urged people to  listen to the experts who ve concluded he s so bad at business that he might have more money today if he d put his entire inheritance into an index fund and just left it alone. Warren also went on to note Trump s Mussolini quote gaffe.Warren also spent some time praising Bernie Sanders and the influence he has had on the Democratic Party and the nation. He s out there. He fights with the heart. This is who Bernie is. He has put the right issues on the table both for the Democratic Party and for the country in general so I m still cheering Bernie on. However, Warren does say that Clinton or Sanders would be far better leaders than what the GOP is offering. While the Democrats are saying,  Gee is the right answer to improve the Affordable Care Act in the following six ways or go all the way to single payer    which is a good debate to have   the Republicans are saying they are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with something they can t quite describe. Warren has not disclosed who she voted for in the primary election. However, she did make progressive politicos sitting on the edge of her seat, saying that she will make an endorsement. That being said, she didn t say is she plans on making an endorsement before the primary election is over. Should she do so, I guarantee it will be done at a key strategic moment in the race. Possibly before the Washington caucus or the New York primary. Though, a pre-nomination endorsement seems unlikely.You can read the AP interview with Warren here.Featured image from Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
7295, 4-Year-Old Boy Shot In The Head After ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Mom Leaves Weapon And Kids In Car,"Yet another  responsible gun owner  caused her child to nearly die after she left her kids in the car with a loaded and unsecured handgun on Thursday. This  Mom of the Year  candidate decided that it was not only appropriate to leave her children alone in the car while she went shopping at the Village Market in Birmingham, Alabama, but didn t think to remove her firearms from the vehicle   a  mistake  far too many gun enthusiast parents make.According to Birmingham police spokesman Sgt. Bryan Shelton, the children did what all children do when left unsupervised   they found something to keep themselves occupied. The older of the unnamed woman s children found her mother s gun, picked it up, and the firearm discharged. The bullet grazed the woman s four-year-old son s head, but did not enter the skull. Fortunately, the child was transported to a nearby children s hospital where he is in stable condition. If you choose to own a gun you have to be safety minded and exercise a higher standard of care,  Shelton said.  We re glad he s OK. While this was obviously a horrific and preventable incident caused solely by the arrogance and stupidity of one of the NRA s Chosen, commenters on the story at AL.com spoke up in her defense. After all, it s not as bad as abortion, right? Earlier this month, Florida Second Amendment advocate Jamie Gilt   who previously ran a pro-gun Facebook page   was shot in the back after her four-year-old son found her loaded handgun near his car seat.  Before the shooting, Gilt bragged that her 4-year-old gets  jacked up  to shoot guns with her, something she learned when she allowed him to have access to a gun through sheer negligence.Unlike the Alabama woman, Gilt ran afoul of a state law that makes it a crime   only a misdemeanor, but still a crime   to store a loaded firearm in such a manner that it is likely a child will gain access to the weapon. She faces up to 120 days in prison   far too little time, but still more than we usually see after this sort of incident.Until these  responsible gun owners start spending real time in prison, this sort of thing will continue to be commonplace, and the NRA will continue to convince its followers this was a horrible  accident  that could happen to anyone, never mentioning that  anyone  only includes people who view themselves as  good guys with guns. Featured imge via AL.com",0
7296, Bigots Kick Two Black Women Out Of A Bar In Fresno–Turns Out They’re Lawyers For The ACLU,"Two African-American women who went for what they hoped would be a fun night out at a karaoke bar in Fresno ended up in a scene from a 1980 s after school special about racism. The women had ordered some drinks already and were waiting to sing  Waterfalls  by TLC when the bartenders began treating them like they were the only two black people in a bar full of racists.As it turned out, they were the only two black women in a bar full of racists. According to the women, a bartender told them they couldn t sing karaoke unless they ordered drinks, which they had already done. Another rather large bartender got right in their faces and screamed  buy drinks  at them. Ultimately the women were asked to leave.The bar, which is described as a  dive  on Facebook, unfortunately bit off more than it could chew as the two women turned out to be lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union. Abre  Conner and Novella Coleman, the two women treated so horribly, wrote an article on the ACLU blog describing their experience:Let s recap. Four white employees at a bar in Fresno called the police to kick out two Black women (who happen to be ACLU attorneys) and who appeared to be the only Black people there.These kinds of signs have been illegal in California since the Unruh Civil Rights Act in 1959 and nationally since a 1964 U.S. Supreme Court ruling outlawed segregation.When the police arrived, several customers explained to the officers that the bar staff were enforcing the rule against us only. Some told the police that a one drink rule did not exist. Others even tried to buy us drinks. But the bartenders wouldn t let them. And still, the police forced us two Black women in the bar to leave. Police departments are supposed to enforce criminal laws and threats to public safety, not enforce personal biases.The bartender and police claimed to be exercising the business  supposed  right  to refuse service. This sounds too much like when the country still had  colored  sections and racially segregated water fountains. But this happened in March 2016.Oh those poor, dumb racists. By now they have to be aware that they messed with the wrong people. Ignorance is bliss until it turns into a giant bigoted snake and bites you in the ass.Featured image from Twitter",0
7297, Fox News Military Expert Hilariously Destroys Trump’s and Cruz’s Strategies Against ISIS,"Fox News  own military expert blasted Donald Trump, too, but saved his most devastating shot for Ted Cruz.During an appearance on Kennedy on Thursday night, Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters ripped into the Republican presidential candidates for pushing ridiculous military strategies to take out ISIS.Trump has suggested using nuclear weapons while Cruz has chosen carpet bombing as his plan of action, both of which would violate international law and US law.Carpet bombing in areas with high concentrations of people such as in cities and villages is considered a war crime by the Geneva Convention, of which the United States is a signatory nation. Using nuclear weapons, meanwhile, would cause destruction on a scale that would draw serious condemnations from our allies and would also be a war crime if dropped on a city.Both ideas are so bad, in fact, that even Fox s own right-wing military expert smacked them down and lambasted them for not only not having served in the military but for not doing any research. None of the political wannabes, none of the aspirants have done their homework. None served in the military   they re all too important   but at least do your homework, guys. Now if you want to use a nuclear weapon on Islamic State, tell me: What s the target? What s the operational advantage? How would you deal with the ramifications for allies? It s the kind of thing people throw out there, and it s just goofy loose talk. But Peters also went on to specifically target Ted Cruz. When Ted Cruz talks about  carpet bombing,  I get the sense he thinks it s dropping carpets out of an airplane,  Peters said.  You ve got to know what the basic terms mean. Peters and Kennedy both had a good laugh at Cruz s expense talking about how he ll probably load up planes with debris taken from homes and drop it on unsuspecting people in the Middle East. I ve got all these remnants from when I redid my guest house! I ll just drop  em on ISIS!  Kennedy said.  Exactly, Carpet Warehouse,  Peters replied.  But seriously, there was one point where I really got angry. And then Peters set his sights on Trump. When Trump was challenged about the military and him giving an unlawful order, and the military not obeying it, he said,  Oh, they ll obey it.  Well no, Mr. Trump   our military takes an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. They obey the lawful orders of the Commander-in-Chief. But if the Commander-in-Chief, the president, ever gives an order that conflicts with the Constitution, the Constitution winds   hands down, every time. So I just wish these guys would   you know, come on, if you won t do the homework, guys, get your staffers to do some for you. In short, Cruz and Trump do not possess the ability to lead our military. They would use our armed forces to commit war crimes and would cause a constitutional crisis by giving orders to the military that our soldiers would likely refuse to follow.Ralph Peters may be a right-winger who constantly disrespects President Obama, but he s on point about Trump and Cruz and their inability to be a competent commander-in-chief.Featured image: Flickr",0
7298, Trevor Noah Brutally Dropkicks Ted Cruz For His ‘Jackass’ Response To The Brussel’s Bombings (VIDEO),"Daily Show host Trevor Noah got brutal with Ted Cruz over his appalling response to the bombings of EU capital Brussels this week, an attack in which dozens (including Americans) lost their lives.The Republican presidential hopeful, currently coming second in the race to Donald trump, launched an all-out attack on President Obama in the wake of the attacks. First, Cruz railed against Obama for not flying immediately to Brussels   when not even European leaders responded this way. Secondly, Cruz issued a hysterical demand for police to  patrol and secure Muslim-American neighborhoods, effectively placing Muslim citizens in a police state.The idea drew a swift and sharp response from President Obama, who reminded the Texas senator:As far as the notion of having surveillance of neighborhoods where Muslims are present, I just left a country that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance. Which, by the way, the father of Senator Cruz escaped for America, the land of the free. The notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense.The President was backed up by furious comments from NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton, who saw the consequences when his police force implemented similar tactics in the past. He said: He doesn t know what the hell he is talking about To be frank with you, while he s running around here, he probably has some Muslim officers guarding him. Now Trevor Noah has piled in with a brutal dropkick of Ted Cruz over the matter, which begins: First of all, you re a sanctimonious jackass, Second of all, President Obama doesn t need to go to Belgium for them to know that he s an ally. It s not like all the European presidents went to Belgium after the attacks   and they re within driving distance. Then Noah turns to the President s comments that we cannot let terrorists achieve their core aim   which is to sow terror in us, saying: It s very important for us to not respond with fear. Then, turning to Cruz s attempt to do exactly that, by in turn terrorizing the American Muslim community in response, Noah says: Unfortunately, there are always those who use these times to score political points,  Adding, Terrorists win when we allow them to disrupt our way of life. While Cruz may persuade the right-wing of his party that persecuting American Muslims for the actions of a handful of Muslims in Belgium is a good idea. But he will not win that argument with the wider country   and that s why this dropkick is so brutal, because it s true.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
7299, Liberals Brilliantly Troll The GOP With A Petition To Make Their Convention An ‘Open Carry Event’,"Every time a school shooting happens, the idiots on the right yank out the memes and propaganda declaring that the school being a  gun free zone  is why it was chosen. They call the shooter a  lone wolf  or  mentally ill  and point out this his sister s college roommate was a Democrat. The gun had nothing to do with it, and had there been more guns in the school it wouldn t have gone down how it did.On that one they are correct. Most experts agree that if you put more guns in a dangerous situation, especially where people are running and panicking, you re going to end up with a deadly crossfire and more people will die senselessly. Still, the NRA-controlled Republican party stands by their platform of more guns for everyone, no matter who, in every situation, no matter what. Going out for breakfast? Bring your gun; a criminal (who has every right to a gun) might be there with a gun. Headed to the movies? Arm yourself. Some mentally ill guy with a gun (who has every right to carry it) may be there looking to calm the voices in his head.Guns, guns, guns. With more than 300 million instruments of death in circulation, not including the homemade versions, the likelihood that we ll ever see an end to the senseless violence is pretty slim. All we can do is point out the stupidity, abhor the violence and mock the hypocrisy when we see it happening around us. That s exactly what one anonymous liberal did when he or she wrote and uploaded a petition to change.org.The Republican National Convention, you see, is being held at the Quicken Loans Arena, which is a  gun free zone.  What better way to make them eat their own stupid words than at their official clown convention. The petition, a masterpiece of leftist trollery, takes aim at the Party, its leaders and base by calling for the following five points of action:1. From the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland: A suspension of their policy preventing the open carry of firearms on the premises of the arena from July 18-21, 2016 to coincide with the Republican National Convention.2. From the National Rifle Association: An immediate condemnation of the egregious affront to the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution constituted by the  gun-free zone  loophole to the state law.3. From Ohio Governor John Kasich: A concerted effort to use his executive authority to override the  gun-free zone  loophole being exploited by the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.4. From Reince Priebus and the Republican National Committee: An explanation of how a venue so unfriendly to Second Amendment rights was chosen for the Republican Convention. Further, we demand a contingency plan to relocate the convention to another location should the Quicken Loans Arena refuse to honor the constitutional rights of the RNC guests to open carry firearms during the convention.5. From all Republican candidates for President: You have been brave in raising awareness about the immense dangers posed by  gun-free zones.  In order to ensure the safety of your supporters, delegates and all attendees at the convention in July, you must call upon the RNC to rectify this affront to our Second Amendment freedoms and insist upon a suspension of the Quicken Loans Arena s unconstitutional  gun-free zone  loophole. Every American is endowed with a God-given Constitutional right to carry a gun wherever and whenever they please.The best part about this masterpiece is that some right-wing extremist social media pages have begun to catch on and post support for it, because yes, they are that stupid. You can read and sign the petition HERE. The comments are priceless, too. Enjoy!Featured image from The Cleveland Patch",0
7300, Twitter Erupts With Glee Over #CruzSexScandal Rumors (TWEETS),"The last thing any politician running for the presidency needs is negative or scandalous hashtags about them trending on Twitter. However, that is just what America is waking up with regards to GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz. You see, overnight, rumors began circulating that Ted Cruz has been cheating on his wife   with MULTIPLE women. Of course, those are just rumors at this time, apparently started by The National Enquirer, and there is certainly no proof. But in the age of the internet, that doesn t matter.Ted Cruz is a creepy guy who nobody likes, so of course people on both the left and right are having a field day over this one. Here are just a few choice tweets from the #CruzSexScandal hashtag:Hey @tedcruz what were you doing on @ashleymadison? Is the #CruzSexScandal a reflection of your values? pic.twitter.com/V4UlIfSWYR  Princip (@3princip) March 25, 2016The only thing that surprises me about the #CruzSexScandal is that it was with women.  Kevin T. Ryan (@OrionKevin) March 25, 2016It was only a matter of time ? scandal season has arrived #CruzSexScandal pic.twitter.com/VIZWWgEiMF  Chris Smoove (@Chris_Smoove) March 25, 2016The National Enquirer has been spot on concerning sleazy politicians and their affairs. #CruzSexScandal  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) March 25, 2016People be all ""the Nation Enquirer is a joke, this is obviously fake""   better ask John Edwards or Gary Hart about that. #cruzsexscandal  mistressmatisse (@mistressmatisse) March 25, 2016If the #CruzSexScandal had broke before Utah they would have given him 100% of the vote just because they admired his number of wives.  FIREBRAND (@MS70Life) March 25, 2016Just when you thought this election season couldn't possibly get any more gross #CruzSexScandal ???  D (@Delo_Taylor) March 25, 2016#CruzSexScandal #HurricaneKatrina #TrumpCard @DRUDGE_REPORT https://t.co/tw7fs9qAWT We found the exact image pic.twitter.com/9WXiVj3mCT  Rachel Scheinberg (@Fleet_Forest) March 25, 2016Now, people can make of this what they want. Obviously some think it s true, while others think it s a bogus smear job. Either way, the thing about it is this: if the rumors really are true, this isn t about what Cruz or anyone else chooses to do in the bedroom. It s about the hypocrisy of going all in on the whole  family values  platform and judging and discriminating against other as a matter of policy and practice. If these religious bigots weren t so high and mighty and self righteous, nobody would care who they choose to crawl into bed with or anything else in their personal lives. But, when they politicize sex, they bring this on themselves when these sorts of scandalous rumors start flying.Good luck with this one, Ted. You re definitely gonna need it.Featured image via Flickr/Gage Skidmore",0
7301, Alabama GOP Gov. Embroiled In Sex Scandal Allegations (NSFW AUDIO),"Another day, another GOP  family values  politician facing a potential sex scandal. Alabama Governor Robert Bentley (R- Of Course) has been accused of having an affair with a woman he describes as his  closest aide.  He has, however conceded that he did have conversations of a sexual nature with his Senior Political adviser, a woman by the name of Rebekah Mason. When news of the scandal broke via a leaked tape Bentley, of course, went into damage control mode and is pretending to be remorseful: Since that time I have apologized to members of my family, to Mrs. Mason and her family and I apologized then for any conversations and behavior then that was inappropriate. Today I want to apologize to the people of the state of Alabama and once again I want to apologize to my family. I am truly sorry and I accept full responsibility. Bentley then went on to re enforce the point that there was no  physical affair  with Mason: I want everyone to know though that I have never had a physical affair with Mrs. Mason. I can assure the people of Alabama I have never done anything illegal. I have never asked any member of my staff or any cabinet member to lie despite what the former ALEA secretary said today. Physical affair or not, that tape was certainly scandalous enough on its own. Here is just one part of that tape: When I m standing behind you, pull you in real close, put my hands on your breasts, put my hands under you .if we gonna do what we did the other day, we re gonna have to start locking the door.  (paraphrased)Here is audio of that tape:Well, that certainly sounds like it went beyond phone sex for sure, but of course there is no way to prove it. Another piece of the scandal is even worse, because it involves the firing of Alabama Law Enforcement Secretary Spencer Collier. Apparently, there was some kind of investigation into the possibility of criminal activity while Collier was in office. Collier, however, tells a different story. He seems to believe he was fired due to his warnings to Bentley regarding the sex scandal and other internal wrongdoing. From Al.com:In denying he has done anything wrong as the state s top cop, Collier on Tuesday and again on Wednesday charged that his agency had come across evidence of an affair between Bentley and Mason, an affair Collier said he warned Bentley that could lead to criminal charges if Bentley were found to have misused state resources in carrying out the relationship.Collier also said Bentley placed him on leave a month ago and then fired him Tuesday because he refused an order by Bentley to lie about why Collier was not to provide a sworn statement to the attorney general s office involving personalities in the criminal case against House Speaker Mike Hubbard.Here is video of Collier speaking on the whole debacle:If this is true, Bentley SHOULD be charged, and Collier should be given his job back. These GOP hypocrites need to ALL be voted out of office come November. They are unfit to serve decent people everywhere.Time to resign, Gov. Bentley. You are a disgrace to the office you hold.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7302, #WeAreNotThis: Twitter DESTROYS NC Gov. And GOP Over Sweeping Anti-LGBT Legislation (TWEETS),"North Carolina, long seen as the one state in the southeast with a bit of progressive common sense, is now nothing more than a complete embarrassment. They have passed a law in response to Charlotte s city ordinance protecting LGBT people that completely forbids cities, towns, and counties within the the state from putting any protections whatsoever in place for LGBT people. Of course, the internet exploded when Gov. Pat McCrory signed the hateful bill into law, giving rise to the hashtag #WeAreNotThis.Of course, most of the fear mongering came due to the so-called  bathroom bill  part of the protection ordinance, which would allow transgender people to used the public facilities that match their gender identity. The bigots insisted that men would be using the bathroom to spy on women and all kinds of other nonsense. A brave transgender man on twitter quickly shot down the absurdity of people who object to trans people in restrooms, though:@PatMcCroryNC It's now the law for me to share a restroom with your wife. #HB2 #trans #NorthCarolina #shameonNC pic.twitter.com/4b4OdmfmeN  JP Sheffield (@JayShef) March 24, 2016Others blasted Gov. Pat McCrory and his fellow bigots in the legislature:You can sugar coat it all you want to but you just signed a hate bill. You should be ashamed. #WeAreNotThis https://t.co/wiYGlDfxeu  Tristina Wright (@TristinaWright) March 24, 2016Local control? Nope. Transparency? Nope. Freedom? Nope. @NCGOP power grab today is just plain bullying. #WeAreNotThis  Andrew Perrin (@AndrewJPerrin) March 23, 2016We should have seen a bathroom bill coming since the @NCGOP has been flushing our good state down the toilet. #WeAreNotThis  ilina ewen (@ilinaP) March 23, 2016#WeAreNotThis Shorter  >#p2 pic.twitter.com/iIkYu7Bs6k  Eric Wolfson (@EricWolfson) March 23, 2016NC, on a rightwing tear, is eliminating non-discrimination ordinances. In 2016. I am a Tar Heel & #WeAreNOTThis. pic.twitter.com/1aZwEG3s7B  The Messinger of Joy (@joydelivery) March 23, 2016@PatMcCroryNC is by far and away the WORST leader North Carolina has ever had and I cannot wait to vote him out of office #WeAreNotThis  Emily Klapthor (@klapthor) March 23, 2016My God! Repealing 50 years non discriminatory efforts in one swoop, and people STILL want to vote Republican? Are you high?#WeAreNotThis  Nicole (@LithChronicles) March 23, 2016.@PatMcCroryNC tells me & all LGBTQ+ Tar Heels he does not care to be our Governor. Come Nov, VOTE to ensure he won't be #WeAreNotThis #HB2  Alex Hayden DiLalla (@AlexDiLalla) March 24, 2016I'm so ashamed that the state I am literally within a few hundred feet of just legalized discrimination. So shameful. #WeAreNotThis #HB2  Kenan (@kenan917) March 24, 2016In NC I need 1000% more protection from a gun in a bathroom than a transgender person. #WeAreNotThis #HB2  Rose (@RoseRunsOn) March 24, 2016There were even protests outside the governor s mansion itself:Arrests being made outside NC Gov Mansion #WeAreNotThis pic.twitter.com/RVuBsruw6y  kate medley (@katemedley) March 25, 2016And, of course, this crazy law is already having an effect on business in the state. The NBA released a statement saying that Charlotte s ability to host the All-Star game is definitely in jeopardy now:NBA Statement Regarding Legislation Recently Signed Into Law In North Carolina pic.twitter.com/xwoOo9MyeR  NBA (@NBA) March 24, 2016Dow Chemical has also come out against HB2:Dow is the first Fortune 500 company to oppose NC's pro-discrimination bill. There will be more. #WeAreNotThis pic.twitter.com/xH6ygkAvjC  Sen. Jeff Jackson (@JeffJacksonNC) March 23, 2016Even Google came out against the bill:We believe in equal rights and equal treatment for all. This North Carolina law is misguided & wrong. #WeAreNotThis pic.twitter.com/3yCayn7Tum  Google (@google) March 24, 2016North Carolina GOP and Gov. Pat McCrory, this law is terrible. Didn t you learn anything from what Indiana Gov. Mike Pence went through last summer with his equally bigoted Religious Freedom Restoration Act? You re reaping what you sow here. We will continue to fight back against your bigotry. As someone who lives 25 minutes from Charlotte, North Carolina, in the equally bigoted state of South Carolina, let me tell you   we will not stand for this. You re on the wrong side of history. Your bigotry will not be tolerated.Featured image via screen capture from Equality NC Twitter",0
7303," This Trump Supporter Is Going To Jail, And He Could Take Donald’s Campaign With Him","While Donald Trump has staked a large part of his campaign on being  tough on terror,  one of his own supporters is going to jail for plotting a terror attack against Muslim Americans. Trump is yet to release a single word condemning this genuine threat to life, and any right-thinking world, that should end his campaign.55 year old William Celli, of Richmond in California, received a 90 day jail term and three years probation for a plot to explode a bomb in an act of domestic terrorism against Muslims.The court heard how Celli yelled, I m going to kill you all!  outside the Islamic Society of West Contra Costa County.Later, the bomb squad was called to his home, where they found an explosive device which Celli had planned to use against the mosque. The would-be terrorist accepted a plea deal.The case is another cause of great concern for the Muslim community, who have faced a spike in hate crimes since the San Bernardino shootings. Muslims are being attacked on the streets, and their places of worship are being violated and even burned to the ground. While responsible lawmakers and political leaders attempt to bring America together, Donald Trump has staked his campaign on quite the opposite.After the attacks on Paris, Trump called for a ban on all Muslims entering the US, even Muslim Americans attempting to return from holiday. After the Brussel s bombings, he made further despicable comments against Muslims in general while failing to even express sympathy with those who lost their lives of loved ones.This attitude, the leveraging of fear into hate, has done wonders for his presidential campaign   but very little for social cohesion in the country. Now, one of his own supporters has taken the next logical step inside Trump s logic, he went to war with Muslims.As Raw Story reports:He appears to be a strong admirer of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump   who was stoking Islamaphobic fears in the weeks prior to Celli s arrest in the wake of mass shootings in Paris and San Bernardino, California. Donald trumps on again I m happy leaders okay but this guys a great point man I ll follow this MAN to the end of the world,  Celli posted Oct. 21. Donald Trump s on again I m feeling good about myself,  he posted Oct. 28. While Trump commented immediately with gross generalization about Muslims in the wake of terrorist acts half way round the world   he is yet to utter a single word on this attempted act of domestic terrorism. He has neither denounced Celli, or the views the wannabe attacker espoused. He has also failed to reassure the Muslim community of any actions he would take as President to protect their lives, businesses and places of worship from such domestic terrorists.This is because Donald Trump fails to understand the central responsibility of being President of the United States. If elected, he has to be President of all of it; every man, woman and child in the country, whether they voted for him or not, whether they share his religion or world view or not.This may fly straight over the heads of die-hard Trump supporters, willfully ignored. But it must not be overlooked by the broader American public. It is moments like this that will kill the Trump campaign when his race to win over Republicans is complete, and he is faced with the impossible task of winning over a very different kind of audience.Featured image via Facebook",0
7304, Cruz’s Attempt To Act Tough Hilariously Backfires When Reporter Asks Him Brutal Follow-Up (VIDEO),"Poor, poor Ted Cruz. He just can t catch a break.Having endured repeated attacks on his wife by Republican front-runner Donald Trump, Cruz practiced his best  tough guy  face in the mirror, found the nearest camera and told Trump:  Donald, you re a sniveling coward and leave Heidi the hell alone.  And it almost would have worked if it weren t for a meddling NBC reporter who pointed out the massive elephant in the room.Without missing a beat, NBC s Hallie Jackson stepped up to ask the one question Cruz didn t want to hear: Are you more loyal to the Republican Party  or your wife? His flailing response speaks volumes.A clearly unimpressed Jackson asks Cruz to explicitly say whether or not he would support Donald Trump as president if he got the nomination. Cruz was left temporarily speechless, before weakly saying the question was irrelevant because Trump was going to lose. Jackson didn t let up:Jackson: That s not answering the question, Senator.Cruz: I am answering the question. Donald Trump will not be the nominee.Jackson: He s leading right now and you just looked into that camera and said he was a coward. Will you support him as the nominee?Cruz: Donald Trump will not be the nomineeWhat makes Jackson s questions so brutal is that for Cruz, he s always struggled to distance himself from Trump while at the same time copying many of his ideas. And like many Republicans, Cruz has repeatedly said he would support the eventual nominee whoever it was, even as he publicly attacked Trump. Just earlier this month, Cruz was still adamant that party loyalty meant everything. My answer is the same. I committed at the outset. I will support the Republican nominee, whoever it is,  Cruz said.Making things even more awkward, Cruz and Trump spent the early part of the election praising each other. Cruz would live to regret tweets like this one.In the end, with Trump s sizable lead in the primaries, Cruz will need to decide what he will do if Trump wins. As he calls Trump a  sniveling coward  on camera, he may soon be faced with having to grovel at Trump s feet (just as his former fellow candidates Chris Christie and Ben Carson have already done). No doubt when that happens, Cruz is going to wish he never met Hallie Jackson.Featured image via Twitter",0
7305," Exclusive: Interview With Progressive Superstar Running For Congress, Zephyr Teachout","Before Senator Bernie Sanders popularized stepping up to the Democratic establishment, which has been overrun by corporate and big money influences, Zephyr Teachout made waves in New York State by challenging Democratic incumbent, Governor Andrew Cuomo, to a primary race in 2014. Despite being heavily out funded by Governor Cuomo, who received millions of dollars in campaign contributions from corporations and wealthy interests, Ms. Teachout received 34 percent of the vote, including winning many counties in the state, including Albany County, home of the state s capital. Although she lost, her campaign, the first she ever ran, was a blow to the myth that elected officials, particularly incumbents, are invincible in elections from their own political party.In January 2016, Ms. Teachout, currently as Associate Law Professor at Fordham University, announced she is running for New York s 19th Congressional District seat. I m running to raise up the voice that people have been shut out of politics. I think you can see across the political spectrum people are really frustrated by congress, and by politics that are increasingly driven by big money,  said Ms. Teachout in a phone interview.Ms. Teachout cited as one of the broad issues she plans to tackle in congress, is campaign finance reform, especially in regards to overturning the SCOTUS Citizens United ruling in 2010. I ve already been working in the last several years to promote Congressman John Sarbanes  (D-MD) bill, which is basically modeled off of the public financing system in New York City,  she said.  Congress unfortunately is trapped by congress members having to spend 50 percent of their time raising money. A public financing system like what Congressman Sarbanes has proposed, The Government by The People Act, would allow congress members to raise money from small donors and still have enough to reach all the voters. I think shutting down the revolving door between lobbyists and government is essential. In tandem to the issue of campaign financing being overhauled by corporations, the Trans-Pacific Partnership has received a lot of criticism from Republicans, Independents, and Democrats, including Ms. Teachout, for heavily favoring corporations and handing to them unprecedented leverage over governments. The TPP is a continuation of NAFTA ad even worse than NAFTA,  said Ms. Teachout.  Instead of changing direction and building towards a 21st century trade policy, the TPP doubles down on failed trade policy. Negotiations over Trans-Pacific Partnership between the United States and 11 other countries began during the Bush administration, and has been pushed by the Obama administration. Both Democratic Presidential candidates, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders have opposed the agreement, while Republican Presidential Candidates have expressed mixed feelings over it, with Donald Trump and Ted Cruz against it, but Governor Kasich in favor. Ms. Teachout added: I m actually quite hopeful we are going to stop it. I think a year ago you would have said  the big guns have this locked down , but there has been a truly extraordinary swelling of grassroots energy from Republicans, Democrats, and Independents all across the board against it. People are saying this is the wrong direction, we actually want more made in America, we want to buy locally owned goods and we want to be making law through a democratic process. One of the real problems of the TPP for me is it shuts you out of the process, and that is fundamental. Instead of making policy through congress which has its own problems, its making policy in the backroom, and that s no way to make international or basic economic policy in our country. New York s 19th Congressional District includes Sullivan, Ulster, Delaware, Otsego, Schoharie, Greene and Columbia Counties and parts of Montgomery, Rensselaer and Dutchess Counties. Current Representative of the district, Republican Chris Gibson announced he is retiring, leaving the seat wide open. Ms. Teachout is currently a favorite to win, she won almost every county in the district against Governor Cuomo in 2014. In the Democratic Primaries, she faces challenges from John Kehoe, a 29-year-old self-described moderate Democrat who runs a recording studio in the Hudson Valley, and Will Yandik, a town councilman from Columbia County, though popular consensus in the district s local Democratic Parties favor Ms. Teachout, according to the Poughkeepsie Journal.The Democratic Primaries take place on June 28th, 2016. On the Republican side, it will be a toss-up mainly between Andrew Heaney, a small businessman and graduate from Harvard Business School, and John Faso, a former New York State Assemblyman. Mr. Faso, who has hired Bill O Reilly as a communications consultant, has criticized Heaney for donating to President Obama s 2008 campaign. Mr. Heaney has also been accused of illegally coordinating with a Super-Pac he created, the New York Jobs Council.As progressivism has made its mark on the 2016 presidential election from the popularity of Senator Bernie Sanders  campaign, it has inspired progressive candidates across the country to run for office on similar platforms. Ms. Teachout s advice for those progressive candidates who are standing up to make their mark in a primary against an establishment backed candidate, as she did in 2014 against Governor Andrew Cuomo; spend as much time as you can on the ground listening to people, not in a closed room listening to donors. There s an extraordinary strength in the deep American grassroots and it s pretty exciting to see what could happen if you put a lot more trust in people. Featured image via Flickr",0
7306, Global Forecasting Service Rates Trump As High Threat To World Security And Economic Stability,"The world no longer sees Donald Trump as a joke, they see him as a significant threat to international security and a stable economy.When Donald Trump first announced his candidacy for the presidency, most people in America and around the globe thought that he would be just another clown candidate made possible by the ineptitude and extremism of the Republican Party as in years past when the likes of Michelle Bachmann and Herman Cain entered the race.But this year, conservatives look determined to use Trump as their own personal battering ram to destroy the federal government even if it means bringing about perpetual war and the disintegration of the world economy in the process.And that s why the Global Forecasting Service has officially rated Trump a high impact threat even though they believe it is unlikely he will beat his eventual Democratic opponent. But just in case he does win, the GFS analysed what is at risk if he should somehow ascend to the presidency.According to analysis by the GFS:Thus far Mr. Trump has given very few details of his policies   and these tend to be prone to constant revision   but a few themes have become apparent. First, he has been exceptionally hostile towards free trade, including notably NAFTA, and has repeatedly labelled China as a  currency manipulator.  He has also taken an exceptionally right-wing stance on the Middle East and jihadi terrorism, including, among other things, advocating the killing of families of terrorists and launching a land incursion into Syria to wipe out IS (and acquire its oil). In the event of a Trump victory, his hostile attitude to free trade, and alienation of Mexico and China in particular, could escalate rapidly into a trade war   and at the least scupper the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and 11 other American and Asian states signed in February 2016. His militaristic tendencies towards the Middle East (and ban on all Muslim travel to the US) would be a potent recruitment tool for jihadi groups, increasing their threat both within the region and beyond.In other words, Trump would be a catastrophe for the United States and the world. His warmongering against the Middle East and hatred of Muslims could result in new wars and increased terrorist attacks and his hostility towards Mexico and China threaten the economic stability President Obama has worked so hard to rebuild after the Great Recession of 2008.Furthermore, Trump has inflamed racial tensions across the nation to the point where it feels like his continued candidacy is a powder keg waiting to explode into a full-fledged race war. Trump has also expressed hostility toward women and the LGBT community along with having a decidedly anti-science stance. His anti-science stance alone is enough to endanger the world considering climate change is rapidly becoming irreversible. Should Trump become president, it could be many more years before the United States participates in climate initiatives again.The Global Forecasting Service also warns in their conclusion that while Democrats and Republicans in Congress will likely oppose Trump s more radical policies, it would mean at least four more years of nothing getting done as Congress and the White House obstruct each other.Although we do not expect Mr Trump to defeat his most likely Democratic contender, Hillary Clinton, there are risks to this forecast, especially in the event of a terrorist attack on US soil or a sudden economic downturn. It is worth noting that the innate hostility within the Republican hierarchy towards Mr Trump, combined with the inevitable virulent Democratic opposition, will see many of his more radical policies blocked in Congress   albeit such internal bickering will also undermine the coherence of domestic and foreign policymaking.In short, the best thing Americans can do for ourselves and the world is vote against Trump in November. Because our safety and financial health depend on it. Featured image via Flickr ",0
7307, White House Petition Calling For Ariz. Primary Investigation Receives 100k Signatures,"A petition calling on the Obama administration to investigate alleged voter suppression and voter fraud in the Arizona primary has received 100,000 signatures in only 24 hours. That means that the White House must provide a public response on the matter.If it was not clear that people are furious over the Arizona primary fiasco, it should be now. Thousands of voter were forced to wait for hours in line during the election. Phoenix s mayor, Greg Stanton, has even sent a letter to the Justice Department demanding that they launch an investigation into the primary. Maricopa County appears to be the county hit hardest by the election disaster. Maricopa County is a racially diverse area, meaning people of color were also disproportionately hurt by this disaster.Here is the full text of the petition: Petition to have the Obama Administration investigate the voter fraud and voter suppression on 3/22/2016 in ARIZONA. Numerous voters who switched from Independent to Democrat could not vote and were turned away or given provisional ballots which in turn were never counted. We the people of the United States of America find this act alarming and would like a complete investigation to uncover the violations that occurred during the Arizona voting on 3/22/2016 and prosecute those responsible to the fullest extent of the law. In Maricopa County, there was only one polling location available for every 108,000 residents. That s because County officials decided to cut the number of polling locations down by 85% compared to the number of 2008 presidential preference election.To further demonstrate the slap in the face that was the Arizona primary election, the Associated Press began projecting Clinton as the winner of the race while hundreds of voters still stood in line waiting to vote. Regardless of whether those still waiting in line may have changed the outcome of the election, we live in a democracy where every vote matters. Announcing the projected winner(s) of an election sends a message to those who waited hours in lines that their attempts to participate in our democracy were nothing but a waste of time.Then there is the matter of the thousands of voters who waited hours in line, only to be told that they cannot vote due their party affiliation. Those people were given the option to fill out a provisional ballot. That sounds like a good solution to a very unfortunate problem. However, Arizona has a long history of provisional ballots being rejected, at rates double that of states with double the size of Arizona s population.This hurts voters that the Democrats need the most. Namely young and or first-time voters and those who wish to jump the sinking ship that is the Republican Party and those registered as Independents. An estimated 4,000 people in Maricopa County changed their political party affiliation from Independent to Democrat prior to the election.Featured Image Photo by Jonathan Gibby/Getty Images ",0
7308, Here’s How The Bundy Terrorists Left The Malheur Refuge (VIDEO),"On March 23, KOIN in Burns, Oregon, got a  behind the scenes  tour of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge.Parts of the once pristine wildlife sanctuary, which was occupied by a group of federal government-hating, armed militants for 41 days, now look more like a trash refuse site than a site set aside as a refuge for wildlife.Photos and video published by KOIN show the level of damage done both inside and out.Trash, clothing, food and government property litter the buildings.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINThe filth stretches from one end of the building to the other.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINEquipment, paid for with taxpayer dollars, was left dismantled and destroyed.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINThe militiamen, who appointed themselves as  appropriate caretakers  of Malheur left holes in the walls of the buildings they occupied.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINAnd that s just the beginning of the destruction they left behind.Outside, trash piles, mounds of broken equipment, even abandoned vehicles are thrown against the severely damaged fencing which borders the sanctuary property.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINIn this area, the trash and abandoned tents aren t even the biggest problem U.S. wildlife officials have to contend with. The dozens of tanks of improperly sealed and stored contaminants, some packed inside of a garbage-strewn horse trailer, some left out in the open, present a serious hazard to both animals and people.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOINThey dug pits and filled them with human feces.Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Services via KOINWorse, KOIN reports that  Members of the media on tour were advised to watch their step in certain spots. After some pipes burst, officials said, militia members defecated  everywhere. Image credit: US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOIN(Additional images of the destruction can be viewed here.)The damage that the Bundy terrorists did at Malheur is beyond disturbing.In just over a month, this gang of armed extremists managed to turn a well-cared for wildlife refuge into a shit-covered garbage dump.Estimated costs to clean up and restore the wildlife refuge range into the millions.Here s more on this story from KOIN.Thus far, various members of the militant group that staged the armed takeover of the refuge have been charged with conspiracy to impede officers of the United States, possession of firearms in a federal facility, use and carry of a firearm in relation to a crime of violence, theft of government property and depredation of government property.Militia member Sean Anderson and another defendant have also been charged with destruction of an archeological site.Let s hope that every single person who participated in this terrorist activity gets the maximum sentence that the law will allow. Featured image via US Fish and Wildlife Service via KOIN",0
7309," All-Out War Just Occurred On ‘The View’ Between Whoopi, Carson and Trump (VIDEO)","Appearing on the The View Thursday morning was none other than former Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson. He, of course, spoke of his time running for office and even joked that his first choice for president went out the window the day he dropped out. Carson was then asked by the women of the show about his endorsement of Donald Trump. Which, in all honesty, doesn t make any sense, and it was discovered last week that Trump may have illegally offered him an advisory role in exchange for an endorsement.Whoopi Goldberg didn t hold back at all and laid it all out on the table for Carson: This guy he s a racist and he s not good for the country You re Ben Carson! You re so much better than this. Carson then explained that because he  is better than this  he s capable of looking past the racism to the broader picture. Which is the biggest load of BS I ve ever heard.Carson also said that we have to get away from the ruling class, and unfortunately it had to be explained to the sleepy doctor that Trump is very much a part of the ruling class.All in all, the ladies of The View, in particular, Whoopi Goldberg, tore Trump a new one, and laid into Carson for backing him.Watch here: And as per usual, Trump proves that he cannot handle criticism, especially if it comes from women. He quickly took to his Twitter account while the show was still airing to show everyone, once again, that he has the maturity level of a seven-year-old..@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM ""NO""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2016Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2016Well, the women of The View, while still on air, called him out on these tweets, and told him that they d love to have him on, but he s terrified they ll be mean to him and ask him tough questions. You see, Trump only wants to be part of interviews where he can control the conversation and be adored by the media. Being surrounded by strong, successful women interrogating him is pretty much his worst nightmare.Oh, and The View has been on for 20 years now and is doing just fine with or without Trump as a guest. He s the last person to talk about a failing television show.Good on Whoopi for calling both Carson and Trump out. Carson on his hypocrisy and aversion to reality, and Trump on his utter horseshit. Well done.Featured image via video screen capture/Twitter",0
7310," North Carolina GOP Makes State Crappier Place To Live, Passes Bill Allowing LGBT Discrimination","North Carolina Republicans jammed another bigoted extremist bill into law on Wednesday, making the state an even worse place to live.Ever since taking over the legislature in 2012 and the governor s mansion in 2013, Republicans have been aggressively turning North Carolina into one of the most conservative states in the nation.From extreme gun laws, to draconian anti-abortion laws, to attempts to declare Christianity the state religion, Republicans have literally done everything they can to embarrass themselves and destroy the state that had been progressing wonderfully over the years.And now, North Carolina Republicans have added a new reason for people to hate them and the state.Not too long ago, the city of Charlotte passed an ordinance protecting the LGBT community from discrimination.But Republicans couldn t accept that, so they conjured up House Bill 2 to not only override the ordinance, but also ban other cities and counties in the state from doing anything to protect LGBT people from being discriminated against as well.It took all of ten hours for Republicans to pass the bill in the House 83-25 and in the Senate 32-0 and get it signed by Governor Pat McCrory in a sad demonstration of how democracy and inclusion has died in North Carolina.Senate Democrats were so disgusted by the bill that they staged an unprecedented walkout from the chamber in protest as the bill was being voted on, which is why it passes unanimously in a strictly partisan vote. The bill worked it s way through the legislature so fast that Democrats didn t even get the chance to read it over.According to Buzzfeed:House Bill 2 mandates that state law supersedes all local ordinances concerning wages, employment, and public accommodations. It also restricts single-sex public restrooms and locker rooms in publicly run facilities to people of the same sex on their birth certificate.In addition, it bans transgender students from school restrooms that correspond with their gender identity   teeing up a potential legal clash with the federal government, which has found that civil rights laws ban transgender discrimination in schools.North Carolina literally just enshrined discrimination into state law, and all because conservative  Christians  testified that the Charlotte ordinance and other ordinances in nine other jurisdictions would pave the way for sex offenders to prey upon women, a falsehood that McCrory happily repeated as he defended putting his bigoted signature on the bill. The basic expectation of privacy in the most personal of settings, a restroom or locker room, for each gender was violated by government overreach and intrusion by the mayor and city council of Charlotte,  McCrory said in a statement that explained why he signed the bill into law.The Charlotte ordinance, he continued,  defies common sense and basic community norms by allowing, for example, a man to use a woman s bathroom, shower or locker room. However, Buzzfeed notes that there has never been a single example in 17 states and 225 cities of LGBT protections being used to defend predatory behavior.Yet, Republicans passed the bill into law anyway, and that could lead to a mass exodus of businesses from the state. The state of Georgia is experiencing such an exodus right now as corporations threaten to leave if Governor Nathan Deal signs a discriminatory  religious liberty  bill that would allow bigotry against gay people. Disney and Marvel have already promised to take their business elsewhere and the NFL has threatened to take the Superbowl away from Atlanta. If a business backlash can happen in Georgia, it can happen in North Carolina, too. And that means North Carolina is going to face economic punishment along with having to waste millions of taxpayer dollars defending the new bill when the lawsuits begin to be filed.Republicans have run North Carolina into the ground. Featured image via  Wikimedia",0
7311, NYC Police Brutally Arrest Postal Worker After Nearly Hitting His Truck (VIDEO),"For Glen Grays, a 27-year-old New York City postal worker March 17 was not a typical day. That s because Grays was arrested after criticizing a police officer s driving.Grays was making deliveries in the neighborhood of Crown Heights in Brooklyn when a car almost hit his mail truck. Grays then did what most drivers would do if they were in the same situation   he yelled at the person driving the vehicle for his reckless behavior.What Grays didn t know is that the vehicle was an unmarked police car. It is at this point that four plainclothes police officers get out of the unmarked police car and begin to harass Grays. The incident was recorded by passersby on their cell phones. You can watch the video below.Grays was eventually ticketed with resisting arrest. He was then handcuffed and put in the back of the unmarked police car where he was taken away. It is not a crime for someone to voice outrage after almost being struck by a vehicle   It is not a crime to state that you re angry at someone who almost hit you. That is not a crime,  Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams said during a press conference on Tuesday.Adams wants the four police officers involved in the arrest to be investigated. They place handcuffs on an on-duty postal employee delivering the U.S. mail. If they would do that to him in his postal uniform, they would do it to any person of color in that community. When the police arrested Grays, they also left his mail truck unattended   possibly violating several federal procedures. Adams thinks that the police should be punished for any violations of federal procedure that may have happened. I believe there were federal violations. Number one, leaving that truck unsecured. Number, two, interrupting the delivery of mail. There are clear NYPD procedures when you are arresting a federal employee. We don t know if even those basic procedures were followed. This the type of police misconduct that leads to the injuries, arrests, and deaths of so many people   people of color in particular   in the United States every year.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
7312, Professors Claim Sexual Harassment Ban Is Violating The First Amendment,"A group of college professors have released a report that claims the federal government s attempts to combat sexual harassment are stifling educators  free speech on university campuses.The American Association of University (AAUP) found that the current interpretation of the government s Title IX laws which cover sexual harassment have made it hard for professors, especially female professors, to teach their students. Right now, if a student finds something offensive and complains about it, universities immediately open up an investigation into that teacher s actions, no matter how  questionable  that complaint is.According to the report, the failure of the federal government to make  meaningful distinctions between conduct and speech or otherwise distinguish between hostile environment sexual harassment  is putting academic freedom and free speech in jeopardy. The general counsel of the association and the chairwoman of the subcommittee who wrote the report, Risa L. Lieberwitz spoke to the NY Times, saying: We need to protect academic speech and the freedom that goes with academic speech, as well as due process. Universities are acting in a way that is overly precipitous as well as applying overly broad definitions of sexual harassment because they are afraid of scrutiny. The report even gives examples to support their claims. One of those was regarding Sociology Professor Patty Adler s class, Deviance in US Society,  at the University of Colorado-Boulder. Adler had taught the class for more than twenty years and each semester around five hundred students enrolled in it, but in 2013 some of the students complained that her class  constituted sexual harassment :At the conclusion of the term, undergraduate teaching assistants participated in and witnessed role-playing exercises featuring subjects relevant to course material involving the global sex trade: these performances animated character types, such as an  Eastern European  slave whore,  a pimp, a  bar whore,  and a high-end escort.  Adler s Dean offered her a buyout for early retirement and indicated if she did not accept the offer, she could incur penalties up to and including forfeiture of her retirement benefits.Her other option was to return to the classroom but never teach the course again. When students, faculty and advocacy groups found out what was happening they protested the school s ultimatum and eventually the university relented and welcomed her back without any conditions. However, the incident took such a toll on her that she only stayed for one semester and then retired.Professor Adler is not alone, similar incidents have happened all across the country and that is the violation of free speech and academic freedom the AAUP found so troubling. The group is not advocating sexual harassment, they are just asking that the government draw clearer lines between what is and what isn t harassment so that students can be properly educated.Right now, the lines are so blurry that colleges and universities are doing a disservice to the students who pay thousands of dollars for a well-rounded curriculum. Of course, these schools should act if a professor is violating the law, but there is a huge difference between harassment and  well, this is an uncomfortable, intellectual topic.  Nobody benefits when schools don t use common sense when investigating claims.Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images",0
7313, We’re Officially At The ‘My Wife Is Hotter Than Your Wife’ Part Of The Election (TWEETS),"Almost every day, this year s presidential election is becoming more and more like a high school election, or rather middle school, at least on the Republican side. Empty promises of walls and this and that being thrown all over the place. They might as well be promising free French fries and all-day recess. Then there s the name-calling from every direction. The only thing left, really, would be a food fight at the next debate.Now, we ve officially gotten to the  my wife is hotter than your wife  part of the election.It all started when an anti-Trump/pro-Cruz group had an ad in Utah featuring Melania Trump in her GQ spread where she was pretty much naked. Trump, and actually rightfully so, was less than pleased. However, he responded in the Middle School fashion that we ve now become accustomed to seeing and went directly after Ted Cruz s wife Heidi, claiming he ll  spill the beans  on her.Taking this ridiculousness a step further, Trump has now retweeted an image that quite honestly screams,  look at my wife, she s so much more attractive than your wife. ""@Don_Vito_08: ""A picture is worth a thousand words"" @realDonaldTrump #LyingTed #NeverCruz @MELANIATRUMP pic.twitter.com/5bvVEwMVF8""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2016As much as it pains me to defend Ted Cruz and his wife, this really isn t okay. And Cruz was spot-on with his response to the image.Donald, real men don't attack women. Your wife is lovely, and Heidi is the love of my life. https://t.co/pprXhIMzUT  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 24, 2016All of this makes it all the clearer that we, as a nation, need to be voting for the adults in this election. So, no matter who, folks  vote blue.Featured image via Flickr/Flickr ",0
7314," Paul Ryan Just Revealed What He Gave Up For Lent, And It’s Truly Despicable (VIDEO)","The Republicans have given us a lot of  WTF  moments lately, but this one is something you ll remember for a while   and just in time for Easter.Earlier today, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) released a video over Twitter announcing what he gave up for Lent, a Christian tradition during Easter season where people give up specific comforts and luxuries for 40 days as a form of repentance. After you see this, the levels of rage you ll experience will make you wish Ryan had just kept it between himself and the Lord. Seriously, the smug smile on his face is enough to make you sick:I used to give up food, like beer or ice cream, for #Lent. But this year, I decided to give up something different.https://t.co/1CBygHRoG1  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) March 24, 2016So what did Ryan decide to forego for several weeks? Anxiety. And impatience. He s dead serious. In the video, he said: I used to give up beer, or ice cream, or pop. But I ve given up so many things over the years, food-wise, that I ve decided to switch my Lenten vows to character deficiencies or problems I ve had. For Ryan to refer to anxiety as a  character deficiency  is reprehensible. It is something that around 40 million American adults suffer from regularly, and can lead to serious physical issues such as ulcers and respiratory problems.Ryan, with his amazing amount of white privilege and insensitivity, referred to the everyday stresses that many Americans face as an actual debilitating disorder. How nice is it that Ryan can CHOOSE to give up anxiety for 40 days? People who actually suffer from anxiety don t even have that choice, and would probably give anything to live without anxiety for just ONE day. What Ryan said has only further stigmatized a real mental health issue.The stigma against mental health is a serious matter in this country. As discussions about mental health are usually delivered in a punch line or decried in public, it s no surprise that only a quarter of those with mental health issues believe that others understand and are compassionate about their condition. Because of heavily engrained stereotypes about mental illness, many people will never seek treatment and get the help they need.Maybe if Ryan is looking for more Lent ideas, he could give up shaming people. At least that s a real  character deficiency. Featured image via Getty Images",0
7315, Phoenix Mayor Calls On Justice Department To Investigate AZ ‘Election Fiasco’ (VIDEO),"Phoenix mayor Greg Stanton is calling on the United States Justice Department to investigate Arizona s  fiasco  election.As Arizona voters attempted to cast their votes during Tuesday s Presidential Preference election, thousands were forced to wait in line, sometimes for up to five hours. Those who were unable to wait, including thousands of voters with work, school and family commitments, as well as those with disabilities and other health problems, were forced to leave without casting a ballot.As Stanton points out in his letter to the Justice Department, Maricopa County officials drastically reduced the number of available polling sites, ahead of the 2016 election. Between 2008 and 2016, officials eliminated 85 percent of polling locations, leaving just 60 sites open, to serve a community of more than four million people.On Wednesday, community leaders and angry citizens took to the streets in protest of obvious voter suppression used in Maricopa County. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Election protest in downtown PhoenixPosted by Marc Liverman on Wednesday, March 23, 2016Their complaints have not fallen on deaf ears.In his letter to the Justice Department, Stanton points out that the reduction in polling places primarily impacted Black and Latino communities. A prime example, in Phoenix, a community in which the majority of voters are Black and Latino, there was just one polling place for every 108,000 voters on Tuesday.On the other hand, primarily white communities like Cave Creek/Carefree, there was one polling site per 8,500 voters. The same holds true in other majority-white communities, including Paradise Valley, which had one polling location per 13,000 voters and Fountain Hills, where there was one polling site for every 22,500 voters.But that s just the beginning of the story. On Wednesday, Sondra Carr, a Phoenix resident posted an account of what she saw on election day in Maricopa County. After standing in line for hours, Carr and her son finally entered the polling station.Here s what she says happened next.When my son and I voted, there were SEVEN voting  booths    these were cardboard dividers for privacy. There were seven. Think about that   there are seven of the very things that are needed to vote and look to cost about a dollar fifty, so I m sorry but I don t buy the idea I ve since heard that this was a money-saving decision. Why were there not more? But that didn t even matter because when my son and I entered, there were no other voters inside. When I walked up to the booths, there were no other voters in them and while I was voting, only my own son came to stand next to me. They were purposefully trickling people in, leaving two-thirds of the booths empty while 2000 people waited outside for hours.Thousands of others, who waited for hours to cast their vote, discovered that their party affiliation had somehow been changed on the voter registration rolls. These voters were either turned away altogether or forced to cast a provisional ballot.As Mayor Stanton also states, Arizona has long, documented history of throwing out provisional ballots. According to Stanton s letter, since 2006, Arizona officials have rejected more than 121,000 provisional ballots. That number does not include the thousands of voters who were improperly forced to vote by provisional ballot during the March 22 Presidential Preference Election.While election officials have attempted to cast blame on Independent voters, who they claim came out to vote in Tuesday s election even though they legally were barred from participating, there are two things wrong with this narrative.First, many people who have been registered democrats for years discovered that their party affiliation had been changed without their knowledge or permission.Second, the media, Arizona election officials and others also bear a large amount of blame for confusion on the part of independent voters, if they did indeed show up in record numbers at the polls. (There s no actual evidence that this even happened.)Arizona s Presidential Preference Election, which was held on March 22, is not the state s primary election.The state holds its primary election on August 30. The actual primary does not include presidential candidates. Anyone can vote in that election, including independent voters.The Presidential Preference Election is a closed election. Only registered members of a political party can participate in that election.So yes, independent voters can indeed vote in the state s primary. And no, Tuesday s Presidential Preference Election was not the state s primary. Independent voters were not allowed to participate in that election, which was consistently referred to as the  Arizona primary,  when it actually wasn t.Blaming voters for trying to vote is a disgusting tactic, especially given the confusing system and the horrifying lack of clarity from the media and election officials.Mayor Stanton spoke with KPNX on Wednesday. Watch the video below. The Phoenix mayor is not the only politician to criticize Tuesday s election fiasco. On Wednesday, Gov. Doug Ducey called the long lines and voter registration issues  unacceptable,  while also calling for changes to the state s closed Presidential Preference Election.Image credit: video screen capture via Marc Liverman on Facebook ",0
7316," Republicans Surrender To Trump, Fear Historic Loss Of Senate And House","The Washington Post reports that the Republicans and the billionaires that own them are more or less writing off the White House as a total loss and rushing to hold onto both the House and the Senate. They re afraid, and for good reason, that if when Donald Trump becomes the Republican nominee, he s going to be crushed so badly in the general election that he ll deliver both chambers of Congress to the Democratic Party:The efforts are being driven by major players such as the Koch brothers  political network, which has already begun laying groundwork in Colorado, Ohio and Pennsylvania, along with the Crossroads organizations and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.The behemoth Koch operation   which aims to spend almost $900 million before the November elections   is now considering abandoning Trump as a nominee and focusing its resources on behalf of GOP congressional candidates.My colleague Korie Beth Brown wrote about how Trump is putting the heavily gerrymandered House into play and this move by the GOP Donor Class confirms it: Trump is leading the Republican Party to electoral annihilation.Hooray!According to WaPo, instead of dumping a billion dollars into winning the White House, the Kochs and their fellow oligarchs are planning to spend all of that money just to keep what they already have:A key element of the strategy will be a springtime wave of television ads that slam Democratic contenders and tout Republican incumbents as attuned to hometown concerns. Strategists hope the efforts will help inoculate congressional candidates against association with Trump s incendiary remarks. If there are crosscurrents that are potentially harmful, the most important thing you can do is aggressively localize the race   the things that matter back home, the problems you re solving,  said Steven Law, a former top aide to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell who leads the American Crossroads super PAC and a suite of related groups.While that sounds like a good idea, Republicans no longer actually SOLVE problems. Instead, they create them and then blame Obama and the Democrats. When your entire strategy has been unprecedented obstruction for 7 years, it s going to be hard to tout your accomplishments.Even with all of that advertising, it s going to be very difficult to get conservatives to be enthusiastic about voting with Donald Trump at the top of the ticket. Combine that with the abject horror that liberals and Independents will experience and you re looking at a huge turnout from the left matched against a depressed turnout from the right. And no, Hillary Clinton does not inspire the same kind of loathing no matter how loudly Bernie supporters insist she does.Republicans and their puppet masters have every right to be afraid of a blue tidal wave that will make the red wave of 2010 look like a drop in the bucket. The question then becomes: Will Democrats be able to hold on to both chambers for the midterm or will lazy Democratic voters throw away all of their gains again?Featured image via the laughably bigoted barbwire.com",0
7317, Republican Outrageously Slanders Hillary By Calling Her A ‘Founding Member Of ISIS’ (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton should file a lawsuit against Fox News and Rudy Giuliani for this lie.During an appearance on Fox News with Bill O Reilly, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani blamed Hillary Clinton and President Obama for the rise of ISIS   and actually had the gall to claim that Clinton is a  founding member  of the terrorist organization. If you re talking about doing what she wants to do, which is to rally our forces against ISIS, you gotta come back to the White House, you gotta sit in the Situation Room, and you can t leave until you come up with a plan,  Giuliani said.O Reilly then whined about President Obama not dropping everything to go back to Washington once news broke of the terrorist attack on Brussels.Ever since the attack, which killed over 30 and injured hundreds, conservatives have been unfairly criticizing President Obama for not canceling his trip in Cuba to hole up in the Situation Room.The problem is that President Obama can t really do anything beyond offering condolences and assistance if Belgium asks for help. Obama offered both in the aftermath of the attack. Conservatives have also said President Obama should go to Belgium, but that would only distract the first responders and police officers from doing their job since security of the president would require lots of preparation and man power.Giuliani then went off the rails into accusations that are nothing short of slander. She helped create ISIS,  Giuliani bellowed. Hillary Clinton could be considered a founding member of ISIS. When asked how Clinton created ISIS, Giuliani told O Reilly that she did so  by being part of an administration that withdrew from Iraq  and  by being part of an administration that allowed Maliki to run Iraq into the ground. O Reilly really didn t do much to challenge Giuliani either, which is yet another example of the lack of journalistic ethics that he and Fox News are known for.In the end, Giuliani said Clinton should have resigned as Secretary of State because  that s what a patriot does. Here s the video via YouTube.The fact is, however, that it was President Bush who signed the withdrawal of forces agreement with Iraq and helped install Nouri al-Maliki as the Iraqi Prime Minister in 2006.And let s not forget that Bush ordered the invasion of Iraq in the first place, which destabilized the region by removing Saddam Hussein, a traditional enemy of Iran, from power. That alone caused a power vacuum in the region which allowed Iran to have more influence in the region while creating the conditions for ISIS to rise.Bill O Reilly ought to be ashamed of himself for allowing Giuliani to make such outrageous claims, and Hillary Clinton should smack Giuliani with a lawsuit because she clearly has a case against him for slander. Clinton is NOT a member of ISIS and she certainly did not create ISIS. Giuliani, however, is a lying asshole. Featured image via  Screenshot",0
7318, Lindsey Graham Makes The Most Depressing Prediction For Republicans After Backing Cruz (VIDEO),"Lindsey Graham (R-SC) has been going through an existential crisis over the future of his party for a while   especially now that he s backed presidential candidate Ted Cruz, who he doesn t believe will stand a chance against Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton.On Thursday, Graham went on MSNBC to share his thoughts on the election and make a prediction that truly showed how depressed Graham has become over the whole thing. The former presidential candidate reluctantly said that Republicans would  probably  lose the 2016 election due to the extremely unlikeable qualities of leading GOP candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.Graham had backed Cruz after ending his own campaign for GOP nomination, clearly because the Texas senator was the only alternative to Trump. Graham made it perfectly clear that the endorsement didn t mean that he suddenly liked Cruz, a man that Graham previously joked about murdering. Not to mention that earlier this year, Graham said that choosing between Trump and Cruz was like being shot or poisoned. What does it really matter? But now, Graham seems like he s accepted the fact that the Democrats have the 2016 race in the bag. During the interview, he said: We can lose in 2016 and probably will. Here s my concern. Trump gets wiped out. Ted, I don t know if he can beat Hillary Clinton or not but at least we ve got a fighting chance.If Trump is the standard-bearer, it s not about 2016, it s about losing the heart and soul of the conservative movement. I m not going to stand behind a guy that gets David Duke s support. You can watch Graham resign all hope in the video below:.@LindseyGrahamSC: We could lose in 2016 and we probably will https://t.co/QJOaVYjtV6  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) March 24, 2016The reason Graham is feeling so hopeless is that he knows he s right. Both Trump and Cruz are extremely polarizing to voters. Ted Cruz has an uncanny ability to make most people   whether politicians, family members or voting Americans   hate him (which might be linked to the way his face looks). And Trump tends to turn many GOP voters off for his vulgar language and constant flip-flopping on policies. Both of these candidates are an embarrassment to the Republican party, and Graham was dead-on when he said it would take generations  for the GOP to recover from this election cycle. Featured image via Getty Images",0
7319, Watch This Democratic Congressman OBLITERATE Republicans For Their Racism,"Rep. Mark Takano (D-Calif.) pummeled the Republicans for their xenophobia and racism following calls to create  Muslim patrols  in the United States in response to the terror attack in Brussels. Takono, whose parents were interned in concentration camps by the United States during World War II, said: Responding to Brussels [terror attacks] by advocating for patrols of Muslim neighborhoods or suggesting that we torture our enemies is not only counterproductive, it violates the moral code that separates us from our enemies. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktJsrBrUIBw]Takano compared today s Islamophobia with the way his own family as well as over 100,000 Japanese Americans were treated in the U.S. during World War II when they were singled out and relocated to concentration camps for simply being Japanese. Takono said:Seventy years ago, my parents and grandparents were held prisoner during World War II without trial and without a reason other than their Japanese heritage. In that moment, no one was willing to speak up for them. We cannot ignore the lessons of history. Takono was responding to Republican calls to target Muslim communities in the wake of the Brussels attacks. Senator and presidential contender Ted Cruz has called for draconian measures including  Muslim patrols. He said: We need to empower law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized. Not to be outdone, Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump also called for targeting Muslims. He echoed Ted Cruz s calls to patrol Muslim communities and he also advocated for the use of torture.Takono s impassioned speech should be a wakeup call for Republicans, whose divisive rhetoric and Islamophobia will divide Americans rather than unite it and make it safer. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7320, New ISIS Video On Brussels Features These Trump Comments (IMAGE),"Donald Trump has once again given the terrorist group ISIS (aka Daesh, The Islamic State) material for their latest propaganda video. It isn t the first time.In the new video released on Thursday by al-Battar, an ISIS affiliate, Trump s comments on the city of Brussels are prominently featured.Almost forgot to note that comments from Trump featured in opening of IS-affil al-Battar Brussels video. pic.twitter.com/935vgwSRc6  Michael S. Smith II (@MichaelSSmithII) March 24, 2016Specifically the video gives the terrorists what they want, labeling the chaos caused by the terror attacks as a  horror show. The chilling video opens with a message in Arabic followed by an image of Trump, saying Brussels is now  an absolute horror show .Trump s voice is heard saying:  Brussels was one of the great cities, it was one of the most beautiful cities of the world 20 years ago, it was amazing actually, and safe. Now it s a horror show, it s an absolute horror show. The rest of the video celebrates the attack, which killed at least 31 people, and shows images of dead children and babies. The song accompanying Trump s video praises the jihadists:  Brothers, rise up, rise up. Claim your victory. Let s go, Let s go In December, Hillary Clinton warned that Trump s over the top, heated anti-Muslim rhetoric would be used as fodder for ISIS terrorist videos. You know, people around the world pay close attention to our elections. And if you go on Arabic television, as we have, and you look at what is being blasted out with video of Mr. Trump being translated into Arabic,  No Muslims coming into the United States,  other kinds of derogatory, defamatory statements, it is playing into the hands of the violent jihadists,  she said.  There is nothing they want more than to be able to claim that the United States is against Islam and against Muslims and that then lights an even bigger fire for them to make their propaganda claims through social media and other ways. A month later, video from the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group al-Shabaab included clips of Trump calling for a ban on Muslim immigration after the San Bernardino shooting as evidence that America is a racist society. Featured image via Twitter",0
7321," ‘Go F*ck Yourselves’: Larry Wilmore SLAMS Ted Cruz, Fox News Over Anti-Muslim Rhetoric (VIDEO)","The terror attacks in Brussels, Belgium have brought out the Muslim-haters on the right in full force   particularly GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz. The creepiest candidate on the right has openly called for the police to increase patrols in  Muslim neighborhoods,  and has gotten backing for his disgusting statements from the network that is a longtime mouthpiece of the bigoted right   Fox News.Well, there s one person who isn t taking their bullshit lying down: Comedy Central host Larry Wilmore. On Wednesday night s edition of his show, Wilmore blasted Cruz and Fox over their bigotry, and especially their insistence that anyone questioning their hateful words is just being  politically correct. Gooooooooo f*ck yourselves.   I mean, a major news network, so-called major news network, and a major presidential candidate slamming a major religion has nothing to do with political correctness. It s just wrong. To round out the hilarious   but truthful   segment, Wilmore interviewed Masir Ali, an expert on the Middle East. He weighed in from a snowy vacation, complete with snowboard, to show everyone just how dumb Ted Cruz and Fox News really are.The Nightly Show host is right. They are wrong. Bigotry and discrimination are a huge and major selling point with right-wingers, and here in the year 2016 that is just shameful. We seriously have one of the two major political parties in America that gets most of their votes for hating on anyone who isn t straight, white, male, and Christian. Think about that, and what it means for the future of this country.Watch the video below via Comedy Central:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7322, President Obama Smoothly Dances The Tango While Republicans Stumble All Over Themselves (VIDEO),"Coolest. President. Ever.During his scheduled stop in Buenos Aires, Argentina, President Obama was asked to stand up and dance as a tango played at the State Dinner that took place at the Centro Cultural Kirchner on Wednesday night.After a pair of professional Argentine dancers finished performing for President Obama and the First Lady, the duo split off and asked the First Couple to do the tango with them.At first, President Obama politely declined but the beautiful woman in the gold dress finally got her wish.President Obama was every bit the gentleman and smoothly danced the Argentine Tango with his excited partner, proving once again that he is the President of Cool.Obama participated in the dance for a minute and then he returned to his table while the lady in the gold dress embraced First Lady Michelle Obama who looked just as surprised by her husband s moves.Here s the video via YouTube.Can you imagine Donald Trump or Ted Cruz pulling off the tango like President Obama did? Such a nightmarish image would be humiliating for this country and the presidency similar to all those times former President George W. Bush tried his hand at dancing at the White House like when he invited a a group of Africans to the Rose Garden in 2007.But Trump and Cruz would likely top Bush by being more embarrassing and even scarier.As President Obama continues to strengthen U.S. relations abroad, the Republican presidential candidates continue to embarrass themselves and the nation with their hateful and bigoted rhetoric that has made the world cringe.Luckily, President Obama is still in charge until next January and still light enough on his feet to dance the tango and school conservatives at the same time. Featured image via screenshot",0
7323, House Republicans Forcing Fetal Tissue Researchers To Reveal Identities Despite Risk Of Violence,"Using the long-debunked Planned Parenthood videos that were heavily edited to  show  the  sale  of fetal tissue, House Republicans have decided that if they can t punish PP, they would terrorize researchers instead:WASHINGTON   A special House committee empaneled to investigate fetal tissue research is preparing to issue 17 subpoenas to medical supply companies and laboratories, seeking the names of researchers, graduate students, laboratory technicians and administrative personnel.The House investigation into how some of the nation s most prestigious universities acquire fetal tissue has prompted charges of intimidation and coercion, escalating a battle that some researchers fear could shut down studies seeking cures for Parkinson s disease, the Zika virus and a host of other conditions.Republicans know full well that the donation of aborted fetal tissue is perfectly legal and vitally necessary to life-saving research. But this is an election year, so they re willfully putting that same life-saving research in jeopardy just to feed red meat to their idiot base.If you listen carefully, you can already hear the so-called  pro-life  movement flexing their fingers, ready to start typing death threats to any researchers that have their names revealed. But don t call them  domestic terrorists!  They re just using fear and violence to get their way.Keep in mind, these researchers are literally saving millions of lives by curing diseases and discovering ways to fix traumatic damage to the human body. But once their names are forced into the public square, they will be called  murderers  and  monsters  by people who think the height of morality is screaming at teenage girls trying to get rid of their rapist s fetus.Even worse, if Republicans get their way, it s only a matter of time until some crazed, but somehow still  responsible,  gun owner goes on a rampage and shoots up a research facility to  save the murdered babies  or some such stupidity. Or maybe someone will just set the lab on fire. Or try to blow it up. The fact that they could be killing the person that cures cancer or destroying the research that could have ended birth defects won t even occur to them.This kind of short-term irresponsibility is all Republicans know how to do anymore. Exposing these people s names to the violent pro-life movement is a recipe for disaster but a surefire way to get votes. But it s not like they ll ever accept responsibility for the consequences, anyway.Featured image via AI archives",0
7324, Jimmy Kimmel Compares Trump And Cruz and The Results Are HILARIOUS (VIDEO),"While many Republicans are lining up behind Ted Cruz because they say that Trump s policies are too extreme, here s some news for them: These two clowns are one in the same. The only difference is Ted Cruz seems to be a bit more slick and polite about his racism than the bombastic Trump. Jimmy Kimmel proved that on his show Jimmy Kimmel Live with an  ad  he says was created by Mitt Romney which urges Republicans to vote for Ted Cruz. Kimmel said: The Republican establishment seems to be doing all it can do behind the scenes to topple Donald Trump and in front of the scenes too. Mitt Romney, in particular, has his magic underwear in a bunch when it comes to Donald Trump. He s asking voters to stop what he calls Trumpism and support Ted Cruz. In fact Mitt released this powerful ad that really tells the differences between Trump and Cruz in a very easy to follow way. The  ad  then goes on to show the striking similarities between the two candidates. Whether it s building a wall or deporting 11 million immigrants, the candidates are one in the same. The candidates also agree on no gun control, ending abortion, repealing Obamacare, and oppressing American Muslims.So, why the uproar about Trump? Trump is simply more vocal and bombastic about his plans for America than the creepy Ted Cruz, who comes off more professional but is just as dangerous.Watch the video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGnwlPAZjpM] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7325, WATCH: Jorge Ramos Makes Sean Hannity Look Like A Complete A**hole,"Univision anchor Jorge Ramos made Fox host Sean Hannity look like the angry Trump puppet that we all know him to be.Over a ten minute span, Hannity lost his temper with Ramos time and time again as he repeatedly tried to convince Ramos that Republican front-runner Donald Trump is not a racist and that he has confronted Trump about his hateful and bigoted rhetoric.Ramos relentlessly slammed Hannity for coddling Trump just as as he blasted Bill O Reilly for doing the same during an interview last week.Ramo pointed out that Trump is unfairly labeling all undocumented immigrants as horrible criminals who rape and murder. Hannity defended Trump by claiming that Trump only said some are rapists and murderers.However, Hannity is wrong as usual.When Trump delivered his announcement that he was running for president in last June, he characterized most Mexicans as rapists and criminals. Only some, he assumed, were good people. In other words, he did not say only some commit crimes. He said only some were good people and he only assumed that. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending the best. They re sending people that have lots of problems and they re bringing those problems. They re bringing drugs, they re bringing crime. They re rapists and some, I assume, are good people, but I speak to border guards and they re telling us what we re getting. He later doubled down on the racist remark.  The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States,  Trump said in a statement.  They are, in many cases, criminals, drug dealers, rapists, etc. Armed with truth on his side, Ramos refused to back down and continued criticizing Hannity until the Fox News blowhard shouted,  I don t need any lectures from you, Jorge Ramos! Hannity accused Ramos of not reporting truthfully and just like when he took down O Reilly, Ramos smacked Hannity around with facts until he was forced to end the interview as Ramos got in the last word.Here s part one and two of the interview via Fox.Jorge Ramos once again bested a Fox News host in their own house and proved once again who the real journalist in the room is. Now if only Trump would agree to sit down for an interview with Ramos. We would really see fireworks then. Featured Image: Screenshot",0
7326, Is Gabby Giffords Being Sued By Her Shooter? (IMAGES),"Former Representative Gabby Giffords has made a remarkable recovery after suffering a gunshot wound to the head five years ago, but now she is possibly being sued by her attacker.On January 8, 2011, Giffords was speaking to a group of her constituents outside of a Safeway in Casas Adobes, Arizona when Jared Lee Loughner began firing on the crowd. Loughner s bullets killed six people and injured thirteen, including Giffords. The shooter was detained by people at the event and later pleaded guilty to 19 charges related to the shooting   he is currently serving seven consecutive life sentences in prison.However, although he admitted to his crimes and was sentenced accordingly, a lawsuit has allegedly been filed by Loughner against the former congresswoman for $25 million for psychological and emotional distress. It claims claims that he is innocent and was hand-picked  to be an assassin. My incarceration is illegal. I am actually innocent. I was Framed. I am a victim of project mk-ultra the govt. put a chip in my head to control my mind .Gabby Giffords is in the Illuminati and I have evidence of this I was handpicked illegally to be a sleeper assassin. MY HEAD is full of chips and this evil empire govt is controlling me within. The lawsuit claims all sorts of other insane things, as well. It says that he has been waterboarded repeatedly during his incarceration by the ATF, NSA and CIA. The suit also alleges that his attorney is a  global spy  who forced him to plead guilty and that authorities are making him sick from  microwave testing  and  chemtrails.  It even accuses Giffords of funding the San Bernardino shooters.The timing of this lawsuit has made some people think that it is a hoax. Just days before it was filed, a similar lawsuit was filed in Michigan against Uber, supposedly by the Kalamazoo mass shooter, Jason Brian Dalton. That lawsuit turned out to be fake and apparently the Giffords  suit looks a lot like the Dalton suit. Tucson News reports:The envelopes of both the alleged Loughner lawsuit and the fake Dalton lawsuit have very similar characteristics.Both have the same three stamps in the top right corner, have similar handwriting and are postmarked in Philadelphia, PA.The envelopes, do indeed look very similar and when you read Loughner s alleged lawsuit there seems to be a whole lot of crazy crammed into it. Almost an unbelievable amount, in fact.Addicting Info will keep you updated on this story as it develops.Read the  Loughner complaint HERE.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
7327, ‘Family Values’ GOP Governor Caught In ‘Inappropriate’ Situation With Woman (VIDEO),"Alabama governor Robert Bentley admitted today that he made  inappropriate statements  over a  period of time  with his aide, Rebekah Mason. In a press conference, Bentley denied he had done anything illegal while also denying that he had a  physical affair  or  sexual activity  with his aide.Gov. Robert Bentley denies ""physical affair."" #alpolitics pic.twitter.com/YURnodcVD4  Tim Lockette (@TLockette_Star) March 23, 2016The revelation comes after Spencer Collier, the former Secretary of Alabama Law Enforcement, claimed that the governor was involved in an extramarital affair.Spencer Collier, who was fired Tuesday, has come forward with claims that he heard a recording that indicates the governor had an improper personal relationship with political adviser Rebekah Mason, and that Bentley refused to end the relationship even though it cost him his marriage to Dianne Bentley.Collier also claimed that, according to a New York Times report,  he had cautioned the governor about the risk of illegal conduct if any state resources were used to facilitate an affair A local news website, Al.com, has heard the tape in question.AL.com has heard the recording   though not from Collier   in which a man who sounds like Bentley speaks to a woman he calls  Rebekah.  On it he describes how he likes to approach her from behind and put his hands on her.At other times he says he loves her, and that he should re-arrange his office to make it more private.Like many other conservative Republicans caught in these situations, Bentley identified himself with the  family values  movement on the conservative right.The 72-year-old Bentley, a Republican serving in his second term, repeatedly has touted his Christian faith and conservative  family values  to attract voters. He long has served as a deacon at First Baptist Church of Tuscaloosa. Bentley made national headlines in 2011 when, shortly after his inauguration, he said,  Anybody here today who has not accepted Jesus Christ as their savior, I m telling you, you re not my brother and you re not my sister. And I want to be your brother. It s only matter of time before all of the  family values  GOP politicians are caught in some kind of sexual scandal or another.Featured image via Flickr",0
7328, Michele Bachmann Believes God Was Punishing Obama With Brussels Terrorist Attacks,"While most of us probably wish former Congresswoman Michele Bachmann (R-MN) would just go away, she reared her head again on Wednesday to do what conservatives do best: blame and insult President Barack Obama.In a column for WorldNetDaily, Bachmann has written something so absolutely ridiculous and senseless that one has to wonder if she was intoxicated when she thought of it. In a blog post, Bachmann absolutely loses it and goes on an enormous rant on all of Obama s supposed failures, noting that  This week, a United States president was humiliated on the world s stage by an aging, insulting Communist dictator.  While the entire post is preposterous, the real kicker is when she reveals her belief that God sent terrorists to carry out the tragic Brussels attacks to humiliate Obama and punish him because he made a historical visit to Cuba instead of attending the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference. Seriously, she even titled the post  Obama Visits Cuba While Civilization Burns . She wrote: Maybe our president s humiliation comes in a manner so devastating it makes one wonder whether the Creator of humankind isn t reminding this world of the inferiority of foolishness in the face of wisdom.The president once again mocked his nemesis, the Jewish people and the nation of Israel, by cleverly turning the international press corps toward his brilliant work in Cuba, instead of covering ongoing Islamic attacks against the Jewish state as outlined that very same day at the annual pro-Israel AIPAC meeting in Washington, D.C.History changed less than 24 hours later in the blink of an eye, and the rug was pulled out from under his well-laid plans.Obama s slavish press corps was forced to turn their uncritical gaze from adoring him to revealing the newest carnage in Brussels.Our eyes were spellbound. You can read the entire belligerent post here. To be perfectly honest, if Bachmann is trying to make Christianity look bad, she s doing an amazing job. Claiming that God would send terrorists to kill 31 and wound approximately 250 people just to soil Obama s reputation is not really a great approach for the religious right.We re sure numerous conservatives will stand behind Bachmann, confidently believing that if only the President had been at the AIPAC conference instead of Cuba, God would have been happy and the Brussels attack wouldn t have happened! Bachmann ended the post by accusing Obama for peddling the dangerous fantasy of multicultural diversity, globalization and one-world nonsense.  And by saying: The choice is ours. Which leaders will we choose? Not little big man. Not today. Featured image via Getty Images",0
7329, Florida Judge Blames Rape Victim For Attending Music Festival,"The Ultra Music Festival in Miami is one of the largest electronic dance music festivals in the World. Over 170,000 people attended this year, and with it came several arrests, but one of the most horrific was the rape of a tourist from Brazil, which was blamed by a Florida judge due to the festival.Transit worker for the Department of Transportation and Public Works in Miami, Carl Lee Wilt, allegedly took the 22-year-old girl into a utility closet after she was prevented from boarding a public transit train for being too intoxicated, according to the police report.A witness harassed police officers in the area for 15 minutes until they decided to knock on the utility door, which Wilt opened five minutes later with his pants undone. Police said Wilt admitted to sexually assaulting the girl, but apparently stopped when she defecated herself.The girl told officers she had no recollection of how she met Wilt or what happened during their encounter.Miami-Dade judge Nushin Sayfie ordered Wilt be held without bond, who faces kidnapping and sexual battery charges, but then proceeded to blame the victim and the Ultra Music Festival for the rape. This is why we shouldn t let our kids go to Ultra   right here,  Sayfie said, who was appointed by former Republican Florida Governor Charlie Crist in 2007. Her argument is straight out of the 1984 Kevin Bacon film, Footloose, in which a small town has banned dancing and rock music. Unlike policing victims  behavior, educating people about rape can make lasting progress toward prevention. One study showed that after just one hour of education on sexual assault, men were less likely to believe myths about rape or consider being sexually coercive,  wrote Suzannah Weiss in a 2015 article for Bustle.  Once we recognize that sexual assault can happen to anyone, we can stop wondering what the victim did to deserve it and start wondering what allowed the perpetrator to go through with it. That s the only way we can gain the control we crave and create the  just world  we want to believe in. It is deeply disturbing this type of  blame-the-victim  language is coming from a judge in one of the biggest cities in the country. Carl Lee Wilt would have raped someone given the opportunity to, no matter whether there was a dance festival going on or not. Judge Sayfie should reevaluate her own judgment on these issues before presiding over another similar case. Featured image via Flickr",0
7330, Everyone Needs To Watch Rosario Dawson’s Amazing Intro Speech For Bernie Sanders (VIDEO),"Last night at a rally in San Diego, California, actress Rosario Dawson gave the best introduction speech for Bernie Sanders since rapper Killer Mike introduced him in Atlanta several months ago. Ms. Dawson, who has appeared in movies such as Sin City, Clerks II, Death Proof, Grindhouse, and Men In Black II, ripped into the DNC and emphasized how important the stakes are in this presidential race. I am so happy that you re here,  Ms. Dawson told the crowd of over 7,000 Bernie Sanders  supporters.  Unfortunately the mass media said, don t even bother,  but I m glad you showed them what s up. Ms. Dawson is referring to the overwhelming lack of media coverage Bernie Sanders has received from mainstream media outlets compared to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. A report on the first eleven months of 2015 conducted by the Tyndall Report found Hillary Clinton received 113 minutes of coverage on CBS, ABC, and NBC nightly news broadcasts, with an additional 88 minutes dedicated to controversies surrounding her involvement in Benghazi and her private e-mail server as Secretary of State, which helped fuel her Democratic support base.In contrast, Senator Bernie Sanders received only ten minutes of coverage. While the mainstream media is partially to blame for the rise of Donald Trump as it has overwhelmingly focused on him so much that he doesn t even need to spend money on campaign marketing and advertising, they are also partially to blame for Hillary Clinton s victories with age demographics who receive the majority of their news from mainstream media (i.e. baby boomers). The youth has been on the right side of history on every issue. They talked about those hippie college kids when they were protesting against Vietnam. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who Bernie Sanders walked with, couldn t have done what he had done if it wasn t for high school students who said,  I m not afraid to do a sit-in.  They didn t listen to us when we said  no  on the bailout. They didn t talk about how beautiful and remarkable it was when people around the World marched for peace before the Iraq War,  added Ms. Dawson.She concluded the Bernie Sanders movement isn t about Democrats versus Republicans, its about the 99 percent rising up and saying  enough is enough  to the one percent. The Democratic Party, we haven t left them, they left us. This is an opportunity to turn the tide and change history. Do we really want someone who condoned mass incarceration? Who thinks the death penalty is OK? Who hesitates on environmental injustices and issues? Who thinks that regime change is an idea for foreign policy? No. What we need is bold leadership from a great leader whose time has come.  That leader is Senator Bernie Sanders. Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7331, Marvel Vows To Boycott Georgia If Discriminatory Religious Liberty Bill Becomes Law,"The studio of superheroes will leave Georgia rather than make movies in a state that bullies gay people.The First Amendment Defense Act passed the Republican-dominated Georgia legislature earlier this month, but has yet to be signed by Governor Nathan Deal.Should the bill become law, it will allow conservative  Christians  to use their religion as a shield to justify bigotry and discrimination toward same-sex couples and give religious organizations the ability to fire gay employees at will.The bill has caused an uproar and many companies have stopped or are threatening to stop doing business with the state if it becomes law.That includes the NFL, which promptly told Georgia officials that such a blatantly discriminatory law would cost Atlanta the Superbowl bid they have been desperately seeking.And now Marvel and Disney have made an even bigger threat.As most of us know, many of Disney s Marvel films are shot in Georgia because of the state s advantageous tax incentives. Captain America: Civil War was just recently filmed at Pine Wood studios in Atlanta and such a massive production means jobs for people in Georgia and a boost in the economy.But if Georgia chooses to enshrine bigotry into law, Marvel will take their heroes elsewhere. Disney and Marvel are inclusive companies, and although we have had great experiences filming in Georgia, we will plan to take our business elsewhere should any legislation allowing discriminatory practices be signed into state law,  Disney said in a statement that should worry Georgia officials to the core.It makes sense that Disney would pull the Marvel Cinematic Universe away from Georgia if this bill passes. After all, it s hard to imagine trying to film characters who believe in equality, fairness, and inclusiveness in an environment that promotes the exact opposite.Georgia would be well-advised to scuttle this bill before it costs them dearly. Because pissing off Captain America is not a good idea.Featured Image: Marvel s The Avengers",0
7332, After Brussels Terror Attack Republican Senator Renews Call For Religious Tests For Refugees,"Always eager to use a tragedy to erode the Constitution, immediately after the terror attack in Brussels, Republican Senator Tom Cotton renewed calls to pick out the  safe  refugees and let them come to America. What makes them  safe?  Why, they ll be Christians, of course! I think the U.S. has a moral imperative to try and save these Christians and the other small minority groups,  he said.  So I would create a special kind of visa program that wouldn t take any access away from anyone else in the United States, but would recognize that Christians   like Jews in the Soviet Union   are being singled out for persecution and elimination. That s in our interest, as it is in combating the Islamic State. That is, of course, total bullshit. ISIS has been slaughtering Muslims by the thousands for not being extreme enough. Sure, they re killing every OTHER religion they find, but the majority of their violence is reserved for their fellow Muslims.Curiously, Cotton seems to be lacking any and all empathy for them. Almost like he doesn t consider Muslims to be people. That s really the only way to talk about  moral imperatives  while ignoring the bulk of the victims of religious violence.That must be why he was one of the numerous Republicans that demanded all Syrian refugees be turned away from the United States   including children that were accused of being tiny terrorists. Where was his  moral imperative  then?Of course, once this proposal fails, Cotton will hold it up as  proof  that Christianity is under attack in America. Don t you see? The only POSSIBLE reason for not granting special privileges to Christians must be that liberals are trying to wipe out Christians! There s no way the Constitutional and (actual) moral prohibition against treating any one religion as superior (or inferior) could be involved.I wish I could say that this is an isolated incident but the two leading candidates for the Republican nomination, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, were just as repulsive in the wake of the attack. One insulted the stricken city of Brussels and the other attacked Islam and Obama. Very classy.By comparison, Tom Cotton almost seems like a human being instead of a callous monster.Featured image via AI archives. ",0
7333, WATCH: Clinton Destroys Trump And The GOP For Their Stupid Response To Terrorism,"A day after the terrorist attacks in Brussels, Belgium, Hillary Clinton gave a speech on counterterrorism at Stanford University in California.The speech was billed by the campaign as an opportunity to highlight  how now is a time for steady leadership when we must stand in solidarity with our European allies and respond firmly to defeat ISIS.  Both Democrats and Republicans have pointed out that by contrast to Clinton   former Senator, former Secretary of State   Donald Trump s foreign policy ideas have been haphazard, contradictory, and overall would endanger the country.On ISIS and the Belgium attacks, Clinton directly rejected Trump s kneejerk response that America needs to build his  beautiful  wall because,  Walls will not protect us from this threat. We cannot contain ISIS   we must defeat ISIS. Clinton took direct aim at Trump s recent reckless claim that America should pull away from NATO and our allies, pointing out that while Vladimir Putin  already hopes to divide Europe,  it could be even worse because,  if Mr. Trump gets his way, it ll be like Christmas in the Kremlin. .@HillaryClinton: ""If Mr. Trump gets his way, it'll be like Christmas in the Kremlin"" pic.twitter.com/u9D2QO5vx7  POLITICO (@politico) March 23, 2016She also went after Ted Cruz, noting,  slogans aren t a strategy  for global peace and security because  loose cannons tend to misfire.  She also called for reigning in Cruz s reckless rhetoric about carpet bombing of targets, saying doing so would be a  serious  mistake, instead she said,  What America needs is strong smart steady leadership. Clinton also echoed President Obama s condemnation of Cruz s proposal to send patrols into Muslim neighborhoods,  It s hard to imagine a more incendiary, foolish statement  and said: It s wrong, it s counterproductive, it s dangerous. In what is likely to be a consistent counterpoint to Trump s desire to  make America great again,  the former Secretary of State said,  America is a great nation. Instead of the aggressive, dangerous moves supported by Trump and the GOP, Clinton called for a plan that would  rely on what actually works, not bluster that alienates our partners  that would allow the United States to defeat ISIS.Featured image via Twitter",0
7334, NY Lawmakers Compare MMA Fighting To ‘Gay P*rn’ And Police Abuse,"On Tuesday, the New York State Assembly passed a bill that legalized mixed martial arts (MMA), but it was the debate leading up to the passage of the bill that got the most attention. State lawmakers compared the sport to slavery and gay porn, the claims were so outrageous that former UFC middleweight champion Chris Weidman said he was  embarrassed for them. New York is currently the only state that bans the popular MMA sport and this was the first time the State Assembly has ever brought it to a vote, despite the fact that the Senate has passed it seven years in a row. So when lawmakers finally passed the bill, it was a big deal, unfortunately, it was overshadowed by a whole lot of stupidity during the debate.Sadly one of the most mindblowing comments came from a Democrat: I thought I should learn a little bit about (MMA),  said Assemblyman Daniel O Donnell (D-Manhattan), who is gay.  Well, I should really like it. You have two nearly naked, hot men trying to dominate each other. That s gay porn with a different ending. I m going to assume that O Donnell, the brother of actress/comedian Rosie O Donnell, was trying to channel his sister and be funny with his dissenting opinion, but he failed miserably. He wasn t the only lawmaker to make a crazy comparison, Assemblyman Charles Barron said it was like slavery and police violence: You know how we feel about the chokehold in New York City. You can put him in a chokehold and the ref has to be determining whether he got choked enough or she got choked enough. This (sport) is not something we should legalize or regulate. That s taking it a little far. MMA fighters know exactly what their sport is about;  Eric Garner, however, did not expect the NYPD to choke him to death when he sold loose cigarettes. Comparing a sport to systematic police abuse is outrageous and offensive.When asked about the lawmakers  comparisons, Chris Weidman said: Some of the things they were saying were so ridiculous that I was actually happy and embarrassed for them for even bringing it up. It s things I ve heard people behind closed doors might be saying, but to hear them say it live and to the public, I actually thought it was pretty interesting   and probably good for us. I just thought it was embarrassing on their part. I have to agree with him, the lawmakers sounded ridiculous. We expect Republicans to make outlandish claims when they are arguing against something, but when Democrats do it, it s even more embarrassing. We are smarter than that and frankly, they should both apologize for their crass remarks.Featured image via Steve Marcus/Getty Images",0
7335, Are Republicans Abandoning Their War On The Poor To Fight Back Against Trump?,"Well this is a peculiar thing indeed! Paul Ryan, leading member of the Ayn Rand cult of hating the poor, has had a change of heart!Via Raw Story: There was a time when I would talk about a difference between  makers  and  takers  in our country, referring to people who accepted government benefits. But as I spent more time listening, and really learning the root causes of poverty, I realized I was wrong. A Republican admitting they were wrong about ANYTHING is like finding a four leaf clover in the Sahara. Finding a Republican that admits they were wrong to demonize the poor in America is like finding one on the Moon. But Ryan wasn t done, he made it absolutely clear what he meant: Takers  wasn t how to refer to a single mom stuck in a poverty trap, just trying to take care of her family. Most people don t want to be dependent. And to label a whole group of Americans that way was wrong. I shouldn t castigate a large group of Americans to make a point. So I stopped thinking about it that way and talking about it that way. But I didn t come out and say all this to be politically correct. I was just wrong. While I WANT to believe that Ryan had a true Come To Jesus moment, I don t believe for a second that he didn t understand the root causes of poverty. He just didn t care until Trump threatened to utterly annihilate the Republican Party by telling the base that the rich don t give a damn about them.A few days ago, I wrote about the National Review, the right s premiere collection of thought leaders, dropping the pretense that the right-wing elites consider the rural poor to be the  real America.  Years of pent up hostility and derision come flooding out like a tidal wave of scorn. I wondered if this meant that the Republican coalition of the poor and the rich was finally ending. But then how would the rich hold on to power without their useful idiots to vote for them?Ryan s sudden reversal on poverty suggests that while the National Review is giving up on the poor, the Republican Party itself is not. By finally talking about poverty instead of spewing hate at the poor, Republicans may finally be ready to address the actual problem instead of simply trying to sweep it under the rug. They ll have to if they want to reclaim their base from Trump.It would be the absolute height of irony if Donald Trump forced the Republican Party to move away from the fringe in order to start governing responsibly again.Featured image via AI archives ",0
7336, Obama Uses Ted Cruz’s Own Father To Prove Cruz Is A Morally Reprehensible Bigot (VIDEO),"President Obama was in Argentina following his historic visit to Cuba, and it s clear that even thousands of miles away, he really cannot stand Ted Cruz. When asked about the Republican candidate s appalling calls to  patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods  during a news conference, Obama unloaded on the Texas senator.While Obama was busy in Cuba, Cruz and his fellow Republicans seized upon recent terror attacks in Brussels to promote their ugly anti-Muslim policy positions, which include such  enlightened  stances as  build a wall  and  ban Muslims  and, now, unconstitutionally surveil innocent American Muslims. Everyone from terrorism experts to the NYPD have condemned Cruz s remarks as unrealistic, morally abhorrent, and giving ISIS just what they want.Obama noticed another sick irony to Cruz s rush towards discrimination: His own family history. As far as the notion of having surveillance of neighborhoods with a Muslim presence, I just left a country [Cuba] that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance. Which, by the way, the father of Senator Cruz escaped for America, the land of the free The reality check must sting Cruz particularly hard because he s been deeply critical of Obama s softening stance towards Cuba. The basis of that criticism has always been that Cuba violates human rights by persecuting dissidents and perceived threats to its government. Cruz, being a well-known and unapologetic hypocrite, seems to have no problem with engaging in those very same undemocratic tactics as long as it s against people he personally doesn t like.Obama summarized Cruz s sickening vision of America s future by concluding that  the notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense. Obama: I just left a country that engages in neighborhood surveillance which [Ted Cruz s father] escaped for Americahttps://t.co/uNMj3dlIGy  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 23, 2016If there is any silver lining in Cruz s bold advocacy for institutional discrimination against Muslims, it s that it shows Americans just how radical his worldview really is. Even as  moderate  Republicans like Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush encourage voters to support Cruz to defeat Trump, we are reminded that there are not really a lesser of two evils option here. Both Cruz and Trump have staked their political campaigns on bigotry and unconstitutional attacks against groups they don t like. Neither has any place in the White House.Featured image via Fox News",0
7337, Young Trump’s Reason For Not Running For President Is Irony At Its Finest (VIDEO),"It s hard to believe that business mogul Donald Trump is not only in the presidential race, but actually LEADING the Republican candidates. Apparently he never saw the White House in his future, either  but clearly something has changed within the last few decades that inspired him to go for it.It just so happens that Trump originally had zero desire to run for President of The United States. Thanks to footage from an hour-long interview with Rona Barrett in 1980, it s been revealed that Trump didn t want to run because he thought it would be  a mean life.  Ironic, yes   but the real kicker comes after that, when Trump says: I also see it that somebody with strong views, and somebody with the kind of views that are maybe a little bit unpopular   which may be right but may be unpopular   wouldn t necessarily have a chance of getting elected against somebody with no great brain but a big smile. This clip was never aired, and it s certainly worth watching now for the ridiculous irony of it all:My, how things have changed over the last 36 years. If only Trump had stayed in this frame of mind throughout his life.For someone who didn t want to live  a mean life , Trump has certainly fulfilled that prophecy   and he hasn t even been elected! Trump has continued to spit out the most vile, racist, offensive rhetoric a presidential campaign has ever seen, and single-handedly continues to divide America even more. He has attacked immigrants, Muslims, women   basically any minority   and encouraged a terrifying brand of hate to wash over America as his supporters become increasingly violent and angry.Trump has even divided the Republican party, and his vulgar tactics continue to threaten its destruction. He s proven that he will go after anyone who threatens his ego, whether it s the President, fellow candidate, a politician, news anchor, etc. He s a bully, a racist, a misogynist and a liar who cannot be trusted with the future of America. He s probably become much of what his younger self didn t want to be, because without a doubt he is the candidate with  no great brain but a big smile. Featured image is a screenshot",0
7338, Watch This CBS Host Utterly DEMOLISH Ted Cruz For Being Racist,"Ted Cruz has said many stupid things during his run for the Republican nomination yet it s no surprise  he s still a contender among GOP candidates since all the choices are pretty bad. The senator from Texas faced tough questions from CBS This Morning hosts about his call for law enforcement officials to patrol Muslim communities. After the attacks in Belgium, Cruz said: We need to empower law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized. CBS hosts demanded an answer to his bizarre suggestion on how it would logistically work to patrol millions of Muslims who are not  ghetto-ized  in radical communities as Cruz had suggested. Cruz also admitted that he didn t even know how many Muslims live in America when asked by co-host Norah O Donnell. Co-host Gayle King then slammed Cruz: There are so many people that say that your comments are decidedly anti-Muslim, and that you re playing right into the hands of ISIS. You re giving them ammunition to come after us, to really take action against us. Instead of addressing the issue, the creepy Cruz went on a nonsensical tangent about political correctness. He said: Gayle with all respect, people are fed up with the political correctness of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Islamism is a political and theocratic philosophy that commands its adherents to wage violent jihad. King then pointed out Cruz was painting a broad population  with one brush. King is correct. Not only is Cruz painting millions of people with  one brush,  but his rhetoric is very dangerous because it vilifies millions of people and dehumanizing them. Moreover, as President Obama stated following the attacks on Belgium,  What they can do is scare and make people afraid and disrupt our daily lives and divide us and as long as we don t allow that to happen, we re gonna be okay. That s what Cruz does with his rhetoric: he divides Americans and that s not the type of leadership we need in this country.Watch Video Here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWLeXdHKOOM]  Featured image via video screenshot",0
7339," Adele Brings Whole Crowd Together To Dedicate Song To Brussels, And It’s Breathtaking (VIDEO)","When there are those who are injured and killed in terror attacks, there will also be those who stand behind them in solidarity to show their unending love and support. No greater example of this was exhibited than on Tuesday night in London s O2 arena when Adele dedicated a song to the city of Brussels, Belgium and got the entire crowd to sing along with her.Brussels is the latest city to feel the sting of those who see harming others as a means to be heard and get their way. These terrorists are cruel, yet unfortunately, no longer unusual. Too many of these attacks are occurring and there needs to be a united effort to stop the spread of terror across the globe.One way to show these inhumane monsters that their terror will not affect life as we know it, is by sticking together in times of need and moving forward with a bond that is greater than anything hatred can foster. By dedicating her song  Make You Feel My Love  to the city of Brussels and having the entire arena sing along while waving light proves that age-old saying from Martin Luther King, Jr.: Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. And this is, by far, one of the most perfect examples of such light and love. At the end, Adele was so touched that she said,  I don t think I ve ever actually been so moved in my life at one of my shows that was just so beautiful.  And it really, truly was.We re all standing with you Brussels.Featured image via YouTube",0
7340, Chuck Todd Bans Donald Trump From Phoning It In On Meet The Press,"For too long, media networks have allowed Donald Trump to have unfettered access to their shows via phone, and now Trump is starting to lose that privilege.It all started on Fox & Friends long before Trump announced that he was running for president. The hosts of that show would constantly invite his disembodied voice to make an appearance in order to bash President Obama or throw out some other ridiculous opinion on the story or issue of the day.And that laziness ended up being adopted by most networks after Trump threw his hat in the presidential ring. Even the Sunday shows that traditionally require candidates to actually show up in person allowed Trump to phone it in for the sake of ratings. This gave Trump a major advantage in that he wouldn t have to fly into New York to make appearances and get media coverage. He could get media coverage all the time without interrupting his campaign schedule.Interestingly, only Fox News Sunday showed some integrity and refused to let Trump call into the show. Host Chris Wallace made that decision early on calling the rule  a line worth holding  even if the network took a hit in the ratings.And now Meet The Press host Chuck Todd is cutting Trump s phone line as well.According to the New York Times,On Friday, Chuck Todd, the moderator of  Meet the Press,  told me he had only grudgingly allowed Mr. Trump to call in to his show earlier in the campaign, determining that he would rather have Mr. Trump take questions via phone than not at all.Now, Mr. Todd said, he will no longer allow Mr. Trump to do prescheduled interviews by phone on the NBC program.In addition, CNN has told the Times that  it would think twice before giving full coverage to a Trump news conference that devolves into an infomercial. Is the media finally beginning to realize that they are partly responsible for the rise of Trump? Has the media finally decided that they need to be more serious about this election and stop giving Trump free advertising? Are they finally going to start holding Trump accountable for what he says and does instead of letting him get away with saying and doing whatever he wants?For now, it looks like the media is heading in that direction, but ABC s  This Week With George Stephanopoulos  continues to let Trump phone it in and every network still covers every little thing Trump says, writes, or does for the sake of ratings instead of performing the journalistic duties Americans need them to do. They especially need the crucial Sunday news programs to start doing their jobs and stop letting Trump have his way. He needs to be forced to look the American people and news anchors in the eye when he is talking, and that s why his should have his phone taken away like a petulant child who refuses to get off the phone even after the parents tell him to. After all, as the New York Times points out,  the programs were named  Face the Nation  and  Meet the Press    not  Call the Nation  or  Phone the Press.  So if Trump wants media coverage, he ll appear to show up in person. That should always be the way it works.Featured Image: YouTube",0
7341, Bernie Sanders Absolutely CRUSHES Trump’s Barbaric Rhetoric On Jimmy Kimmel (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders appeared on Jimmy Kimmel to a wildly cheering crowd and he offered a voice of reason on a host of issues including the latest terror attacks in Belgium. In response to Trump s and Cruz s draconian calls to suppress Muslims, Bernie said: I think people get afraid, and for good reasons. ISIS is a disgusting, barbaric organization. We ve seen what they ve done in Paris, what they ve done in Brussels. People are afraid of an attack in the United States. But I think what we have to understand is we re not going to undermine the Constitution of the United States of America in order to effectively destroy ISIS. At the end of the day, we cannot allow the Trumps of the world to use these incidents to attack all of the Muslim people in the world. That is unfair. To imply that if somebody is a Muslim they re a terrorist, that is an outrageous statement.Watch Video Here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNJs_rqboBQ]On a lighter note, when Sanders appeared on Kimmel back in October, Kimmel said that he thought to himself: This is a very smart guy, he has some very interesting ideas, he obviously loves his country, but there s no way we ll still be seeing him in March.  And yet here you are. Are you surprised by this? Yes and no,  Sanders said, discussing why Americans found his ideas attractive including uplifting the middle class and pushing for free tuition for college students at public institutions.America needs more politicians like Sanders, because honesty and integrity are a rarity these days.Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7342, Cruz LITERALLY Steals Line From Legendary Movie To Defend Wife From Donald Trump (VIDEO),"It s clear Ted Cruz isn t even trying anymore. The Republican presidential candidate wasn t even able to use his own verbiage when defending his wife from an attack by Donald Trump.On Tuesday, Trump tweeted out, then deleted, then tweeted out again a bizarre threat aimed at Ted Cruz s wife Heidi.Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 23, 2016Then, in what could have just ended the weird battle between the two GOP frontrunners, Cruz tweets back:Pic of your wife not from us. Donald, if you try to attack Heidi, you're more of a coward than I thought. #classless https://t.co/0QpKSnjgnE  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 23, 2016End of story, right? Just leave it there, right?While appearing on CNN, Cruz was asked about this little Twitter run-in with Trump regarding their wives, and the bizarre threat Trump placed on Heidi. Cruz, apparently unable to think on his feet or come up with a response on his own and clearly thinking no one would notice, decided to literally use a line from the legendary movie  American President. There s a scene in the movie when fictional president Andrew Shepard played by Michael Douglas, says: You want a character debate, Bob? You better stick with me,  cause Sydney Ellen Wade is way out of your league. And what does Cruz say regarding Trump? And if Donald wants to get in a character fight, he s better off sticking with me, because Heidi is way out of his league. Watch here:Ted Cruz literally lifted a line from The American President pic.twitter.com/BdG7Qcr4Ye  Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) March 23, 2016C mon now, Cruz, did you think no one would notice? Or did you think you were funny? Or did you think the moment to be funny would be in the defense of your wife from a misogynistic monster?Even the defense of his own wife is disingenuous.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7343, Hillary Clinton DESTROYS Trump And Cruz During Inspiring Speech In Rejection Of Fear (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton delivered an inspiring speech last night in the wake of the attack on Brussels proving that she is more fit for the presidency than both Ted Cruz and Donald Trump.On Tuesday morning, terrorists attacked Brussels, Belgium with bombings that killed over 30 and injured over a 130 more.The Republican response from Donald Trump and Ted Cruz was predictable and galling. Both GOP candidates called for discriminating against Muslims as if every Muslim in the world were responsible for the actions of a few extremists.Trump repeated his calls for closing the border and banning Muslims from entering the country. He also repeated his intention to bring back torture.Cruz called for police to patrol Muslim neighborhoods and called for Americans to stop being politically correct, which is code meaning he wants us to discriminate against Muslims and be bigots toward them.During her victory speech in Arizona on Tuesday night, however, Hillary Clinton fired back at the bigotry of both Republican presidential wannabes. We live in a complex and dangerous world, and we need a commander-in-chief who can provide leadership that is strong, smart and above all, steady in taking on these threats,  Clinton declared. The last thing we need, my friends, are leaders who incite more fear. In the face of terror, America doesn t panic. We don t build walls or turn our backs on our allies. We can t throw out everything we know about what works and what doesn t and start torturing people. What Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and others are suggesting is not only wrong, it s dangerous. It will not keep us safe. This is a time for America to lead, not cower. And she only continued hammering Trump and Cruz, urging Americans to reject bigotry and violence and reaffirm America s commitment to our values of a United States that accepts diversity and is open to everyone. There s a lot of pessimistic talk. There s a lot of negativity. It s as if we aren t Americans. Nobody can beat us. They can t beat us anywhere  When we see people running for president of the United States who are literally inciting bigotry and violence we ve got to reclaim the promise of America for all our people, every single one of us. Here s the full speech via YouTube. The remarks reported here begin at the 5:00 mark.That s how America should respond to fear mongers and bigots and that s why Hillary Clinton is more qualified to be president than Cruz and Trump combined.Featured Image: Instagram",0
7344, Trump Issues Bizarre Threat To Ted Cruz’s Wife (TWEETS),"Donald Trump has once again taken to Twitter to issue a threat to a perceived rival, except this time he is launching the threats at the wife of Ted Cruz.We have been awaiting Trump s response to a hostile ad campaign designed to appeal to the religious right, which featured Melania Trump (Donald s wife and the prospective First Lady) in a naked photoshoot. The ad was put together by a pro-Cruz PAC. Anti-Trump group is running Facebook ads to drive up Mormon turnout in Utah and Arizona. https://t.co/v6ZZPKPMPp pic.twitter.com/Gps5KPbb2T  McKay Coppins (@mckaycoppins) March 21, 2016It appears that Trump is now making his play back at Ted Cruz, by aiming the guns at the Texas Senator s wife Heidi.Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 23, 2016Whether Trump has some beans to spill on Heidi, or he just huffing and puffing like some sort of fairy tale wolf   the spat marks a new low in an already desperately poisonous election season for the Republican party. Two potential candidates for the office of President of the United States trading  Yo  wife!  insults   it is an embarrassment to the election process.It also comes hot on the heels of the worrying news that US elections have just been ranked worst among the longstanding democracies of the world. America came flat last. As the Washington Post puts it:What do Argentina, Costa Rica and Brazil have in common?They all outranked the United States in a comparison of election standards and procedures conducted by the Electoral Integrity Project. The United States ranked 47th worldwide, out of 139 countries.So what is it that has driven America to the bottom of a league table of which we should be on top? The report states: experts expressed concern about the quality of the electoral laws, voter registration, the process of drawing district boundaries, as well as the regulation of campaign finance, In short, the game is rigged to a degree in the United States, which it is not elsewhere in the developed world. This issue should be front and center in this election campaign, with candidates doing everything they can to restore the integrity of American democracy. Instead, the Republican candidates are busy sl*t-shaming each other s wives.The electorate deserve better, and they should vote for better.Featured image via Screengrab/Flickr Creative Commons ",0
7345, Look How Differently President Obama And Donald Trump Talk About Women (VIDEO),"There are many differences between GOP Presidential hopeful Donald Trump and sitting President Barack Obama, but chief among them is the way they speak about the women in their lives, and women in general. This video draws out those difference in a stunning comparison.The video, put together by the brilliant team at Buzzfeed News, features Obama sharing a wish for his daughters to live as equals among men in their future. Meanwhile, Trump talks only about the  great body  of his teenage daughter Ivanka, while Howard Stern tells him he thinks she s hot.While Obama speaks about how much inspiration he takes from his wife Michelle and his two daughters, Trump is seen telling a female Apprentice contestant: Must be a pretty picture you dropping to your knees. When Obama speaks about his admiration for his mother, who raised him alone, and the struggles she faced in making ends meet and bringing up a son. At the other end of the spectrum, Trump tells a radio interviewer he has no plans to be involved in raising his next child   that s what his wife is for.The video features many more shockingly callous comments from Trump, who clearly has about as much respect for women and girls as he has for the truth. (Seriously, a recent study looking at more than 40 hours of campaign footage, found the Republican candidate lies on average, every five minutes.)https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeedNews/videos/1114564681897882/ Misogyny is not a joke. It is not some hobby horse that  angry women  ride around to piss men off. According to WHO figures, 1 in 3 women will experience sexual or physical abuse in her lifetime. It killed 18,000 American women in the last 12 years. This means that more women have been killed at the hands of their husbands and boyfriends since 9/11 than Americans died during 9/11 and in all terror attacks and wars since.This is a national (and global) crisis.As President, Barack Obama has done more for equal rights than many a President before him   but this is a project still in it s infancy. It would not survive the Presidency of Donald Trump. Should Mr Trump, or Mr Cruz for that matter, make it to the White House, it is likely that two generations of advances in women s rights will be unravelled. On reproductive rights, on equal pay, on prosecuting r*pe and s*xual assault, on s*xual harassment, on basic human respect   the Republican front runners are to the right of Ghengis Khan.These are views that should make the candidates unelectable in an advanced nation. It remains uncertain whether it makes them unelectable in America in 2016.But one thing is certain. If either makes it to the Oval Office, the US will be put into reverse gear on some of the most pivotal issues of our time   while the rest of the world drives forward.Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
7346, Former Nixon Aid Reveals Why The ‘War On Drugs’ Was Created — The Reason Will Make You Sick,"It s long been said that the  War on Drugs  is a fiction created by certain interests in society, in order to attack particular segments of the American population. There s been plausible deniability for a while, but now the truth is revealed by someone who was there when it was engineered.Harper s ran a piece written by Dan Baum, who was writing in support of drug legalization, in which a very honest and completely damning quote was given by former Nixon policy advisor John Ehrlichman. The quote will give even the most ardent anti-drug naysayers pause when they realize that the whole  war on drugs  that they ve completely bought into is a total lie.The quote is below:At the time, I was writing a book about the politics of drug prohibition. I started to ask Ehrlichman a series of earnest, wonky questions that he impatiently waved away.  You want to know what this was really all about?  he asked with the bluntness of a man who, after public disgrace and a stretch in federal prison, had little left to protect.  The Nixon campaign in 1968, and the Nixon White House after that, had two enemies: the antiwar left and black people. You understand what I m saying? We knew we couldn t make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did. I must have looked shocked. Ehrlichman just shrugged. Then he looked at his watch, handed me a signed copy of his steamy spy novel, The Company, and led me to the door.Source: JezebelThis false war has been carried on for decades by subsequent presidents, as a useful tool to continue suppressing anti-establishment segments of society. Just look at Ronald Reagan s crack  epidemic.  Former CIA officials have come forth to admit the drug was funneled into black neighborhoods as a form of social sabotage. It also provided an excuse for brutal over policing and mass incarceration of a majority of their young people for a growing profitable prison industrial complex.Baum also goes on to explain a huge reason why Republicans are so strongly against the legalization of marijuana, despite its obvious success:The citizens of the U.S. jurisdictions that legalized marijuana may have set in motion more machinery than most of them had imagined.  Without marijuana prohibition, the government can t sustain the drug war,  Ira Glasser, who ran the American Civil Liberties Union from 1978 to 2001, told me.  Without marijuana, the use of drugs is negligible, and you can t justify the law-enforcement and prison spending on the other drugs. Their use is vanishingly small. I always thought that if you could cut the marijuana head off the beast, the drug war couldn t be sustained. Source: JezebelWith the legalization of marijuana, a process has been started in America that would bring an end to a long-used secret Nixonian tool that was used for decades to attack liberal progressive and minority communities. This is exactly why Republicans are so strongly against it. It s time for this secret war on America by the right-wing to come to a permanent end.Featured image via Flickr",0
7347, Florida Police Recommend Unbelievably Light Charge For 2nd Amendment Mom,"Florida mom and hardcore gun nut Jamie Gilt is back in the news again after police recommended that she be charged in the incident that left her with a gunshot wound in her back.You probably all remember this idiot but if you don t, she is the pro-Second Amendment nutter who ran a Facebook page, Jamie Gilt For Gun Sense,  (it s been deleted) where she bragged about letting her 4-year-old son handle a firearm. All of her  responsible  gun owning ways came to a head earlier this month when she left her freedom extension within reach of her small son and he picked it up, shooting while she was driving.On Tuesday, Putnam County Sheriff s Capt. Gator DeLoach announced that the department is recommending she be charged for her stupidity, but their recommendation will surely piss you off.  According to CBS News:Police say they are recommending a charge of allowing a child access to a firearm.Gilt could face up to 180 days in jail, reports CBS affiliate WJAX. The State Attorney s Office will ultimately make a decision on if charges will be filed.That s right, the police think that she should only be charged with a misdemeanor even though her actions put her son in mortal danger. CBS News also reported that the Florida Department of Children and Families have opened a case, but it looks as though she still has custody of her son. This is unbelievably outrageous.At the very least Gilt should have been charged with felony child neglect. According to Florida law, felony child neglect is defined as:A caregiver s failure or omission to provide a child with the care, supervision, and services necessary to maintain the child s physical and mental health, including, but not limited to, food, nutrition, clothing, shelter, supervision, medicine, and medical services that a prudent person would consider essential for the well-being of the child.This woman left a deadly weapon within reach of her four-year-old son. Not only was it within reach, but he handled the weapon and shot her. He could have very easily shot himself and died. Thankfully, though, her dumb ass was the only person injured. Now, if that isn t a  failure to provide supervision  I have no idea what is.This woman should never be allowed to own a gun again and she should not be allowed custody of her child until she takes some very intensive parenting classes. Her refusal to practice proper gun safety almost killed that little boy, and if she walks away from this with nothing but a misdemeanor charge we will have witnessed another great injustice in the state of Florida.Featured image via CBS",0
7348," Bernie Sanders Gave EXCELLENT Speech On Israel, But Media Ignored It","Leading presidential candidates spoke in Washington DC recently at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in stark support for Israel. Senator Bernie Sanders did not attend, and his offer of sending a video message to be shown at the meeting was denied. Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, John Kasich, and even Hillary Clinton spoke at the conference, vehemently supporting Israel, which is currently under the leadership of the conservative Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu. Senator Sanders spoke about Israel while campaigning in Utah, and his approach was quite different than his opponents.Senator Sanders affirmed his support for Israel s security, but also noted the rights of the Palestinian people needed to be taken into account as well. Israel is one of America s closest allies, and we   as a nation   are committed not just to guaranteeing Israel s survival, but also to make sure that its people have a right to live in peace and security,  he said.  To my mind, as friends   long term friends with Israel   we are obligated to speak the truth as we see it. That is what real friendship demands, especially in difficult times. Our disagreements will come and go, and we must weather them constructively. But it is important among friends to be honest and truthful about differences that we may have. America and Israel have faced great challenges together. We have supported each other, and we will continue to do just that as we face a very daunting challenge and that is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. I am here to tell the American people that, if elected president, I will work tirelessly to advance the cause of peace as a partner and as a friend to Israel. But to be successful, we have also got to be a friend not only to Israel, but to the Palestinian people, where in Gaza unemployment today is 44 percent and we have there a poverty rate which is almost as high. Senator Sanders, who is Jewish and spent several months in Israel on Kibbutz when he was younger, gave a speech that differed significantly from any other presidential candidate s. Despite how different it was, media outlets gave very little attention to the speech given by Senator Sanders, while Hillary Clinton s speech garnered severe criticism from progressives and Palestinians who took offense to the imperialistic and military hawkish tone she took in line with the Republican candidates. As observers noted, as she ran down the list of  evolving threats,  the former U.S. secretary of state resorted to common neoconservative talking points,  wrote Lauren McCauley in Common Dreams. Hillary Clinton s AIPAC Speech was a symphony of craven, delusional pandering,  read a headline for an article on Slate.The PBS Frontline documentary,  Netanyahu at War provides an informative backdrop on the modern relations between the United States and Israel. Based on the speeches each presidential candidate gave on U.S.-Israel relations, Senator Bernie Sanders is the only presidential candidate who won t worsen the violence and conflict in the region, and who is devoted to taking steps towards peace, rather than using Israel as a tool to gain influence and power in the region.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7349," GOP Governor Blocks Minimum Wage Increase, Gives Staff +$70k Raise","In February 2016, the city of Birmingham, Alabama voted to increase its minimum wage by $2.85. It would have increased on March 1st to $8.50 and then again to $10.10 a year later, but Republican Governor of Alabama Robert Bentley recently signed a bill banning cities from implementing any sort of minimum wage increases, while the state s minimum wage remains at the federal minimum of $7.25. Alabama remains one of the few states in the country without a state minimum wage law. Republicans used the same old argument in opposition of increasing the minimum wage, alleging it hurts businesses and the economy, when  in reality increasing minimum wage stimulates the economy by putting more money into the hands of the working class, especially in Alabama which has one of the highest poverty rates in the country.While Governor Bentley seems fixated on striking down any progressive reforms in his state, especially ones related to the national progressive movement to fight for a living wage of $15 an hour, it has been recently reported that the Governor gave his staff exorbitant raises in the past year.Four of his cabinet members received a raise of $73, 405 from their previous $91,000 salaries. Many of his other staff members received raises as well. Even many of his Republican colleagues felt obligated to vocalize their opposition to the raises. The Bentley administration says the state is broke,  Republican candidate for the Alabama State Board of Education, Jackie Zeigler, told the Alabama Political Reporter.  They have denied pay increases for teachers, State employees and retirees. They closed five State parks and cut back others. They closed 31 drivers license offices. They gutted the State Auditor s budget. They took 100 State troopers off the road. Meanwhile, behind the scenes, they were giving themselves huge pay raises. Cutting the normal people but adding to their own pay. This needs to stop. Just a few months ago, Governor Bentley took flack for using grant money from the BP Oil Spill meant to revamp affected beach communities on the Alabama coast to repair and renovate a second Governor s mansion, estimated to cost the state $1.8 million. With a Governor like this, Alabama, like most of the Republican strongholds in the south, are likely to remain hubs of poverty and growing wealth inequality.Featured image via Flickr",0
7350, WATCH: President Obama’s Dignified Response To Belgium Attacks Puts Republicans To Shame,"President Obama s response to the attacks on Belgium were dignified and hopeful, and it was exactly the opposite of the divisive and racist rhetoric of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, who took turns describing the frightening things they would do to Muslims if one of them is elected president. At a baseball game in Cuba, the president said: It s always a challenge when you have a terrorist attack anywhere in the world, particularly in this age of 24/7 news coverage. You want to be respectful and understand the gravity of the situation. But the whole premise of terrorism is to try to disrupt people s ordinary lives and one of my most powerful memories and one of my proudest moments as president was when I watched Boston respond after the marathon. Unlike the president, Ted Cruz s response was venomous and hateful and he had a sickening new plan, calling for Muslim neighborhoods to be under police watch. He said: We need to immediately halt the flow of refugees from countries with a significant al Qaida or ISIS presence. We need to empower law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized. We need to secure the southern border to prevent terrorist infiltration. And we need to execute a coherent campaign to utterly destroy ISIS. Then of course there is the crazy Donald Trump. Instead of sending condolences and creating unity, here s what he had to say: I ve been talking about this for a long time. Brussels was a beautiful place. Zero crime, and now it s a disaster city. It s a total disaster and we have to be very careful  as to who we allow into this country. As usual, nothing but opportunistic Republican politicians looking to cash in on a tragedy. But the president s words resonated hope. He continued by saying: They cannot defeat America. They don t produce anything. They don t have a message that appeals to the vast majority of Muslims or the vast majority of people around the world. What they can do is scare and make people afraid and disrupt our daily lives and divide us and as long as we don t allow that to happen, we re gonna be okay. Cruz and Trump are clearly falling into the trap of what terror is designed to do.  Let s hope they don t succeed because if they do, that means that terror has succeeded.Watch Video Here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDdTiKLhCcc] Featured image via Wikimedia Commons. ",0
7351, Bernie Sanders SKEWERS Trump And Cruz For Their ‘Unconstitutional’ Profiling Of Muslims (VIDEO),"While the Republican presidential candidates have responded to the tragic terrorist attacks in Brussels with the most despicable, xenophobic remarks, Bernie Sanders took a different approach and instead defended the Muslim community.The most notable reactions from the GOP following the bombings in Brussels came from none other than candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Trump   like most conservatives   criticized President Barack Obama and said that if this attack had happened while he was in office, he would  close up our borders.  The front runner, who previously said he would like to ban all Muslims from coming into America, also said that he would use waterboarding  as a solution and  try to expand the laws to go beyond waterboarding. Cruz s reaction was just as anti-Muslim and offensive   the Texas Senator issued a statement entitled  We Can No Longer Surrender to the Enemy Through Political Correctness,  which encouraged local police forces to  patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized. Sanders, on the other hand, offered some refreshing perspective. The Vermont senator denounced the GOP s xenophobia completely opposed Trump and Cruz s tactics, and said that he  strongly  disagreed with the idea of increasing surveillance on American Muslims because it would be  unconstitutional  and  wrong . Sanders said: That would be unconstitutional, it would be wrong. We are fighting a terrorist organization, a barbaric organization that is killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion. Instead of encouraging violence and hateful attitudes against Muslims, Sanders was in favor of improved intelligence sharing between the United States and other countries, as well as monitoring social media more closely in order to prevent ISIS from recruiting.You can watch Sanders  interview below:Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton issued her own response on Tuesday, stating that the United States should ramp up security cooperation, not only in our own country among all levels of authorities but also with Europeans. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7352, This Christian Mom Thought It Was A Good Idea To Put Her Hateful Rap Song On The Internet (VIDEO),"Her name is M.H. Weibe and she s here to rap about how evil trangender people are, and all that crap. This cartoon Christian s mind was spinnin  about her need to protect girls and women from predatory men in dresses in the bathroom. Then Jesus gave her an idea, not a good one it s true, but thanks to the Holy Spirit she knew what she had to do. She stood on a stage and dropped her rhymes, and now she will be mocked till the end of time.Yes, this Christian mother decided to get her point across   that transgender individuals do not deserve to be treated equally   with a shoddy, pathetic, embarrassing-for-her-three-kids rap song she seems to have hastily thrown together after a combination of methamphetamine use and heavy daydrinking. The song, entitled  Gender Bender,  is a response to Alberta, Canada adopting legislation that would require schools to allow transgender people to use the bathroom corresponding to the gender with which they identify.To most, this makes sense: girls use the girls  bathroom and boys use the boys  bathroom, no matter what they look like on the outside. But Weibe is of the mindset that Mother Nature doesn t f*ck up and put someone in the wrong body sometimes. To combat something she views as unnatural, she has decided to speak out   and good god, it is horrendous.Weibe argues that tax dollars hsould not be spent making sure that children of all walks of life are free from discrimination. After all, she points out, it is only a  few  who would be protected by new guidelines   and who wants to worry about the rights of a few people (6 to 13 children by her count) when a minority in her religious circle have a problem with it? This is just a fender bender, all over sex and gender,  she sings in the chorus.  Can we pick another issue, than to change our bathrooms for a few?  Of course, no changes would be made to the bathrooms   just to who can enter them without fear. But, of course, she doesn t care about the facts. The yucky transgenders are invading her bathrooms, after all.Weibe argues that the  animal kingdom  does it right because they  keep their gender  in the wild, though she offers nothing to explain how this is relevant. She also seems unaware that numerous species in the animal kingdom do, indeed, change their sexes for reasons that would be considered deeply personal in the human world. Mothers and fathers, the back bone of society, why would we change legislation over notoriety,  she raps poorly.  If we change the legislation, in a generation will result in anger, pain, frustration. Please citizens,  she says,  let s sieze the day  and pray for children, who are apparently harmed by treating those  few  with dignity.While she disabled comments on her own upload for obvious reasons, someone else was nice enough to preserve this for posterity and mockery   and people in the comment rection tore her to shreds:It s pretty clear that people are not fans, and that we will not be seeing her in a Jay-Z video anytime soon.Featured image via screengrab",0
7353, Christian School Board Member Orders Atheists To ‘Go Back In Their Hellhole’ If They Hate ‘Christmas Break’,"Right-wing Christian extremism is a cancer that is infecting American society at all levels, and the worst of it is that it has infected our school systems at an alarming level. Case in point   a school board member in Omaha, Nebraska, who literally told atheists to  crawl back in their hellhole    all over changing the school calendar to read  winter break  instead of  Christmas break. Paul Meyer, who sits on the Millard Public School Board, is your typical Christian extremist, hellbent on injecting his personal religious beliefs into government and ignoring the United States Constitution. Meyer insists that he is a little bit tired of a minute minority in this country that keeps pushing Christmas out, keep pushing God out, keep pushing Christ out, when the majority is still a Judeo-Christian country.  Meyer went on to say: I would like to make a motion that we rename this period Christmas break, and those atheists who don t like it can crawl back into their hellhole, because I, for one, will not put my Lord, my God, aside for a few atheists. And if they don t like it, the ACLU doesn t like it, the heck with them. Aside for this, another example is the fact that Meyer was on the wrong side when a State Board of Education member Pat MacPherson wrote racist opinions about President Obama. Regarding the school calendar issue, no one seconded Meyer s move to rename the winter break  Christmas break,  and now his religious intolerance has rendered the break nameless. Meyer went on to say: The responsibility of this board is to set a good example for the kids of this state. But what you show these kids is that the First Amendment is null and void, and does not apply to anyone if the speech Nazis disagree. So in other words, this guy sincerely believes that a  good example  is the idea that America is a Christian nation and no one else should get a voice, that Christian values should be everywhere, the Constitution be damned.This man needs to be kicked off the school board, as he has no business having any influence whatsoever over school children.Featured image via Omaha.com",0
7354, WATCH: Bernie Sanders Blasts Netanyahu’s Treatment Of President Obama (VIDEO),"On March 22, the 2016 presidential candidates made their cases before The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), a powerful lobbying group that advocates for Israeli interests in the United States.Missing from the annual policy conference was presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, the only Jewish candidate running for president. Although his grandparents immigrated to the United States from Poland, Sanders lived in Israel for a short period of time after graduating from the University of Chicago.While a scheduling conflict kept Senator Sanders from being able to attend the conference, he did offer to speak to the lobbying group via teleconference, as many others have done in the past. His offer was refused.In spite of being shut out of the conference, Sanders spoke to a crowd in Utah, giving his own foreign policy speech regarding Israel.Sanders told the crowd, I was invited along with other presidential candidates to be at the AIPAC conference in Washington, but obviously I could not make it because we are here.The issues that AIPAC is dealing with are very important issues and I wanted to give the same speech here as I would have given if we were at that conference.Let me begin by saying that I think I am probably the only candidate for president who has personal ties with Israel. I spent a number of months there when I was a young man on a kibbutz, so I know a little bit about Israel. Sanders went on to say, To my mind, as friends   long term friends with Israel   we are obligated to speak the truth as we see it. That is what real friendship demands, especially in difficult times.Our disagreements will come and go, and we must weather them constructively.But it is important among friends to be honest and truthful about differences that we may have. Senator Sanders willingness to speak honestly about the conflict in Gaza, and to openly criticize Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Natanyahu, no doubt had something to do with his absence from the AIPAC conference.During a Monday night interview with Chris Hayes, Sanders reminded the audience that Netanyahu is a  right-wing politician  a guy who kind of crashed the United States Congress to give his speech there, ignoring President Obama, and not even consulting with him, using it for political purposes back home He went on, saying, he s  a guy who has supported the growth of settlements, I think the overreaction and the destruction of Gaza has gone too-too far. Israel should not be bombing schools, or homes, or  just terrible damage there. Watch the interview here, via All In With Chris Hayes on Facebook. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Bernie Sanders: Netanyahu  is a right-wing politician  who  crashed the United States Congress Posted by All In with Chris Hayes on Monday, March 21, 2016As Addicting Info reported here, Netanyahu s government secretly solicited members of the United States Congress, bribing them to oppose President Obama s negotiations with Iran.Scathing new reports, which were made possible from leaked NSA wiretapping, show how Israel communicated directly with members of Congress. It proves that Netanyahu and his cohorts were attempting to essentially bribe Republicans into sabotaging the diplomatic efforts of a sitting United States president. A U.S. intelligence official who was involved in managing the NSA intercepts said Israel s communications with Republicans included such questions as:  How can we get your vote? What s it going to take? Senator Sanders was the first senator to boycott Netanyahu s unprecedented speech before Congress, saying point-blank that it was a deliberate attempt to undermine the authority of President Obama.When it comes to the Gaza Conflict, like President Obama, Senator Sanders is in favor of a two-state solution.During his speech in Utah, Sanders condemned violence from both Israel and Palestine, while refusing to gloss over the human rights violations committed against the people of Gaza, and carried out under Netanyahu s leadership.Watch Bernie Sanders full foreign policy speech below, via YouTube.Image credit: video screen capture via All In With Chris Hayes",0
7355," Looks Like Sarah Palin Is About To Become The Next Judge Judy — No, Really","When you try and fail at everything you do, try and try some more! Right? That s how the saying goes, isn t it? No?Well, it looks as if failed half-term governor of Alaska, failed vice presidential nominee, failed Fox News contributor, and failed reality star Sarah Palin is at it again, and this time around she s in talks for her own reality court show. Yes, you read that correctly. Clearly, juris doctor degree or any form of law experience be damned, Palin is gonna tell it like it is  in whatever way the words come out of her mouth (to be deciphered later).According to People: The onetime vice presidential candidate has been tapped to preside over a new reality court show that would premiere next year. She signed a deal in February with Montana-based production company Warm Springs, a source close to the process tells PEOPLE. It s a production deal,  the source explains.  What happens next is she ll meet with stations, make a pilot and sell it. Warm Springs first approached Palin with the idea in 2015 and has since put together a team that includes the TV executive who found Judge Judy and Judge Joe Brown.  Warm Springs Production had this to say regarding the project, which apparently has been in the works since last year: Palin s telegenic personality, wide appeal and common sense wisdom make her a natural for this kind of format and she was Warm Springs  top pick for this project. Yes, you read that correctly, they said  common sense wisdom  and a  telegenic personality,  because screeching incoherent ramblings is clearly what the people want, and who they d like deciding their fate in a courtroom.If the show actually sells it would begin in the fall of 2017. So, the good news would be if she got the show and Trump were to become president (knocks on wood) she ll be held up in a contract that would make it impossible for her to be part of his cabinet. Although, they d probably work something out. Reality stars unite!Just when you thought things couldn t get weirder, this happens. God save us all.Featured image via Flickr",0
7356, Fox News Despicably Blames THIS For The Belgium Attacks Instead Of The Terrorists (VIDEO),"Rather than placing the blame for the terrorist attacks in Brussels with the terrorists where it belongs, Fox News focused on blaming something totally unrelated instead.On multiple occasions during their coverage of the bombings that took the lives of over 30 people in Brussels on Tuesday morning, Fox News hosts and contributors all made sure to blame political correctness for the attacks, even though acting like a decent human being had nothing to do with the evil acts committed by a group of extremists.In a video compilation put together by Mediaite, several Fox hosts and contributors are shown citing political correctness as the cause of the attacks and urging Americans to disregard any consideration of the feelings of people who are discriminated against. As long as political correctness and fear of being called a bigot dominate we can t have the conversation,  said one Fox contributor at the beginning of the video. Another alluded to Donald Trump and how he is leading the Republican primary because he isn t politically correct, because that s somehow something to be proud of.Yet another Fox talking head called for dropping political correctness because that the only way to  protect the homeland.  There was even a suggestion that the only way to fix the threat of terrorism in our world is end political correctness. One Fox nut even claimed that political correctness is  literally killing us in this country.  Laura Ingraham even repeated that being PC can kill. Fox also complained about how they are hit with charges of Islamophobia whenever they cover ISIS and terrorist attacks.Here s the video via YouTube.But the problem is not that Fox is covering ISIS and terrorist attacks, it s that they usually always attack ALL Muslims as if the entire Muslim population is guilty of the attacks committed by a few religious extremists who do not represent the Muslim world, just like the KKK doesn t represent all Christians here in America.Being politically correct does not cause terrorist attacks. Hate and intolerance does and you won t hear Fox News talk about that at all. They d rather waste their time whining about how they can t be hateful and intolerant of Muslims without being called out for being the racists they are.It s important that we treat innocent Muslims with respect and dignity during this tragic time. Discriminating against them also makes things worse and gives ISIS new potential recruits to target.For a  news  outlet that constantly claims to be aligned with Christianity, Fox News sure does like war, hate, and bigotry when what we need right now is love and unity.Also, how much more despicable can Fox News get using yet another terrible deadly act of violence to push their own political agenda instead of simply reporting the news and showing sympathy to the dead?Featured image via screen capture",0
7357," Patton Oswalt Dedicates ‘National Poetry Day’ To Donald Trump, And It’s Perfect (TWEET)","With the primaries indicating that Donald Trump is coming closer and closer to securing the Republican nomination for president, the reality of a Trump presidency is actually starting to sink in for many. If that reality terrifies you, you re likely in the majority. If you welcome the idea, what the f*ck is wrong with you?Trump is as racist as he is narcissistic, and he s pretty damn into himself. All the proof you need is at any rally where he makes his talking points about himself, and spends no time actually speaking in-depth on any policy positions. It s always about how much people love him and how  great  he is, or how  great  he ll be for the nation. Just count how many times he says  I,   me,  or  my.  Although, you ll likely lose count after around 1,000.Speaking on behalf of all sane and logical-minded individuals worldwide is none other than the brilliant comedian Patton Oswalt. He took to Twitter on  National Poetry Day  with the quintessential poem most would like to read to Trump.Oswalt perfectly tweets: via Twitter Is it crude? Yes, it sure is. As is Trump if you weren t already paying attention. In fact, Trump isn t only crude; he is vile in his contempt for the  other.  He s scapegoats all the nation s, or for that matter, the world s problems on anyone but those who are just like him. It s always someone else s fault, and he gets his band of merry morons to fall in line and believe him. It s pathetic, it s sad, and kinda scary.So, kudos to Oswalt for telling it like it is.And with the best response that is indicative of how we all likely feel:@pattonoswalt pic.twitter.com/CRLes5OSPp  Alexandra Cruz (@SweetTale4u) March 22, 2016Brava!Featured image via YouTube",0
7358, Ted Cruz Has A Sickening New Plan For America’s Muslims And It’s Even Worse Than Trump’s,"If ever there was a reminder that Sen. Ted Cruz is NOT the Republican Party s reasonable  alternative to Donald Trump, it s in his response to the Brussels terror attacks. Losing badly to Trump, Cruz is clearly feeling the pressure to capitalize on the tragedy to win some crucial votes   so he s gone all in on xenophobia, totalitarianism, and religious persecution. A hate cocktail sure to fire up his base.In a statement he released on Facebook, Cruz calls for the establishment of ghettos where America s Muslims can be contained and watched over by a specialized law enforcement group meant to police them. If that sounds a little to  Nazi-esque  for you, Cruz preemptively accused his critics of just being too  politically correct  to agree with him.Here s Cruz s terrifying vision for his presidency:We need to immediately halt the flow of refugees from countries with a significant al Qaida or ISIS presence.We need to empower law enforcement to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods before they become radicalized.We need to secure the southern border to prevent terrorist infiltration.And we need to execute a coherent campaign to utterly destroy ISIS.In other words, Cruz is plagiarizing Trump s  ban all Muslims  position, but adding that the Muslims already in the country should be  secured  in specific neighborhoods  before they become radicalized.  He doesn t bother clarifying how he would hope to accomplish this. Nor does he mention how he could legally target Muslims who had done nothing wrong just because his prejudice tells him they might some day.Being  Lying Ted  Cruz, he also couldn t help but spread a little misinformation about President Obama as well. Using the president s historic trip to Cuba as a strawman, Cruz bashed him for being on a diplomatic trip while Brussels was attacked, adding that Obama never visited Paris after the terror attacks there. It was an egregious lie, so shameless that a simple picture could debunk it.#COP21 Paying respect : President Obama & French President Hollande lay flowers at Bataclan concert hall in Paris. pic.twitter.com/YEMy7ZUDvk  Catherine Field (@CatherineField) November 30, 2015Needless to say, Muslim activist groups, who have watched in horror as hate crimes directed at Muslim Americans has steadily grown thanks to people like Cruz, were not amused by this latest call to trounce the Constitution based on hate and fear. It s really beyond belief that you have one of the leading presidential candidates calling for law enforcement to target religious communities totally based on the fact that they are of a particular faith,  CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper said by phone.  In normal times, this would be the sort of thing that would disqualify someone from running for dogcatcher, much less president of the United States. We call on voters to reject this.Undoubtedly, terrorism is a serious problem. But the solutions to it need to be much more mature than the Republicans seem to want to believe. Totalitarianism doesn t work   and never has. Discriminating against innocent Muslims because of a twisted death cult based in the Middle East is not only doomed to fail, but could backfire in ways that Cruz and Trump can t fathom from their  build a wall  childish ideology.Between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, it s hard to say who the bigger xenophobic bigot is. Both are consumed by a hatred towards scapegoated groups they hope to exploit in order to ensure people vote for them. At this point in the race, the two Republican frontrunners aren t just mirroring each other s disgusting policies, but actually driving one another to make them more abhorrent. A nuclear arms race of bigotry in a crucial moment in America s history.Featured image via screenshot",0
7359, This 19 Second Video Of Trump Shows Why Democrats Should Not Support Israel (VIDEO),"Like all other presidents since George H.W. Bush   President Obama has worked to build a closer relationship with Israel while still pushing them publicly to stop the development of their  Jews only  settlements that have all but made a 2 state solution impossible. The progressives in the Democratic party have pushed for accountability with Israel due to its horrific human rights violations against the Palestinians, which rules over them and denies them the most basic of human rights in the West Bank and Gaza. Yet, despite the billions of dollars of tax payer money we give but can t afford to give to Israel, politicians are tripping over each other to grovel to the American Israel Public Affairs committee (AIPAC), the powerful pro-Israel lobby group that can make or break a political career.That s why all the political candidates lined up to speak at the AIPAC conference yesterday (minus the only Jewish candidate   Bernie Sanders) to see who can kiss Israel s a** the best; each of the Republican presidential candidates using Israel as a cudgel to hammer President Obama for not sufficiently bowing to the needs of the Israel first   AIPAC conference.It was quite embarrassing to watch American leaders grovel to a group whose sole reason for being is to push the interests of a foreign country. Out of all of the pandering and ass kissing that happened at AIPAC   there was one moment that brought a long ovation from the crowd. And this one moment really encapsulates the sense of entitlement for Israel.Trump s best line:  with President Obama in his final year, yay! And the crowd erupts. One would think there was a Rosh Hashanah celebration with the kind of applause heard in the crowd, but alas   it was a group of right wing Americans applauding President Obama being in his final year in office.Because from their vantage point   President Obama is secretly trying to destroy Israel. Despite the billions of dollars sent each year, the diplomatic cover the president has provided Israel at the United Nations for its war crimes and apartheid state   they hate him. Despite the years of partisanship by Prime Minister Netanyahu   where he inserted himself into the 2012 Presidential election to help Mitt Romney or the multiple years of public defiance over international agreements on the Iran peace deal having brokered a deal with the Republican party to speak to Congress behind President Obama s back   they blame him.AIPAC is upset because of the president s deal with Iran over its nuclear weapons and would rather see America s kids go to war on Israel s behalf than have the diplomatic solution the president was able to broker, which the great majority of US military leaders have called a good deal. They are also upset because the president has refused to raise Israel s welfare check to $5 billion a year from the current $3 billion we give them, despite the fact that we can t afford clean water in Flint, Michigan.One good word to to describe AIPAC s  reaction to Trump s condemnation of the president is: ungrateful.Watch video here: With Pres. Obama in his final year   yay,  @realDonaldTrump says to cheers at #AIPAC2016: https://t.co/ivrbx3iG0B https://t.co/8iTFpuMZt9  CBSN (@CBSNLive) March 21, 2016Featured image via video screenshot. ",0
7360, Why Conservatives Need To Stop Whining About Obama Being In Cuba During Brussels Attack (VIDEO),"Terrorists attacked Brussels, Belgium in a tragedy that has left at least 30 people dead, and that means conservatives quickly attacked President Obama for being in Cuba at the time.On Twitter, conservatives did not waste any time using the act of terrorism to attack President Obama, who became the first American President to visit Cuba in 88 years since Calvin Coolidge did so in 1928.The historic trip is an effort to open the island nation to trade by normalizing relations enough to convince Congress to end the longtime embargo which remains one of the last remnants of the Cold War. It represents an opportunity to strengthen relations between our two nations and a chance to change Cuba from within via American tourism and business opportunities.Thus far, the trip has been successful as Cuba has welcomed President Obama with open arms. But once news broke of the terrorist attacks in Brussels, conservatives immediately sounded off about how President Obama is in Cuba while Europe suffers yet another attack and further criticized Obama for not cutting his trip short to run back to the White House.Here are some of the tweets.Brussels under attack. Obama on a tourist trio in Havana with his family. Says it all.  Marc Thiessen (@marcthiessen) March 22, 2016 Terrible optics: ISIS attacks Brussels and Obama is with the Castro Brothers in Cuba.  Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) March 22, 2016Obama should leave Cuba and head back to the White House Situation Room immediately. #brusselsattack  Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) March 22, 2016The two bozos above are Fox News contributors so it really comes as no surprise that they would shamelessly use a terrorist attack to launch their own attack on President Obama.Even Ted Cruz got in on the Obama bashing, calling for the president to leave Cuba and come back to the states or go directly to Brussels.And do what exactly?President Obama has been planning this trip to Cuba for months, and it s not like leaving now will change anything. The truth is that there is very little President Obama can do beyond offering American condolences and offering assistance, which he has already done via phone call with Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel.Furthermore, President Obama already receives constant briefings on the situation even though he s not at the White House. And as president, he can order any actions necessary from wherever he happens to be on the planet. In other words, he doesn t have to be in Washington or in Brussels to handle the attacks.In addition, this major terrorist attack did not occur in the United States. And if it had, it is likely President Obama would have hopped on Air Force One as soon as possible, but still would have the power to make the necessary communications with his staff while preparing for takeoff. In short, leaps in communication technology have made it possible for presidents to be in several places and deal with several situations at once from anywhere in the world.Let s not act like Brussels can t handle the situation. NATO is based there and Belgium has plenty of allies around them ready to help when asked. A visit from President Obama would just be a distraction because it would require security and police forces pay attention to keeping him safe instead of paying attention to the attack, the victims, and who perpetrated it.And the one really big reason why conservatives need to shut the hell up about President Obama not dropping everything to respond to a terrorist attack overseas is the fact that former President George W. Bush did the same thing in 2001, except the terrorist attack was the worst ever on American soil.That s right, even as New York City and Washington D.C. were under attack on September 11th, Bush kept his plan to read a story book to children at Emma T. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota, Florida. Even after being told of the attacks in the middle of reading My Pet Goat, Bush continued to read instead of immediately jumping on board Air Force One to get to the Situation Room. And if there were ever a time to cancel plans and return to Washington, that was it. But Bush not only finished the book, he delivered a short scheduled speech and remained at the school for 30 minutes after being told about the attack the first time. And then he headed to the airport.But it left an image of a president who didn t seem to care about doing something as commander-in-chief to deal with the unfolding tragedy in our own country that would scar us and this nation for more than a decade and beyond.I don t recall conservatives whining about President Bush then, so they really shouldn t be whining about President Obama now. Featured image via Wikimedia",0
7361, Donald Trump Insults Obama: ‘I Wonder If They’re Setting Up A Little Area In Cuba For The Muslim Population’ (VIDEO),"Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is never at a loss for words. As the world is still in shock and reeling from news of the terrorist bombings in Brussels Tuesday morning, the business mogul didn t hesitate to make truly despicable remarks about the attacks on Twitter, as well as insult President Barack Obama s historic trip to Havana, Cuba.In an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo, Trump used the terrorist attacks to imply that Obama s Cuba visit may correspond with setting up a little area in Cuba for the Muslim population.  Trump also said the bombings were a sure sign that if the United States doesn t secure its border, it is going to lead to just catastrophic problems.  The disgraced candidate actually had the nerve to say that a big part of the reason he has been  leading on the Republican side by a lot  was because of his racist, offensively strong position on building walls and controlling the border.Fox News was more than happy to follow Trump on his criticisms of Obama, with Bartiromo noting that it was  interesting  that the President would be speaking at a press conference during his last day in Cuba. She said: Isn t it interesting that now we understand that President Obama will give a live press conference later on today? He s probably going to discuss the terrorist attack from the brutal communist dictatorship of Cuba. So, what irony that is. Trump jumped in and asked, I wonder how many Muslims Cuba is taking in every year? I wonder if they re setting up a little area in Cuba for the Muslim population. Bartiromo moved right on through the interview, without even clarifying with Trump just why he would connect Muslim camps in Cuba to the President s visit. You can watch the video of Trump s disrespectful comments below:Now, the fact that Trump is making inflammatory remarks about Muslims is no surprise as he has been expressing anti-Islamic sentiments throughout his entire campaign. However, his remarks about Obama have different implications considering that Trump has become infamous for his claims that Obama was not born in America, and therefore should not be president. Trump started his own birther movement surrounding those claims, insisting that the President show his long-form birth certificate despite the overwhelming evidence that Obama was indeed an American citizen. Trump has also criticized Obama for making a speech at an American mosque, saying  Maybe he feels comfortable there. Just yesterday, Trump celebrated the fact that it was Obama s final year with a big  YAY!  while he spoke at the AIPAC conference. On the same day, Trump said Obama was the  worst thing to ever happen to Israel  during a town hall. It s becoming clear that Trump is now hell-bent on destroying Obama s image, despite the fact that the President has undoubtedly improved America and our relations with other countries.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7362, Seth Meyers Destroys The Central Economic Myth Of The GOP In One Brutal Sentence (VIDEO),"Late Night host Seth Meyers has delivered an explosive attack on the central myth of GOP economics by blowing up the Kansas scandal of Gov. Sam Brownback. In one brutal sentence, Meyers summed up the disaster economics of the Republican party, pointing out that they  wrecked the Kansas economy so bad they had to auction off d*ldos for cash. Republican Gov Sam Brownback presided over the total collapse of the Kansas economy, the the point of bankruptcy. His ultraconservative agenda has seen rampant privatization of public assets, particularly in education, which helps with his further aim of stripping back scientific and secular classes in favor of religious schooling. The results were outlined by Meyer in a truly stinging, and hilarious, rebuke of Republican-style economics. In the last few years, Kansas has become somewhat of a laboratory for Conservative Gov. Sam Brownback who cut taxes for the wealthy and completely eliminated income taxes for small businesses. A plan he boldly described this way,  showing a clip of Gov. Brownback selling his authoritarian right wing budget plans as a  real live experiment . Real-live experiment  is a terrible sales pitch for something,  says Meyers Those words usually only show up in shady classified ads. Nevertheless, Brownback got his plans through and Kansas was submitted to the kind of terrifying economic experiment that Milton Friedman and the Chicago Boys put Latin Americans nations like Chile through in the 1970s.The results were nothing short of a disaster for the state, which lost $688 million in just a single year, and had its economy downgraded by the S&P. Things became so desperate, that one attempt to raise critically-needed revenues saw the state auction p*rnography and s*x toys from a business owing back taxes, after seizing their property. In closing, Meyers grins: And now, here are the jokes we made to make fun of the Kansas d*ldo auction: Nothing like selling fake d*cks to solve a problem created by a real one. Selling the d*ldos didn t solve the whole problem. Just the tip. It s hard to sell d*ldos to people who are already f*cked. And the worst one: D*ldo, I don t think we re in Kansas anymore. This sums up the myth of trickle down, right-wing economics perfectly. They promise you prosperity, but at the end of the day, you just end up being screwed.Featured image via screengrab",0
7363, Samantha Bee Broadcasts American Atheists Trolling CPAC And It Is GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"The Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) is full of hard-right Christians who hate the usual groups of people that we ve all heard of that group hating   most notably, those who do not believe in the Christian god. So, to that end, the last thing they want at that particular event is a group of atheists. However, that is just who showed up to the 2016 edition of CPAC.David Silverman is with what is arguably the largest and most vocal secular group in America   American Atheists. He also ran a booth at CPAC. As you can imagine, this was not a well-received endeavor. However, being one of the most outspoken atheists in America has its advantages, and Full Frontal host Samantha Bee broadcast Silverman s trolling of righteous Christians at CPAC on her show, Full Frontal. What happened can only be described as brilliant comedy gold.Silverman s booth and display included signs with messages such as  keep your theocracy out of my democracy.  Silverman also broadcast his contempt for religion, saying: Religion is a lie. A scam. A con. It has no redeeming values and it has no place in today s society. There were also undeniable statistical facts in the clip that gave the message that refuted the idea that there are no atheists, especially since the number of non religious Americans is at 56,000,000 and growing. It warned believers: Stop saying,  Hey, atheists! Go away! The thing is, we atheists aren t going anywhere; in fact the opposite is true. We are the fastest growing  religious  group   especially among young people, including conservatives. This was evidenced by the fact that young conservatives began approaching Silverman s booth and listening to what he had to say. Silverman even referenced GOP frontrunner Donald Trump as a reason young conservatives are turning away from religion, saying through another animation: The conservative coalition, with its disparate components, has always been a platypus, stitched together with other platypi to create a platy-franken-pus. Now it s rotting at the seams collapsing into a festering pile of platy, frank and pus, feasted on by orange maggots. This oozing and tropic goo might present a nourishing culture medium for the atheists at CPAC, but many were unhappy to see them. The thing is, Silverman is right. Religion in general is quickly dying, especially the extreme conservative variety. The fact that a huge secular presence was at them most conservative event held each year is most ominous indeed for that movement, and great for ours. Good for Samantha Bee for broadcasting this phenomenon, and for David Silverman for bringing it to light.Watch the video below in all its secular glory:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7364, Donald Trump’s Despicable Response To The Brussels Bombings Proves Him Unfit For President (VIDEO/TWEETS),"A terror attack on the EU capital of Brussels in Belgium on Tuesday morning has left nearly 30 people dead, and many more injured. As the world comes together to mourn the loss, Donald Trump issued a response that makes his unfitness for the Presidency abundantly clear.As the BBC reports:Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel told a press conference  scores  of people had been killed or injured in the attacks at the airport and Maelbeek metro station.The Belgian government has not confirmed casualty numbers. Brussels transport officials said 15 died at Maelbeek and media have reported up to 13 dead at the airport terminal.As Republican frontrunner and a potential President-in-waiting, Donald Trump would have been expected to send his thoughts to those who lost their lives, and all those grieving the sudden and tragic loss. Instead, he took the moment to double down on his racist war against all Muslims.Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 22, 2016Trump went on to call in to Fox News to bash the besieged Belgian city too. I ve been talking about this for a long time. Brussels was a beautiful place,  Trump said to Fox s Steve Doocy, Ainsley Earhardt, and Brian Kilmeade. Zero crime, and now it s a disaster city. It s a total disaster and we have to be very careful  as to who we allow into this country. This is the kind of scapegoating that will no doubt fuel a rash series of hate crimes against Muslim Europeans and Muslim Americans, or anyone who appears to be a Muslim   i.e. mixed race people, Sikhs, Hindus and other non-whites.Trump s biggest cheerleader, conservative columnist Ann Coulter, also failed to show the basic courtesy of expressing her respects to the dead, or their loved ones.Dozens of ppl being carted out on stretchers from Brussels airport & on CNN they're talking @ how Belgium hasn't made Muslims feel ""welcome""  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 22, 2016Trump s closest competitor, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, did exactly the same.We will name our enemy   radical Islamic terrorism. And we will defeat it. https://t.co/Z7YTgUg3AA  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 22, 2016To put these comments in perspective, we should compare them to those of other world leaders and commentators.Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a strong condemnation of the attacks, together with moral and practical support to the victims.I strongly condemn today's deplorable terrorist attacks in Brussels. My thoughts are with the victims as we stand with Belgium & the EU.  Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) March 22, 2016#Belgium: Explosions at Brussels Airport and Maelbeek metro station. Follow instructions of Belgian @CrisiscenterBE pic.twitter.com/7j4rqxCPZp  Embassy of Canada (@CanEmbBeLux) March 22, 2016The Prime Minister of Australia was also quick to come forward with a statesman-like response to the tragedy.Deeply concerned by the attacks in Brussels. Australians' thoughts, prayers & solidarity are with the people of Belgium.  Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) March 22, 2016The Chief of Staff of German leader Angela Merkel also issued a stirring message on the attacks in English.All solidarity now with EU, Belgium, #Brussels! Terrorists will never win: Our European values much stronger than hate, violence, terror!  Peter Altmaier (@peteraltmaier) March 22, 2016All leaders are calling for a calm and effective response to the immediate threat, solidarity in confronting the threat of terrorism in the longer term, and genuine compassion for those who have lost their lives or loved ones. The appalling behavior of the American right in the midst of this grief is a great embarrassment. If Mr. Trump cannot elevate himself to the level of statesman at a moment of crisis like this, he truly has no place near, let alone in, the White House. Featured image via Flickr/screengrab",0
7365, Samantha Bee BLASTS GOP Over ‘C*ckblocking’ Of Obama’s SCOTUS Nominee (VIDEO),"Full Frontal host Samantha Bee is NOT one to mince words. She took the GOP to the woodshed in the latest episode of her show because of their refusal to even consider President Obama s nominee to replace deceased Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. The worst part of it is that it is a blatant ploy to keep the highest court in the land tipped in favor of conservatives, because, by all definitions, the nominee, Merrick Garland, isn t even a liberal. He s a centrist. Granted, he d rule with common sense and he isn t a flaming bigot, so, by GOP standards, that makes him further left than Bernie Sanders.Bee railed them, saying: Why are you c*ckblocking this gentle law Hobbit? She then went on to take half-melted Reagan dummy from Madame Tussaud s wax museum  Ted Cruz, as well as other GOPers to task for referring to President Obama as a  lame duck.  Bee said: Jesus Christ, he s not a lame duck. He s three trimesters away from lame duckery. A president s term is four years; you can t say three of them are legitimate and the fourth is garbage. They re not Indiana Jones movies. Finally, the hilarious host pointed out the huge gamble here: they can either go with Garland, or they can wait for Hillary Clinton to nominate   a transgender Black Panther abortion doctor  or for Donald Trump to go with   a pile of Maxim magazines. Either way, they lose BIG.Bee is beyond right here, of course. This is just the GOP playing politics, trying to take President Obama s right and duty to do his job in his last year in office away. Goddammit, GOP Senators, stop acting like babies and #DoYourJob.Watch the video below via Crooks and Liars:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7366, Conservatives Freak Out After Seeing Obama In Front Of Che Guevara Mural (TWEETS),"President Barack Obama singlehandedly caused a collective right-wing freak out on Monday when he took a picture in front of a Cuban ministry building that just happened to have a Che Guevara mural.Obama has been in Cuba since Sunday, making the trip a truly historic three day visit because a sitting U.S. president hasn t visited the country in 88 years. During the trip, Obama is accompanied by his family and dozens of American politicians and business leaders who are aiding the President in a crucial initiative to build a bridge between the U.S. and Cuba   two countries that have had political differences for decades. This photograph (along with many others) was taken as Obama was taking part in a wreath laying ceremony with several other officials in Havana s Revolution Plaza.Obamas s cause was noble, but as soon as word got out about the photograph, conservative websites didn t hesitate to start bashing the President for posing in front of the image of the Cuban Marxist revolutionary leader. The Drudge Report was one of the first, throwing up the photo on their site and captioning it with  Mission Accomplished. Drudge ReportTownhall.com called the photo a  gem of a picture,  and The Washington Examiner said the image had created a  fresh wave of fury.  The outrage continued on social media, as conservatives on Twitter unleashed an avalanche of accusations and insults. One user called Obama  a disgrace  while another criticized the President for posing with Che Guevara s image but not going to Navy SEAL Chris Kyle s memorial service in 2013.TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterConservatives have been slamming Obama ever since he stepped foot in Cuba yesterday, obviously because they are more in favor of hostile, divisive relations than the mutual understanding and respect that the President is trying to create. Both Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz and former (failed) GOP candidate Marco Rubio have openly condemned Obama s visit. The Right s reaction to Obama s photograph and overall visit to Cuba is just more proof that they will oppose, and try to tear down Obama any chance they get   no matter how far-reaching their reactions are. Featured image via Twitter",0
7367, Trump Says Obama’s Presidency Is ‘Worst Thing To Ever Happen To Israel’ (VIDEO),"While appearing on the CNN presidential town hall, Donald Trump likely made the most asinine statement ever uttered. After being asked about Israel, Trump proceeds to tell Wolf Blitzer that President Obama has been the  worst thing to ever happen to Israel. He said: President Obama  the worst president that Israel has ever  probably one of the worst things that s ever happened to Israel. Yeah, that damn Obama ensuring diplomacy and trying to disarm a nuclear Iran all while still making sure Israel gets $8.6 million per day from US taxpayers. Totally awful for Israel. (sense the sarcasm)Donald Trump clearly has no clue what he s talking about, because if he did, those words would have never been uttered out of his mouth.You know what would be terrible for Israel, the entire Middle East and the world? Something that could very likely render a third world war because of leadership that doesn t know how to careful maneuver foreign diplomacy and policy? A Republican presidency. In particular, a Trump presidency.Trump is all talk, and this talk is just outright wrong.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Featured image: Addicting Info Archives via Gage Skidmore (Flickr)",0
7368, Arizona GOP Passes Bill To Punish Cities With Budget Cuts If They Pass Paid Sick Leave Laws,"If cities want to try and help their workers get paid sick leave, the Arizona state government will punish them with harmful budget cuts.Most sane people agree that it makes sense for workers to have paid sick leave. After all, who wants to eat food prepared by a worker who has the flu but came to work anyway because they can t afford to take an unpaid day off?The minimum wage in Arizona is $8.05 an hour, one of the lowest in the nation. And of course, Arizona is controlled by Republicans who couldn t give a flying f*ck if their citizens are so underpaid that they have to go to work sick or risk not being able to pay the rent that month.Cities once attempted to raise the minimum wage for workers, but Arizona Republicans shut them down with a law forbidding them to do so. But the people got pissed and overturned the law via referendum, which angered Republicans so much that they tried to pass another law limiting minimum wage. You know, because serfs shouldn t be able to rise up against feudal lords. But once again, the people of Arizona got the law struck down in court which has caused Republicans to hold a grudge against the peasants ever since.So when Tempe, Arizona made an effort to pass a mandatory paid sick leave law, Arizona Republicans in the state legislature reacted immediately to make sure big corporations don t have to pay a cent to help the workers who work so hard to make the company rich.Bloomberg reports:Arizona s House passed a bill on March 1 specifying that cities aren t allowed to require private employers to provide paid sick leave or vacation. The state Senate has passed companion legislation that would cut state funds, used to pay for services like police and firefighting, for cities that try to supersede state laws.Arizona Republicans are literally threatening cities across the state with critical budget cuts that fund critical services if they dare lift a finger to help workers. Governor Doug Ducey also supports the legislation so it could very well become law.And if you aren t quite pissed off enough yet, just wait till you read what Arizona GOP Senator Andy Biggs had to say about his party s effort to make workers feel like slaves.According to Biggs, cities  think that they re an independent and sovereign entity from the state, which is not true they re a creature of the state. You can t put a municipality in jail, nor would we. What we re really seeking to do is provide a deterrent effect. Yeah, the kind of deterrent that says Republicans are flaming hypocrites when it comes to saying they support small government. Instead of cheering on local governments for making decisions themselves, Arizona Republicans have declared that the state is a mini-tyranny where only the state gets to make the rules and good luck getting any money for your city or town to protect yourself against bands of thieves, killers, and fires if you rebel against King John in an effort to help the working poor.Seriously, where s Robin Hood when you need him?Featured image via Wikimedia",0
7369, Reporter: How Creepy Donald Trump ‘Hit On’ Me Today (TWEET),"Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump allegedly hit on a journalist on Monday. According to Karen Attiah, deputy digital editor for the Washington Post, Trump told her she was  beautiful  as she asked him a detailed question about his policies on racial inclusion. The incident happened as Trump met with the editorial board of the Washington Post on Monday.So. I got hit on today by Donald Trump.  Karen Attiah (@KarenAttiah) March 21, 2016As the meeting ended and we were walking out of the room, I thanked Trump for taking my question. He turned to me and said,  I really hope I answered your question,  and added casually with a smile,  Beautiful.  I was stunned. I didn t say thank you, and I don t think I smiled. He then walked out to meet with my Post colleagues briefly before heading to the elevator.I stayed in the conference room for a few minutes as it sunk in that the potential GOP nominee for president thought it was okay to comment on my appearance. Did he just say that?The moment made Attiah think about how Trump views the world, noting that, In Trump s world, commenting on a woman s appearance in a professional setting is fair game. She added:At least now I know, firsthand, that the sexism that Trump puts on display against Megyn Kelly under the lights of national TV is not that much different from how he is in real life toward female journalists.Trump has a history of bizarre behavior and language directed towards women.Appearing on the Howard Stern radio show, Trump discussed Latina actress Eva Longoria, telling Stern: She s really cute, I have to tell you, she s really bouncy, really cute. She s about five foot one. Do you like girls that are five foot one? They come up to you know where. He added: You have to get started, you have to like short girls. She s very, very short. You know, she goes out with a basketball player, which is interesting but she s very short. In other clips from his appearances on Stern, Trump could be heard ranking, rating and degrading various women. For instance:In one instance, Trump ranked his top 10 most beautiful women, and while his then-girlfriend Melania Knauss took the top spot, Trump told Stern he definitely would have sex with Mariah Carey, Cindy Crawford, and Princess Diana, who also made the list. In another appearance, Trump assigned each of the actors on ABC s Desperate Housewives a score of 1 to 10 based on their attractiveness. He said of one of the actors, Nicollette Sheridan:  A person who is very flat-chested is very hard to be a 10.  When he got to Marcia Cross, he asked Stern,  Would you go out with Marcia Cross or would you turn gay, Howard? Trump has a problem with women, particularly assertive women in a position of authority. This incident just appears to be more evidence of that.Featured image via Twitter/Flickr",0
7370, Elizabeth Warren Just Won The Social Media War Trump Started With Her In One Brutal Post,"We ve become so accustomed to Donald Trump s Twitter rants that hardly anyone pays attention anymore. His formula for a social media  battle  is simple: If you make fun of or disagree with Donald Trump in any way he will attack you on Twitter. While there are some who are hesitant to fight back, possibly for fear they could be arrested and executed for treason under a fascist Trump regime, there are others who take the responsibility of making Trump look stupid fairly seriously.One of those people Senator Elizabeth Warren. Warren, the outspoken Democrat from Massachusetts, wasn t about to allow Donald Trump to walk all over her, making him pay for his indiscretions in what he would consider the worst way possible: Taking a beatdown from a woman. When all was said and done, Trump looked like a total loser and Warren came out looking like an intelligent, sophisticated woman who had just curb-stomped Donald Trump.As a final blow to Trump s ego, the senator posted a final thought on her Facebook page, putting an end to The Donald s stupidity once and for all:https://www.facebook.com/ElizabethWarren/posts/10153621490203687How many ways can a person come up with to call Donald Trump a loser? It appears Elizabeth Warren managed to cover them all. From a loser at business to a loser misogynist to a bigoted loser, she took Trump to the woodshed in such a way that she has definitely made an enemy for life. This is Elizabeth Warren we re talking about, so there s very little chance she has a single rat s ass to give on the issue.One of these days Donald Trump will learn that just because a person is female they aren t automatically categorized as inferior. Quite the contrary. Elizabeth Warren may be physically smaller and she may not be able to fake a $10 billion net worth, but where Donald Trump is concerned she looks down at him from far above.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Wikipedia",0
7371, Red States Think A Bag Of Weed Is More Dangerous Than Illegal Guns,"Some red state Republican legislators are having severe emotional problems over the idea of a person carrying a bag of weed across state lines from Colorado. They seem to think that this is some kind of issue that is going to destroy their state with rampant crime. Oklahoma and Nebraska got so worked up over it, that they tried to force the SCOTUS to shut down Colorado s legal weed industry.The Republican argument is that it s causing crime to  come across state borders.  As a result, they petitioned the SCOTUS to force Colorado to shut down their legalized weed industry citing that marijuana is still illegal under federal law.To call this court case a  layer cake of profound Republican hypocrisy,  would be understating it. Let s run down a couple important points.Republicans are arguing that the supremacy clause of the Constitution means that federal law completely overrules state law, in regards to marijuana legalization. These are the same Republicans who HATE the federal government and insist that federal laws on things like guns should simply be ignored or  nullified  as the confederates like to say. They insist that state s rights are a thing, even in the face of their beloved supremacy clause.Republicans are A-Okay with things like guns flowing from states with weak gun laws into states with higher gun regulation. They do not care about the crime, terror, violence and death these cause because the NRA told them they are not allowed to care. That joint you brought home in your pocket, though, is an outright declaration of war by Colorado apparently.The SCOTUS rejected the case, saying that the states did not try to pursue the avenues available to them in lower courts first. The Department Of Justice said,  Entertaining the type of dispute at issue here   essentially that one state s laws make it more likely that third parties will violate federal and state law in another state   would represent a substantial and unwarranted expansion of this court s original jurisdiction. The likelihood of this case meeting any success on behalf of red states is low at best. The precedent set by some states being allowed to sue to rewrite the laws in other states would be a disaster for the courts, not to mention for Republicans  corporate overlords. The NRA would be in a gasping panic over a state like Illinois or Connecticut suing Virginia over its lax gun laws causing otherwise banned firearms to cross state lines.Featured image via wikicommons",0
7372, You’re Not Going To Believe What Trump Just Stopped A Press Conference For (VIDEO),"Republican front runner Donald Trump has stopped events for strange reasons before   let s not forget that the business mogul once hijacked and paused an entire GOP debate, just so that he could assure America that there was  no problem with the size of his penis. He s at it again, and this time is just as bizarre.CNN had wisely decided to cover President Barack Obama s press conference with Raul Castro instead of Trump s address to the press after his meeting with Republicans in DC, but when the network turned back to Trump s press conference things got really weird. While taking questions from the audience at the construction site of the Trump International Hotel, the candidate decided to stop the show and give a woman a job interview on the spot while cameras were rolling and everyone else awkwardly looked on.The woman identified herself as a 9/11 survivor and an Iraq and Afghanistan War veteran, telling Trump: I love the policy that you have for the military. I wanted to know if Trump towers would be part of the veterans job  Trump cut the woman off and said, What are you talking about here? We are doing some of that actually already. We have it very much involved. Why what are you looking for? What kind of a position? Then Trump invited her to  come up here  on stage with him.As the woman joined him, Trump asked the crowd gathered at his soon-to-be hotel,  Do you mind if I do a job interview right now? We need good people. For this  job interview , Trump instructed the woman to tell everyone about about her experience with design and decorating. In those few seconds, Trump decided that she would be a great employee and passed her off to  the men  in charge of the building, saying that if they could negotiate a great deal on her salary, she would probably have a job in no time.You can watch this strange, impromptu interview below:WATCH: Donald Trump conducts impromptu job interview during press conference.https://t.co/KNb43kll8c  CSPAN (@cspan) March 21, 2016The interview was so weird and uncomfortable to watch, Trump got grilled by the next reporter he chose to take questions from. The reporter asked Trump why he would offer a job to a complete stranger. Trump responded: I felt good about her. I ll tell you what, I looked at her, I said she, you know, I have gut instincts, OK? And we re allowed to have that. And I looked at her and she asked a question and it was a very positive question  she just seemed like a good person to me. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7373, North Carolina Poll Workers Force Asian Couple To Take Spelling Test In Order To Vote,"In 2013, North Carolina Republicans passed one of the most draconian voter ID laws in the country to prevent minorities from exercising their right to participate in the democratic process.Critics warned that this reminded them of when states in the South enacted literacy tests to keep black people from voting during the Jim Crow era.Well, it looks like such tests are returning.When Rudy Ravindra and his wife attempted to vote in the recent North Carolina primary, the Asian-American couple was actually forced to take a spelling test by poll workers who very clearly wanted a reason to prevent them from voting.Ravindra described the horrific treatment in an op-ed for the Raleigh News & Observer starting from the moment he handed his driver s license to the poll worker referred to as  HW. I gave my driver s license to a poll worker, HW,  Ravindra wrote. He kept it face down and ordered me to spell my name. Although I go by Rudy, my legal name is Rudravajhala. In order to save time, I requested HW look at my ID. He barked,  You gotta spell it!  So I took a deep breath and began.  R-U-D-  He repeated after me and typed each letter. When he typed a B instead of a D, I had to correct him,  It s not B; it s D for dog. This farce went on a for a while, and each time he made a mistake, I patiently corrected. Meanwhile, voters in adjacent lines came and went briskly. I heaved a sigh of relief when HW finally entered my mouthful of a name into his computer and peered at the monitor. And then I had to pronounce it, and when he tried, he couldn t get it right.He asked,  Your address? After repeating his address to the poll worker, Ravindra was declared  the perfect voter  and allowed to cast his ballot.Poll workers are not allowed to test voters, but this poll worker in North Carolina seemed to think that his state had returned to the days of Jim Crow and that he was entitled to demand Ravindra jump through illegal hoops to exercise his right to vote.When Ravindra brought his wife to cast her ballot later on, a different poll worker conducted the exact same test even though white voters were able to come and go as they pleased without having to deal with such harassment. Our two Caucasian friends who live in different areas of town voted at different polling places,  Ravindra reported.  In contrast to our humiliating experience, however, they did not have to pass the spelling test and after a cursory glance at their IDs were allowed to vote. With that knowledge, Ravidra and his wife felt discriminated against, especially since the rise of Donald Trump has caused overwhelming suspicion and hatred of people with foreign-sounding names. My wife and I couldn t help but feel that we were singled out. The poll workers could have simply looked at our IDs and saved a lot of time. That in a sea of white faces at both polling stations my wife and I were the only brown-skinned individuals also led us to suspect that we were victims of racial prejudice. In these days of Trumpism and shameless xenophobia and other assorted phobias, we can t be blamed if we are paranoid. Ravindra contacted the State Board of Elections whose director apologized for what the couple went through and confirmed that poll workers are only supposed to look at the ID. They are NOT supposed to force people of color to pass spelling tests in order to vote. In the final analysis,  Ravindra concluded,  this is a bad law and subject to over-interpretation by overzealous, and possibly rogue, officials. Clearly, Jim Crow is still alive and well in some red states and the has to be particularly embarrassing to North Carolina citizens who not too long ago lived in a thriving blue state on the cusp of achieving true progress far from its days as a slave state in the Confederacy.Featured Image: Think Progress",0
7374, Trump Responds To Elizabeth Warren’s Brutal Tweets Against Him – Fails Miserably (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is proving, yet again, that he is terrified of strong women. Not to mention the fact he s also got the thinnest skin around when it comes to being able to take criticism thrown against him. He also can t help but throw insults, especially at women, because when you have nothing to arm yourself in a battle of wits, throw insults.After being just absolutely pummeled by Elizabeth Warren on Twitter Monday morning, Trump was asked what he felt about her calling him a  loser  etc., and Trump being Trump responded as such: Who s that, the Indian? You mean the Indian? And then follows it up by claiming that country is so divided and it s the fault of people like Warren. The problem with the country right now [is] it s so divided, and people like Elizabeth Warren really have to get their act together because it s going to stay divided. Of course, sliding in there that maybe he s to blame as well, but really this diversionary tactic is typical of Trump to get the topic away from him being called out so tremendously well and turned back onto the person who threw down the gauntlet against him.Trump cannot take criticism and Warren knows this. How he responds makes him look juvenile and weak, so hopefully Warren as well as all others who are trying to prevent him from getting into the Oval Office continue to put him on the defense, because he really just can t handle it. .@realDonaldTrump takes a shot at Elizabeth Warren: https://t.co/OEiy1Fj6Ca pic.twitter.com/eT2B8w5hcx  POLITICO Video (@POLITICOvideo) March 21, 2016Featured image via video screen capture/Twitter",0
7375, Christian Evangelist Says Jewish Bernie Sanders Is The Next Hitler (VIDEO),"This pastor s church should be heavily taxed for this kind of political speech.Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is the first Jewish candidate to win a state primary in American history, pulling off the feat in New Hampshire last month in an incredible upset of Hillary Clinton.The self-described Democratic Socialist has excited crowds across the country with his vow to reign in Wall Street and end income inequality. Sanders is particularly popular with young people who see him as a desperately needed agent of change who can turn the system around and ensure a better future for all Americans.And it s because college students support him that one Christian televangelist is calling Sanders the next Adolf Hitler. You know, the Nazi Germany dictator who ordered the extermination of six million Jews during World War II. Yeah, that Hitler.During a sermon, disgraced pastor Jim Bakker openly compared Sanders to Hitler citing his socialist beliefs and claimed that if he s elected every American will be dead in a year. One of the most popular politicians right now is a socialist   And who is his biggest following? The young people of America, from the colleges. Maybe you understand a little bit what it felt like to live when Hitler was reigning and the church had to sit by and keep watching it and watching until millions, tens of millions   they had to build factories to kill people. All it takes is a couple bombs and all of America will be dead within a year, less than a year, just months. Bakkers audience, of course, consisted of a bunch of easily frightened old conservative white people.Here s the video via YouTube.There are many problems with Bakker s comparison.First of all, while young people are flocking to Sander s campaign, they are doing so on their own volition while Hitler and the Nazi Party actually went into schools to indoctrinate the German youth to get their support.Second, Bernie Sanders is a Democratic Socialist, which is totally different from a National Socialist.As Sanders explained in November, Democratic Socialism  builds on what Franklin Delano Roosevelt said when he fought for guaranteed economic rights for all Americans. And it builds on what Martin Luther King, Jr. said in 1968 when he stated that,  This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor.  It builds on the success of many other countries around the world that have done a far better job than we have in protecting the needs of their working families, the elderly, the children, the sick and the poor. Indeed, Sanders believes in  economic equality, universal health care, Wall Street reform, universal college education, paid family leave. In addition, Sanders also seeks  political reforms to limit the power of the wealthy so there is  democratic socialism for working families, not just Wall Street, billionaires and large corporations National Socialism, on the other hand, is a brutal and authoritarian fascist ideology practiced by the Nazis and other right-wing groups who believe in a racial hierarchy with whites at the top. Nazis support policies that push national power, demonize intellectualism, subjugate women, punish homosexuality, censor the free press, and are over-obsessed with Christianity among multiple other aspects you can find by clicking here.In NO way does National Socialism apply to Bernie Sanders. Jim Bakker would be thinking of THIS guy:Image via ImgurNeed proof of Trump s fascism? Well, there s the fact that he ll soon have his own version of Hitler s Brownshirts. Then there s the fact that legendary investigative journalist Carl Bernstein explained why Trump is a fascist. There s this excellent comparison made by the Daily Show. And there s the fact that neo-Nazis show up to support Trump at his rallies.Seriously, Jim Bakker is either oblivious to the real fascism being pushed by Trump or he supports Trump and just wants to shift the accusations of fascism to Sanders to protect the Republican front-runner. Either way, Bakker and his church should face steep taxes for engaging in political speech, especially the kind that pushes outright lies.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7376, Trump And Carson Dancing While Being Serenaded Is Easily The Most Awkward Thing EVER (VIDEO),"There have been a lot of strange things to happen over the course of this election cycle, but what you re about to witness may be in the top ten, maybe even the top three.As much as it s nice to see one time foes Donald Trump and Ben Carson getting along so splendidly, albeit likely for illegal reasons, this new bromance took a turn for the awkward while at a fundraising event in Mar-a-Lago, Florida, when the two were seen dancing together while being serenaded.While the singer sang what could easily be the whitest version of Ben E. King s  Stand By Me  ever sung, Trump and Carson casually swayed back and forth to the easy listening tune in front of a crowd of eager donors who can t wait for Trump to turn all of America into a casino and/or golf resort.Of course, the singer would swap in words like  Donald Trump, stand by me    and while I know this may make most sane people vomit, or likely laugh at the idea of Trump actually caring about anyone other than himself, Trump did seem to like it.There s really no other way to describe what happened, so please check it out for yourselves.Watch the video here via Washington Post: Featured image via video screen capture",0
7377, John Oliver Successfully Turns Trump’s ‘Plan’ For A Wall Into A Pile Of Decaying Pig Sh*t (VIDEO),"When it comes to Donald Trump, there s really not much you can believe that comes out of his mouth except for what can only be assumed is a putrid odor, and this is explained by the fact that he talks out of his ass.Beautifully proving this point was none other than Last Week Tonight s John Oliver in a segment utterly dismantling Trump s plan for a border wall with Mexico.Point by point, down to the size, capability, location, and price tag, Oliver successfully turns Trump s plan into a decaying pile of pig shit. It s absolute nonsense, and better plans have been constructed on the back of a napkin at Chuck-E-Cheese by a desperate father brainstorming his escape from the chaos.However, knowing that this  great wall  is pretty much one of the few things Trump talks about, Oliver said: The border wall is one of the few policy proposals Trump has talked about in detail, so instead of mocking or dismissing it out of hand, tonight let s take a serious proposal by a serious presidential candidate seriously. It was then that the dismantling began, and there was absolutely no refuting it. And no matter how much the wall costs, Oliver points out that according to the Sierra Club,  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that wall maintenance costs will exceed the initial construction costs within seven years  He then used this brilliant comparison: It s a big, dumb thing that only gets more expensive over time. It s like getting a pet walrus: You think it s stupid now, wait until you learn what a bucket of sea cucumbers costs. You ve not prepared for that! Which pretty much sums up the realism of the wall and how it s going to be built and maintained, because Mexico has made it damn clear they re not going to be the ones paying for it. And if you need proof that this wall is just simply never going to happen, the Washington Post fact checked everything right here.Trump has no plans to actually build this wall. He has no plans for anything. He s talking out of his ass, and because so many Americans are racist shiteaters, they gleefully consume every last ounce of his poppycock.Kudos to Oliver for this brilliant takedown. Well f*cking done.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7378, Republican Senator Admits Supreme Court Blockade Is About Keeping It Conservative (VIDEO),"The election is just an excuse for them to ignore the Constitution and the will of the American people for partisan gain.Last week, President Obama nominated moderate judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia.That must have been a shock to Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, who opined prior to the announcement that he didn t think Obama would pick a  good man  like Garland for the position.Boy, was he wrong.And now that President Obama has picked a nominee who should be a lock for the high court, Senate Republicans are beginning to reveal what their contentious obstruction has been about all along.On Sunday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell openly admitted that the aim of Senate Republicans is to make sure a conservative takes Scalia s spot on the bench so that the Supreme Court will remain a conservative-leaning institution that can continue to prop up the right-wing agenda while rolling back progressive policies that have served this country well for decades.McConnell even went so far as to claim that Merrick Garland is too liberal for Republicans to consider even though Garland is a centrist and his rulings prove it.That brings us to Senator Orrin Hatch, who on Monday also admitted that Republican refusal to hold hearings for any Obama nominee is about making sure liberals don t take over the Supreme Court for the next thirty years and make  wrong  decisions on issues like abortion and guns that the GOP disagree with. If you look at what s happened since, there are a lot of questions in many of the Republicans  minds on whether he would be wrong on just about every issue that Republicans think are important,  Hatch said.  From abortion to gun rights to the Second Amendment to all kinds of other union and anti-union type things. Hatch then claimed that Democrats would do the same thing if the roles were reversed and then returned to using the election as an excuse to not do his job. If the roles were reversed and we had a Republican president and a Democrat [sic] control of the Judiciary Committee, I guarantee they would never let a vote. This is one of the most horrific campaigns I ve seen. You would put this right in the middle of that? It would be a terrifically sad thing, and I think it would demean the court. Of course, the roles have been reversed before. In 1987, Ronald Reagan nominated right-wing extremist Robert Bork to the Supreme Court. Democrats strenuously objected to Bork s views on women s rights and civil rights but despite controlling the Senate, Democrats still held hearings on Bork s nomination and even held a confirmation vote, which Bork lost.But the point is that when Democrats were in the same role Republicans are in now they chose to do their jobs and did not outright refuse to hold hearings on Reagan s nominee. Reagan would go on to pick moderate Anthony Kennedy as the nominee and he sailed through the Senate and has been a fixture on the high court ever since.What Republicans are doing now, however, is completely different. President Obama did not pick a staunch liberal as his nomineee. He picked a moderate like Reagan eventually did. But Republicans are refusing to even hold hearings because what they want is a conservative nominee. And Hatch admitted as much. You can t just put politics aside,  Hatch said.  In every respect, this is probably the most important pick in many decades. If they succeed in taking over the Supreme Court, they ll have control over for probably 30 years. Hatch literally just admitted that Senate Republicans are refusing to their jobs because they are holding out for a conservative nominee, which means this blatant obstruction could last for more than year, especially if a Democrat wins the presidency in November.Here s the video via KSTU.Looks like the only way to make the Senate do their job is to give it back to Democrats. Because if we don t, Republicans will keep the Supreme Court at eight Justices for as long as possible, and that just won t work in the long term as tie cases are not settled cases and will just add a greater workload to an already stressed judicial branch. That s not what the American people want  or deserve. Featured image via screenshot",0
7379, Watch Elizabeth Warren DESTROY Donald Trump in Epic Tweetstorm (TWEETS),"Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) lit into Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump with a series of tweets. Warren hammered away at Trump, calling him a  loser  and accused him of engaging in  petty bullying, attacks on women, cheap racism, flagrant narcissism. Warren is hugely popular and influential with Democrats and liberals, and her series of tweets targeting Trump is seen by some as a sign that the primary season is effectively over and that the general election has begun.Here are Warren s tweets:Let s be honest   @realDonaldTrump is a loser. Count all his failed businesses. See how he cheated people w/ scams like Trump U.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016See how @realDonaldTrump kept his father s empire afloat using strategic corporate bankruptcies to skip out on debt.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016Listen to experts who say @realDonaldTrump might have more money today if he d put his inheritance in an index fund & left it alone.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016.@RealDonaldTrump knows he s a loser. His insecurities are on parade: petty bullying, attacks on women, cheap racism, flagrant narcissism.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016But just because @realDonaldTrump is a loser everywhere else doesn t mean he ll lose this election.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016.@RealDonaldTrump stands ready to tear apart an America that was built on values like decency, community, and concern for our neighbors.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016The way I see it, it s our job to make sure @realDonaldTrump ends this campaign every bit the loser that he started it.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) March 21, 2016Warren s tweets all hit at what are considered soft spots for Trump. He has boasted about his huge wealth, but numerous reports indicate that his net worth is considerably exaggerated. From Trump biographer Timothy O Brien:On a single day in August 2004, he told me his net worth was $4 billion to $5 billion, then revised that later the same day to $1.7 billion. Forbes said at the time he was worth $2.6 billion. A year later Donald told me he was worth $5 billion to $6 billion, but a brochure left on my nightstand at his Palm Beach resort said he was worth $9.5 billion.The tweets also discuss Trump s sexism, which appears to be one of his major Achilles  heels. When Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly pointed out his history of demeaning women, he complained she was bleeding out of her  whatever,  and still months later has referred to her as  crazy,  which drew an uncharacteristic rebuke of a Republican from the right-wing propaganda network.Perhaps most importantly, Warren is indicating to the mainstream media and other Democrats that Trump s racially motivated campaign won t be off limits to criticism. So far, Republicans have largely avoided hitting Trump on his offensive language towards latinos and Muslims, as well as towards black activists (he called for protesters to be punched). The Democrats largely have no interest in courting the racists that dwell in the base of the GOP, and have no such restrictions on what they can say in the general election.It looks like the fight is truly on.Featured image via Flickr",0
7380, Governor Rick Scott Dumps Hospital Standards After Big Healthcare Donation,"Governor Rick Scott of Florida may be the worst governor in modern history. So, of course he formally endorsed Donald Trump and has been cited as a possible VP choice for the likely Republican presidential nominee. Rather than let Trump take all the glory in racist provocations, insane proposals, and a supporter base which represents the worst things about this country, Governor Rick Scott matches Trump in how low a public official can really go, and may offer a glimpse into what lies in the future for this country if Donald Trump is elected president.The giant, for-profit, hospital chain, Tenet Healthcare, was investigated by journalists in July 2015 amid claims the hospitals were failing miserably in living up to the state of Florida s quality standards for children s heart surgery. A CNN investigation found the mortality rate for these surgeries was more than three times the national average.Instead of improving the quality of care in their hospitals, Tenet Healthcare responded with a $200,000 donation to Florida Republicans, and in kind, Governor Rick Scott got rid of the standards, allowing Tenet Healthcare to continue making thousands of dollars from performing these surgeries while endangering the lives of thousands of children born with heart defects. Of course, Governor Scott and Tenet denied having conversations with one another, despite the coincidence that Governor Scott decided a couple months after the investigation to repeal the standards when he had since the time he took office in 2011 to do so.Florida s Department of Health excused the repeal due to the legislature not having the authority to have enacted them in the first place, regardless the standards have been in place for an uncontested 32 years. Parents and cardiac pediatricians took the state of Florida to court over the state s repealing of the standards, but the Florida judge ruled in favor of the state. The same judge ruled in 2014, a doctor accused of handcuffing and beating a patient over the course of a yearlong sexual relationship can continue to practice medicine. I can t think of anywhere else in the country where you have safety standards and someone doesn t like them, so you just have it repealed,  Dr. Peter Pronovost, senior vice president for patient safety and quality at Johns Hopkins Medicine, told CNN in an interview this past January. These standards have been in use for more than 30 years, and they re widely acknowledged to ensure safety   why would you repeal them? If the state really felt it didn t have the legislative authority to have the standards, why wouldn t they go out and get that authority? This is exactly the kind of corruption we don t need in government, and in the worst possible industry. Sacrificing the health of your constituency for political donations is as low as it gets.Featured image via Flickr",0
7381, Anonymous Takes Aim At Ted Cruz: What They Have Could End His Campaign–And His Marriage (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is all about the transformative love of Jesus Christ. Through his own transformation, Cruz has learned the power of the Lord   and he plans to govern with it. The  family values  reborn Christian gets to write off anything and everything in his life before he was covered in the water of the Holy Spirit, meaning hew found the perfect political tool to excuse his indiscretions prior to his cozy relationship with the Nazarene.In other words, Ted Cruz is a fraud. It doesn t matter that he was caught on camera in college talking about making a  teen tit film  or that he had aspirations for world domination, because Jesus. In fact, just don t ask about his early life at all. He will walk into the White House, shut the door to the Oval Office and with a sh*t-eating grin he ll ask God how to govern our country.That all sounds great if you re some evangelical who believes that only someone worthy of the rapture should lead our country or just the common bible-thumper looking to get a little more religion with your government, but for the rest of us, it spells disaster. In many ways, a Ted Cruz presidency would be even worse than Donald Trump. trump may be a lunatic but he won t bother governing; he ll outsource it to the Chinese. Cruz will roll up his sleeves and destroy every decent thing progressives have accomplished in the last 200 years in favor of prayer and tax cuts for the wealthy.It s for those reasons that the news from Anonymous that they have some serious evidence against Cruz s so-called good character is so encouraging:Does Anonymous have the evidence they claim to have uncovered? If so, Ted Cruz can kiss his political career and quite possibly his marriage goodbye. These daunting words will surely have Cruz in a panic if there s truth to the claims: Have you heard of the expression  candy wrappers ? Do you recall visiting prostitutes? Mr. Cruz, we are now demanding you exit this race immediately or Anonymous will release all of the information that we have found. Your so-called underground acts that you think were done in the dark, will be brought out for all the public to see. It will be sent to every media outlet to publicize your disgusting behavior. We assure you it will go viral on every social media platforms in a matter of minutes. According to the video, #opcruz is underway. It should become apparent in the next couple of days if Anonymous is actually onto something or if it s an elaborate hoax by the actions of Cruz and his campaign. He ll either ignore it, address it and blame it on the time before he found Jesus or laugh it off. One thing is certain: if it is true, Ted Cruz is shaking in his boots.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Hacked.com",0
7382, The GOP Will Hate This Humiliating Fact Harry Reid Just Pointed Out About SCOTUS Nominations,"Politifact just humiliated Senate Republicans big time.During an appearance on Meet The Press on Sunday, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid pointed out that Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nominee the way Republicans are doing now. You have to look at what has happened,  Reid said.  We have never held up a Supreme Court nomination. Since 1900 in a lame-duck session, there have been six that have all been approved. Here s the video via NBC:Republicans are probably crying foul at this point, but Politifact took up the case and investigated Reid s claims, and conservatives are definitely not going to like the results.As it turns out, Politifact rated Reid s claim as  Mostly True.  Despite Republican claims that Democrats started some kind of precedent for their own actions in the present day, the fact-checking organization found that only Republicans have ever not held hearings for a Supreme Court nominee.Politifact pointed out that when President Bush nominated Harriet Miers to a fill a vacancy on the high court both Democrats and Republicans objected, therefore, Democrats are not solely responsible for denying a nominee a full hearing. Miers also at least was allowed to meet with the Senate Judiciary Committee, which under Republican control is flatly denying current nominee Merrick Garland a meeting of any kind.Then Politifact moved on to the 1987 nomination of extreme conservative Robert Bork, which was highly contentious. Democrats did, indeed, launch much public opposition against him, but in the end, even Bork received a full hearing and lost.The nomination of Samuel Alito in 2005 drew filibuster attempts by Democrats, including Reid and then-Senator Obama, but as Reid pointed out to Chuck Todd, Alito is sitting on the Supreme Court bench now because Democrats dropped their filibuster effort and he was confirmed.Despite the latter two contentious nomination battles, Politifact ruled that they  can t find a time when a Democratic Senate refused to hear a Republican president s nominee. Even if they were opposed, they allowed the nominee to come to a confirmation vote. In short, only Republicans have refused to even hold hearings for a Supreme Court nominee and it s not because of some non-existent tradition started by Democrats or some non-existent precedent that goes back 80 years regarding election year nominations. It s because Republicans are throwing a temper tantrum because they don t want the black president to extend his legacy through the Supreme Court. That and they think only a conservative is entitled to replace Scalia.The bottom line, however, is that Senate Republicans need to suck it up and do their jobs because the American people and the Constitution demand it.Featured image: Cagle",0
7383, Trump Spokeswoman On Rally Violence: It’s Just A ‘Head-On Collision With The Truth’ (VIDEO),"Trump s spokeswoman Katrina Pierson isn t known for being the brightest crayon in the box. She once went on air wearing a necklace made of bullets to show how committed the Trump campaign is to upholding the second amendment at all costs, for instance. Well, she s back now, and this time she is defending her crazy boss and his even crazier supporters and their violent tendencies.Chances are, these days, if there s a Donald Trump rally, there is violence. So, of course, when being interviewed, Pierson and other workers on the Trump campaign are asked to denounce this behavior. Of course, they never do, though. On Sunday, Pierson appeared on Fox and was asked about the escalating violence at Trump rallies. Host Jeannine Pirro wondered aloud if the entire Trump show   the violence the protests, all of it   were anarchy, or perhaps some kind of game to get a specific candidate nominated. Pierson s response was predictably stupid: I think a lot of it is anarchy, but I think more importantly this is organized chaos. They are trying to create a public perception of violence to scare people [away from] supporting Mr. Trump. She then went on to make the ridiculous assertion that conservative values have been absent in the community  since the days of GOP favorite Ronald Reagan, and ever since it has been a free for all for the militant left in this political [sic] correct society where it s okay for them to use violence as an intimidation tactic or just yell  racist  or  Hitler  to smear someone s character. Pirro then hit Pierson with something she can t stand: facts (shocking, coming from a Fox host, I know). She reminded the spokeswoman that there were no protests and no violence at the rallies and speeches of the other GOP presidential hopefuls. Pierson chose to ignore this and say: You have people like MoveOn.org and Black Lives Matter and some of these anarchy groups, that s all they do is look for fights. They ve been provoking people all over the country long before Mr. Trump entered this race. Pierson went on to give the ominous warning that Trump s supporters would only be emboldened by those who try to plot to stop him from getting the GOP 2016 nomination, saying: This is the American people having a head-on collision with the truth, which is that the Democratic side is not on the side of the people, and the militant left is their army. And what we re seeing now is that people supporting Mr. Trump, they re not afraid. They re going to go out there and they re going to fight for American values and American families because that s who needs to come first. This woman is just another example of how ridiculous   but also dangerous   Trump, his supporters, and his campaign are. They are to be stopped at all costs.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7384, Bristol Palin Cheers For Christian Students Forcing Their Religion Upon Atheists,"In February, video surfaced of evangelical pastors leading students in prayer in Hollister, Missouri during lunchtime in the school cafeteria.As it turns out, school officials actually allow this a few times a week, and the Christian group that proselytizes to the students is the only religious group that has been allowed to interact with students on public ground that is supposed to be secular.The religious group, known as KLIFE, has been going around indoctrinating students at several schools for a few years now. And because Hollister students have been conducting prayers in the lunchroom, KLIFE senior pastor Robert Bruce visited the school and took part in the prayers, which weren t exactly silent and could be heard throughout the room even by students who do not subscribe to the Christian religion. Since then, Bruce and his organization have been preaching to all the students at lunchtime and have forced prayer upon them as if it s a requirement to eat.Here s a video of one of the prayer sessions via YouTube.Soon, the Freedom From Religion Foundation got involved, advising the school to end the practice of allowing a single religious group to have such open access to the student body and reminding them of the law. It is well settled as a matter of established law that public schools may not advance, prefer or promote religion,  FFRF said in a statement. It is unconstitutional for a public school to allow an evangelical Christian organization to impose prayer on all students. Giving the group access to all students as part of school programming suggests that the school district has preference not only for religion over nonreligion, but also evangelical Christianity over other faiths. This sort of entanglement between religion and public education is inappropriate. The FFRF is correct. While the Supreme Court can t stop students from praying silently together or individually, it has ruled that schools cannot promote one religious belief over anotherBut so far, Superintendent Brain Wilson has resisted that advice because he claims any community leader can visit students during lunch. It kind of makes one wonder how he and parents would react if Satanic Temple leaders came knocking on the school door. Because you know they would not like that one bit.It s also pretty clear that KLIFE s goal is to indoctrinate kids into Christianity at a young age, because as Branson Junior High Principal Bryan Bronn said in 2014, Somebody once told me that if you wanted to reach students and you wanted to be serious about being, as Jesus called us to be, fishers of men, then you need to be serious about where the fish are at. And we all know that fish travel in  schools. In other words, treat students like fish in a barrel where they can t escape and you ll likely brainwash many to follow you. That s apparently the case in Hollister and other area schools, which means non-religious students in these schools must feel pretty damn intimidated.And Bristol Palin totally approves of that.On her little blog earlier this week, the daughter of America s village idiot wrote about how proud she is that Christian students in Hollister are forcing their religious beliefs on atheists.As parents, we pray our children will take our faith and it make it their own. We instill in them the building blocks of a relationship with Jesus, and hope they will have the boldness to carry it through their lives. A few children in Hollister, Missouri recently made their parents very proud.As per usual, Palin goes on to whine about how the FFRF is involved and even brought out the tired conservative line that the Constitution says Freedom of Religion and not Freedom from Religion. And then she wrote this:To the students in Hollister: you are what our country needs! Continue your hard work, stand strong together, and don t allow yourselves to become discouraged. You are fighting a hard battle, but one that has value beyond measure.In short, Bristol Palin wants those students to stand up against those evil atheists and jam Christianity down their throats whether they like it or not.But that would be a complete violation of those students  First Amendment rights. And by allowing an evangelical group to have so much power over students, the school is basically sponsoring a specific religion. The school is also failing the Lemon test set by the Supreme Court in 1971 which says any school-sponsored practice must be secular, neither advance nor inhibit religion, and can t result in an excessive entanglement between government and religion.Well, this certainly isn t secular since it s just one religious group participating. It s clearly only advancing religion while inhibiting the beliefs and non-beliefs of other students, and it s a public school financed by tax dollars and overseen by the state government of Missouri, which means it s mixing government and religion. The school could claim the prayer isn t being disruptive but that isn t true either since this story has drawn attention from the national and local media and is setting up future lawsuits.No one is saying that students can t be Christians. But there is a place for Christians to go practice their religion and that place is generally known as a church and I hear it is open on Sunday or just about any day of the week.Featured image via Flickr",0
7385, WATCH: President Obama Just Landed In Cuba And The GOP Is Going Crazy,"President Obama, accompanied by First Lady Michelle along with his two daughters, just landed in Cuba and he is looking to thaw political differences between the two countries that has spanned decades. Obama, who has made reaching out to Cuba one of the main objectives of his presidency, earned the ire of the Republican party which has preferred divisive politics rather than open dialogue and understanding between the two countries. Florida senator and former presidential candidate Marco Rubio was upset after Obama had announced the visit. He said: Rather than achieving several long-standing U.S. goals and national security interests, you have methodically squandered this opportunity, legitimizing the Castro regime and enriching it in the process. A presidential visit to Cuba absent of any concessions from its government is a dangerous idea, and I urge you to reconsider. With that lack of innovative thinking, one can see why Rubio was trounced in his home state of Florida by Donald Trump. Then there s Ted Cruz, whose father is a Cuban American. The creepy Cruz also disagreed to the visit. He said: He has alienated and abandoned our friends and allies. You know, one of the first things he did when he became president was send the bust of Winston Churchill back to the United Kingdom. That was shameful. Despite Republican resistance, the president and dozens of U.S. lawmakers and business leaders joined him in Cuba for the visit. Air Force One touched down at Havana s airport on Sunday after a three-hour flight from Washington. While deep differences persist, Obama s approach in thinking outside of the box on Cuba will bring fruitful economic and political ties for both countries in the future.Instead of embracing the president s ingenuity, the Republicans will always be Republicans.Here s the video:",0
7386, Drug-Dealing Pedophile Rep’s Client List Implicates NH Elected Officials (VIDEO),"As Addicting Info reported here, New Hampshire state representative Kyle Tasker was recently arrested on felony drug charges, along with charges that he attempted to solicit an undercover officer, who he believed to be a 14-year-old girl, into having sex with him.If that wasn t enough of a scandal for the New Hampshire state legislator, WMUR reports that the drug-dealing Tea Party representative kept a list of his clients. That list wound up in the hands of the police department during a raid on Tasker s residence earlier this month.According to WMUR, the names of other elected officials are now confirmed to appear on Tasker s client list.Both the Rockingham County Attorney s Office and the state Attorney General s Office are now involved in the investigation, which is described as a scandal that has the potential to  send shockwaves through the entire state house. On Friday, House Speaker Shawn Jasper called on legislators who may be implicated on Tasker s client list to resign immediately, saying, Members of the Legislature take an oath to uphold our Constitution and the laws of our state, and any member of the House who has knowingly committed a criminal offense should do the honorable thing and step down from office immediately to protect and preserve the dignity and integrity of the New Hampshire House of Representatives. So far Tasker is the only representative to have resigned from office.Here s more on the story from WMUR, via YouTube.As we reported here, after Tasker s arrest earlier this month, many state officials expressed a startling lack of surprise over the drug charges.According to legislators, Tasker often smelled like marijuana and alcohol when he came to work, sometimes even bringing props to committee meetings.There s been a lot of speculation as to why, if his behavior was that obvious, no one reported him to the police or even filed a formal complaint.As it turns out, the answer to that question may very well be found in the pages of his client list.Image credit: video screen capture WMUR",0
7387," WATCH: Bernie Sanders Visits U.S. Border, Delivers Brutal Truth About Trump (VIDEO)","Bernie Sanders visited the United States-Mexico border in Nogales, Arizona to witness one area that will be most affected by U.S. immigration policy. Sanders then spoke to a large crowd about his time listening to the stories of immigrants and the need to create a  reality-based  immigration policy that puts compassion first. As I have traveled around this country and talked to immigrant families, and particularly Latino immigrant families, I am struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many of them,  Sanders said following the visit.  Fathers or mothers or both sent out of the country having to leave their minor children with relatives or guardians here in the United States. A U.S. service member whose spouse was deported. A 12-year-old boy who longs to be reunited with his mother. This human suffering has got to end. That is why I am here today. During the event, Sanders delivered blistering remarks aimed towards Donald Trump and the Republican presidential candidate s incredulous plan to build a giant border wall. The most bizarre part of Trump s plan is to have the construction of this wall be paid for by the Mexican government. Sanders calls out Trump s bigoted remarks against Mexicans, including the time Trump implied that immigrants from Mexico are rapists. I would hope that all of us are rightly appalled by the divisive bigoted and xenophobic comments of people like Donald Trump. Trump s labeling of Mexicans as rapists and criminals repulses all Americans of good will. Mexico is our neighbor, which we have extremely important relations with. To insult an entire nation is not befitting of anybody, let alone a candidate for president of the United States. Citing Pope Francis, Sanders said that Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges, not more walls. Pope Francis is right. You can watch video footage of the event below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
7388, Watch Glenn Beck’s BIZARRE Ritual With Child At Campaign Rally,"Right wing radio host and pundit Glenn Beck has been on the campaign trail stumping for Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz. On Saturday at a rally in Provo, Utah, Beck involved a young child in a strange and unsettling campaign moment in order to demonstrate his belief that the conservative Republican is the Christian choice to be the next president.Beck brought up a young boy onto the stage with him, and told the audience that the child s father had contacted him and told Beck that the child had been fasting, apparently in the hopes that Cruz would win the upcoming Utah caucus and after that the election. In response, Beck yelled to the audience and put his hand on the boy s forehead while crying, saying,  This is the priesthood rising! This isn t something completely new. About a month ago, ahead of the Nevada caucus, Beck asked his followers to join him in fasting for Cruz. He wrote,  I would like to ask you to join me and my family Monday in a fast for Ted Cruz, our country and the Nevada caucus. After some criticized the crass act of invoking religious fasting in order to help a right-wing political candidate, Beck struck out against his doubters and wrote,  if we ve turned into Christians that deny the power of about to do and the power of fast and prayer in this nation, then we have become Europe. Beck, who was removed from Fox News Channel after his conspiracy theories and race-baiting attacks on President Obama led to many sponsors dropping his program, has often wrapped himself in the clothing of a religious prophet during his career.The host has claimed that he turned his life over to his Mormon faith after a life of drugs and other substances while he worked as a  morning zoo  radio personality in the 1980s. Since then, Beck has made millions publishing conservative books, selling gold and other survivalist items to his devoted followers.Featured image via YouTube",0
7389, Here Are The ABSURD ‘Alternatives’ Florida Now Has For Women Instead Of Planned Parenthood,"It s become clearer than ever that Republicans don t care about women. They also don t care about freedom one iota. And they most certainly don t care about women s freedom to affordable and accessible reproductive health care. This has become more clear than ever especially in Florida, and because it s Florida it s become a circus of the absurd.In a recently passed bill that will be signed by Gov. Rick Scott (R) it basically strips all funding from Planned Parenthood, because really, why should women have access to affordable care? However, Republicans tout the same old fictitious line that Planned Parenthood is just an abortion clinic, so it doesn t deserve to be funded. Let s be clear, though, even if it were only an abortion clinic, it still deserves funding because abortion is legal and it a women s right to make her own medical decisions.Here s the most obscene part of the whole bill, though   you know, besides stripping freedom away from hundreds of thousands of female Floridians   the list of  alternative  clinics for women to receive reproductive health.According to the Tampa Bay Times, anti-choice advocates  want that money to be spent in other kinds of clinics, like crisis pregnancy centers and federally qualified health centers. What are those other  federally qualified health centers? Well, according to The Guardian,  several state lawmakers who have insisted that plentiful alternatives exist for reproductive and sexual healthcare have cited a list of health centers that includes dentists, optometrists, and elementary schools. When the co-sponsor of the bill, Colleen Burton, was asked about these  alternative resources alternative resources for birth control, pap smears, breast exams and other reproductive services.  She answered: We have 52 federally qualified health centers, the counties have health departments, physicians  offices, independent clinics would be eligible if they applied and met the requirements. Fellow state lawmaker Lori Berman pressed further, saying: I have seen the list of the groups. And some of those groups include podiatrists, correctional facilities, healthcare, school-based healthcare clinics. Proponents of the bill insist there are ample number of alternatives where women can go to receive the care that they need, but that s a false narrative considering most of the places are in no way capable of providing women s health services.It s absolutely reprehensible that Republicans are playing politics with women s lives like this. All because they know defunding Planned Parenthood plays to their base of idiotic voters who don t even know what it is, and rely on the lies being spread by right-wing media.We need to stop allowing women s lives to be controlled by politicians, and ironically the same politicians who come from a party that boasts it s chef-d oeuvre is perpetuating freedom to all, which clearly is a lie.Planned Parenthood is an integral part of community health and family planning. Defunding it not only hurts the women (and men) who need their services, but also entire communities.Featured image via Flickr",0
7390, Fox Host Calls Out Mitch McConnell For Being A Hypocrite On Supreme Court Nominees (VIDEO),"Mitch McConnell probably wasn t expecting this from a Fox News host.Yet, when the Senate Majority Leader appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace, the closest thing to an actual journalist Fox can muster, McConnell was confronted with what he has said in the past about judicial nominees compared with what he is doing now in the name of partisan politics.McConnell used remarks made by Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer in 2005 and 2007 to make the claim that Republicans  are following a longstanding tradition  of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court during a presidential election.Leave it to Republicans to think that 11 years is a  longstanding tradition.  The fact is, however, that current Justice Anthony Kennedy was confirmed to the high court in 1988, which was an election year. If we go back even further, we find that Justice William Brennan was confirmed in 1956 and Justice Frank Murphy was confirmed in 1940, both during election years.So it s clear an election year does not justify the refusal of Senate Republicans to do their constitutional duty.But Chris Wallace hit McConnell with his own words from 2005 when he said on the Senate floor that  in a democracy an up or down vote should be given to a president s judicial nominees. It isn t complicated. It s simple. It s fair. It worked for 229 years and it has served us well. Frankly, isn t there a fair amount of hypocrisy on both sides here?  Wallace said, calling out McConnell s own hypocrisy on this issue. Senator, if an up or down vote for a judicial nominee is simple, fair, and a principle that has served us well for over 230 years; if that s true then, is it still true?  Wallace asked.McConnell, of course, tried to weasel his way out of it by saying that  it s apples and oranges  because Supreme Court nominees are somehow not considered judicial nominees even though the Constitution includes the Supreme Court as part of the judicial branch. It s right there in Article III.When asked if Senate Republicans would confirm Garland after the election to prevent a more liberal nominee should Hillary Clinton become president, McConnell proceeded to trash current nominee Merrick Garland as a liberal and complained that his confirmation would swing the court to the left. And if McConnell and his fellow Republicans are unwilling to confirm Garland, you can bet that if the GOP loses the election, they will continue to obstruct any nominee that Clinton nominates to the Suprem Court as well.Here s the video via YouTube.Basically, McConnell just admitted that the real problem Republicans have with confirming a Supreme Court nominee is that they don t want to lose the conservative-leaning Court they have used to roll back policies they don t like over the last couple decades. They are literally throwing a temper tantrum because they think late-Justice Scalia should be replaced with a conservative judge who will be just like him.But that is not how the Supreme Court works. It has always swung from left to right and back again depending on who the president is at the time a vacancy arises either from a death, which is the case now, or a retirement. Justice Scalia probably would have preferred to serve another decade or more on the bench, but even he would say that his vacancy needs to be filled even if the most liberal nominee in the world ends up filling it.As it happens, Garland is not a liberal. He is, in fact, a centrist. But according to McConnell, even that is far too liberal for him and his colleagues to consider.Republicans are literally willing to keep the Supreme Court from working at full capacity for the next year or more until they get their way. So not only have Republicans kept Congress from working properly, they are now preventing the high court from working properly as well and that should outrage every American to the core enough to boot Republicans out of public office for generations until they learn to do their jobs with honor again and start working for all of the American people instead of just their extreme right-wing base. Featured image via Screenshot",0
7391, Two LGBT Men Horrifically Burned During Anti-Gay Hate Attack (VIDEO),"Twenty-one-year-old Marquez Tolbert and his 23-year-old boyfriend, Anthony Gooden Jr., were asleep in the home Tolbert shared with his mother and her boyfriend, when the couple was viciously attacked.According to the couple, Martin Blackwell, who was dating Tolbert s mother at the time of the attack, poured boiling water over the two men as they slept.During a March 15 interview with Atlanta s Project Q, Tolbert said Blackwell pulled him up, saying  Get out of my house with all that gay. Tolbert said,  I couldn t stop screaming. The twenty-one year old victim went on to say,  We were just burning. My body was just stinging. Both men suffered second and third-degree burns during the attack. Tolbert spent ten days in the hospital, while the second victim was hospitalized for five weeks.Image credit: Vickie Gray, via Huffington PostBlackwell was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery and held without bail. Although the state of Georgia does not have a hate crimes statute, federal hate crimes charges could still be applied in the case.On March 17, Tolbert spoke with WSB-TV about the attack.Watch the interview below. According to the latest FBI statistics,  7,242 people were the victims of a hate crime in 2013. More than 20 percent of all victims of hate crimes included in the FBI report were targeted because of their sexual orientation.But most advocates believe that hate-based attacks against members of the LGBT community are severely underreported. The facts support this conclusion.As Vocativ reports here, a large number of hate crimes committed against LGBT citizens are never identified or reported as hate crimes.Gregory Herek, a psychology professor at the University of California at Davis who specializes in violence against sexual minorities, explained to Vocativ: The best estimates suggest that the real number of hate crimes are up to 40 times larger than the numbers contained in the FBI reports. For a hate crime to be recorded in the national statistics, it first must be reported by the victim to the police,  Herek said.Most often, this doesn t happen: In fact, the National Crime Victimization Survey found that more than half of hate crimes are never reported. That s only the beginning of the battle.  Then it must be classified by the local law enforcement agency as a hate crime,  he says.  This often isn t done unless the agency has special training for officers and personnel who are assigned to respond to hate crimes. What happened to these two young men is horrific. Yet what can we expect from a society which allows Christian extremists to openly call for the execution of LGBT citizens? What can we expect from a society that grants right wing pastors tax-exempt status to spread homophobic hatred through their churches, or a society that allows republican legislators to spend billions of taxpayer dollars to further an agenda of anti-gay hate? If we want to stop the violence we have to stop the extremists who instigate it, shutting them down in our communities, our churches and especially in our government.Featured image via Vickie Gray via Huffington Post ",0
7392, WATCH: Amy Goodman DESTROYS CNN Over Their Pathetic Election Coverage (VIDEO),"Amy Goodman sat down for an interview with CNN s Brian Stelter on Sunday morning. Goodman, the award-winning broadcast journalist and the host of Democracy Now! did what she does best   grill the establishment with fact-based analysis.It s been shown that there is a coverage bias against Bernie Sanders in the corporate media. On the other hand, when it comes to Donald Trump, the major networks have given the Republican candidate who wants to make America hate again total domination of America s television screens.This bias was recently exemplified when the big three news networks all decided not show Bernie Sanders  concession speech on Super Tuesday 3. Goodman points this out, saying: Let s look at Super Tuesday 3, you had major coverage here at CNN, at MSNBC, at Fox   all the networks across all through the night as the polls are closing. You see the concession speeches and the great victory speeches, you see Hillary Clinton, Ted Cruz, Kasich, you see Donald Trump. You re waiting here at CNN, at MSNBC. They said he s going to hold a news conference  and that s it. Goodman continues, saying: Where was Bernie Sanders? Well, in fact, Bernie Sanders was in Phoenix, Arizona before thousands of people and as the networks were waiting for Donald Trump and waiting and all the pundits are weighing in, they don t even say that Bernie Sanders is about to speak. Commenting on how the corporate media has given Trump the world s biggest megaphone to preach his message, at the expense of covering all other major candidates, Goodman says: I think this exposure for Trump is frightening. Yes, there is now some critical coverage. But for the year 2015, as the snowball rolled and it got larger and larger, he got 23 times the coverage of Bernie Sanders. It comes down to ratings. Trump gives the corporate media an opportunity to create and sell an information-like-product, that can be quickly reproduced with almost no manufacturing cost. Speaking of manufacturing, Goodman borrows a phrase from Noam Chomsky, alleging that the media is  manufacturing consent  with their election coverage.While Chomsky may have popularized the phrase, its origins come from the master of media manipulation, Edward Bernays. He has a far more apt expression for the phenomenon that Goodman is addressing   crystallizing public opinion. As long as Trump remains in the election, the corporate media s ratings will continue to benefit from his status.You can watch the interview below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw4tKd9823QFeatured image from video screenshot",0
7393," Ever Wonder What 10,000 People Screaming ‘F*ck Donald Trump’ Sounds Like? (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is terrible, but he s the perfect representative for the Republican Party. As a racist xenophobe who probably wants to f*ck his own daughter, The Donald has absolutely no issue convincing conservatives that he is the perfect person to represent their interests. Lately, we have seen Americans rapidly shift from considering the 2016 hopeful to be a complete joke, to attempting to ignore him, to finally realizing that he is a true threat and taking a stand against him.From the protest in Chicago that frightened Trump so much that he had to flee the city, to the roadblock formed in Phoenix to  quarrantine  the mentally-diseased right-wing superstar, Americans are (finally) unwilling to tolerate Donald Trump s presence. Collectively, our nation is screaming  f*ck Donald Trump    something we can see illustrated in a video from the Ultra Music Festival in Miami. During an afternoon set, MAKJ stopped the music to comment on a sign one of the attendees was holding. F*ck Donald Trump,  the DJ said as he tossed a middle finger into the air.  I see that sign back there. I see you.  MAKJ then led the crowd of 10,000+ in screaming f*ck Donald Trump  before returning to the music.Hearing this crowd of young people take a stand, however small, against the hatred espoused by Trump and his followers is heartwarming. While he is popular with the elderly and the  poorly educated  (a group he especially  loves ), the rest of us just stare in horror when we realize that he is going to be the Republican nominee. We ve seen Trump give his supporters permission   repeatedly   to beat black men at his rallies. He tweets out white supremacist propaganda and retweets Klansmen (in a single week in January, 62% of his retweets were white supremacists). And, of course, he wants to throw Muslims in concentration camps and build a wall to keep brown people from crossing into the United States from Mexico.Conservatives view him as exactly the man America needs to take us back to the  good old days  when black people were common tree decorations in the South   but the rest of us just want him gone.Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7394, Harry Reid SLAMS McConnell’s Lack Of Leadership On ‘Meet The Press’,"On Sunday s edition of Meet The Press, Senator Harry Reid blasted Mitch McConnell for his continued lack of leadership and warned of a revolt by Republican senators who understand how the Constitution works.Just minutes after President Obama announced his nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, for the Supreme Court last week, McConnell vowed to continue his obstructionism. While speaking to Chuck Todd, Senator Reid said that he cannot understand what the hell the GOP Senate leader is thinking: I don t know why McConnell has done this to his senators. He s marching these men, women over a cliff. The Democrat went on to say that he doesn t believe some of the right s senators are going to ignore their constitutional duty like McConnell wants them to: I don t think they re going to go .Mitch McConnell has said a lot of things. But his Republican senators are not going to go over that cliff with him. They re not going to do it. Reid is right, not all of the Republicans in the Senate are complete imbeciles, they know that McConnell is giving them bad advice. As a matter of fact, his obstructionism started falling apart in just a few hours after Obama announced Garland as his pick.In spite of the fact that his senators are not falling in line like he expected them to, McConnell again said that he would never allow Obama s nominee to be appointed, during an interview with CNN on Sunday: Who ought to make this lifetime appointment? It s the next president, not this one. Mitch McConnell is still very confused about how elections work. When we elected President Obama for eight years, not seven. His continued insistence that he knows what the American people want is going to destroy his party further. They already have Trump pissing off the people of this country, he probably shouldn t be adding to our anger. Just sayin . Featured image via screenshot",0
7395, This Charity Decided To Use Trump’s Money To Fight Hate And Is Rubbing It In His Face,"The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) is so upset by Donald Trump s racist and bigoted presidential campaign they are redirecting past donations they have received from the reality TV star and real estate tycoon into programs designed to fight bigotry.The ADL made their announcement in a press release:The Anti-Defamation League has decided to redirect the total amount of funds contributed to ADL by Donald Trump and his foundation over the years   about $56,000 in all   to fund new anti-bias and anti-bullying education programs across America. In the past decade or so, Mr. Trump and his foundation have contributed a total of $56,000 to our organization. These undoubtedly were sincere gifts,  said Jonathan A. Greenblatt, ADL CEO.  But in light of the recent campaign, we have decided to redirect the total amount of funds that he contributed to ADL over the years specifically into anti-bias education programs that address exactly the kind of stereotyping and scapegoating that have been injected into this political season. The announcement was made in advance of Trump s planned speech to AIPAC, the pro-Israel American Israel Public Affairs Committee.ADL also  called on other groups, philanthropies and nonprofits to consider redirecting charitable funds given to them by Mr. Trump into similar initiatives to combat hate, promote tolerance, and build a stronger American community. Jonathan A. Greenblatt, CEO of ADL, specifically referenced Trump s rhetoric   especially his  penchant to slander minorities, slur refugees, dismiss First Amendment protections and cheer on violence. During the campaign, Trump has said he would look into measures to curtail the First Amendment rights of the media with regards to stories he felt were unfair towards him. He has called for protesters at his rally to be punched, knocked out and manhandled (his campaign manager was recently caught on video grabbing a protester by the collar).A centerpiece of Trump s campaign has been attacking undocumented immigrants, blaming them for rape and drugs. He has also called for a limit on Muslim travel to the United States.Featured image via Flickr",0
7396, Conservative Columnist George Will: The GOP Is The Party Of White People (VIDEO),"Because of Donald Trump, Republicans are finally being forced to admit that their party is a racist haven that caters to whites only.During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, longtime conservative columnist George Will told host Chris Wallace that the Republican Party is now the party of white people and he specifically blamed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for it. Trump is in the George Wallace tradition,  Will said in reference to the staunch Alabama segregationist who ran for president back in 1964 and 1968. Will continued by saying that Wallace said that  there s too much dignity in American politics, we have to have more meanness. Will noted that unlike Wallace, Trump has support all of over the country, but pointed out problems Trump and the Republican Party face. The problem is this. Not only are his negatives at 61 percent   almost double his positives, they are at 32 percent   but he s appealing entirely to white people. Will explained that appealing for white votes is not enough for any national candidate to win elections anymore unless they receive a ridiculous percentage of the vote and that candidates must receive a sizable percentage of votes from other ethnic groups as well if they want to achieve victory in 21st century America. Mitt Romney got 17 percent   that s all   of the non-white vote. Trump, by every measure, would do worse than that. Which means he would not have to get just the 65 percent of the white vote to win that Ronald Reagan got, sweeping 49 states. He would have to get 70 percent of the white vote. A, it won t happen and B, it would destroy the Republican Party by making it the party of white people. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Trump s incendiary remarks about Hispanics and Muslims and the way his supporters have treated black protesters during rallies makes it highly unlikely he will capture many votes if any at all from those voting groups.When President Obama won a second term in 2012, he did so with 75 percent of the Hispanic vote and only less than half of eligible Hispanic voters actually showed up to vote. Trump s hateful comments toward the Hispanic community make it more likely that that both percentages will rise in 2016 to the benefit of the Democratic candidate.And not only did African-Americans have a higher turnout rate than white voters in 2012, 93 percent of them voted for President Obama.The outright racism of the GOP in this election cycle could very well be enough to drive pissed off Hispanics and African-Americans to the voting booth in droves. And that could spell doom for the GOP. Featured image via Free Wood Post",0
7397, Street Performer Will Let You Punch ‘Donald Trump’ For $5 (VIDEOS),"A street performer based in New York City is giving everyone frustrated with Donald Trump and his racist, sexist, anti-immigrant presidential campaign an outlet for their anger.For a small fee, artist Kalan Sherrard will let you punch Donald Trump. For a few dollars more you can even urinate on a facsimile of the real estate tycoon. From the NY Daily News:Street performer dressed as @realDonaldTrump lets you punch him for $5, pee on him for $300 https://t.co/XQK3rsYdmI pic.twitter.com/hz4hpOUzRe  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) March 18, 2016Activist artist Kalan Sherrard, 28, took to Union Square Thursday dressed in a suit and Trump mask and offered up a full menu of assaults.A chance to punch the Trump-esque artist s gut will cost you $5. You can  trample  the GOP frontrunner s doppelganger for $10 and  throttle  him for $7, although the performer s cardboard sign did not elaborate on how far aggressors could take those two terms.For a whopping $300, a Trump-hater can pee on the tycoon.If you merely want a photo with the Donald it will only set you back $2.Sherrard has also posted some videos of his  Beat Up Trump  performance: THIS.???? #payup #beatuptrump #classic #welcometonyc #lmfao #dead #donaldtrump ??? (@mateomma)A video posted by spoiled NYC (@spoiled_nyc) on Mar 15, 2016 at 5:16pm PDT This morning HBO had a stint at The Union Square Park and Trump made use of the crowd to get beaten up. #newyorkstreets #unionsquarepark #beatuptrumpA video posted by Shravya Kag (@saxophonestories) on Mar 15, 2016 at 8:54pm PDT #NY #manhattan #donaldtrump #loqueando en #unionsquare #citylife #president #usa #420 #crazy #insane #fuck #trump #BeatUpTrumpA video posted by eclecticrunner (@koldobandini) on Mar 17, 2016 at 5:19pm PDT Hahahah I can't #beatuptrump #yesgawdA video posted by Jorge Flores (@gigi_cutina93) on Mar 17, 2016 at 2:48pm PDTThe newspaper reported that it is not yet known how many people have taken him up on his offer. Sherrard has performed other art-based stunts in the area before. In 2014, he was charged with disorderly conduct, after he set up a  nihilist-anarchist puppet show  in Times Square. He also was involved in an art display where he set up a series of mutilated marionettes on a train platform.In keeping with the theme of his anti-Trump show, he was previously arrested for protesting at an art event in Miami, while carrying a sex toy in his pocket. He reportedly said he was making a demonstration against the super wealthy.Trump has become notorious in a very short time for encouraging political violence by his supporters. He has made public statements expressing the idea that protesters should be beat up, and said he would be looking into providing legal aid to a Trump supporter who punched a Black Lives Matter in the face.Featured image via Instagram",0
7398, Trump Stoops To A New Low: My Rallies ‘Are The Safest Places A Child Could Be’,"Looking back at all of the offensive, ridiculous things that Republican front runner Donald Trump has said over the past few months, it seems that Trump would probably have a more promising career in stand-up comedy than politics. But unfortunately for the rest of us, Trump is still a leading presidential candidate for the Republican party and continues to say more insane, delusional nonsense every day.One of the latest Trump ramblings reveals just how little Trump cares about the safety of America s youth. Maureen Dowd recently wrote a column about the front runner, pulling from a recent interview she had with Trump. Like every interview the business mogul partakes in, it s absolutely insane.Trump performed his typical bullying tactics, from insulting  total whack job  Megyn Kelly and attacking Elizabeth Warren   before hilariously denying that he was a misogynist or racist. Trump said, Honestly, I m with the people. The people like Trump.  While that s pretty bad, the most shocking part of the interview came when Trump spoke about his rallies, which have become infamous for their violence.Despite the fact that he has absolutely encouraged violence at his rallies and even promised to protect his supporters if they attacked a protester, Trump continues to deny that his campaign events are anything but peaceful. In fact, over the last few days he has blamed the outrageously rabid behavior of his fans on both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton. Trump s dishonesty and delusion run so deep that when Trump was asked if parents should be concerned about bringing their children to rallies where cursing, physical assaults and bullying are par for the course, Trump said this: The rallies are the safest places a child could be. Trump was then questioned about a particular incident in which a man rushed the stage, causing him to visibly quiver in fear. Trump, denying that he felt he was in any danger at all, said, I got credit for that because it looked like I was moving toward him.  He also said that when his protesters scream at  agitators  or protesters,  it adds a little excitement. Clearly, Trump s rallies are NOT a safe place for a child, and it s terrifying that Trump is denying this and ENCOURAGING his supporters to bring their kids into such a chaotic, unstable environment. The scary thing is, Trump s supporters hang on to his every word and are probably too dense to know any better.While Trump continues to deny that his rallies are extremely dangerous, several more incidents of violence happened at a Tuscan, Arizona rally yesterday   ironically the same day that Dowd s column about Trump was published. During the rally, a man was punched, kicked and stomped on the ground, and Trump s own campaign manager was seen grabbing the collar of a protester. Previously, Trump s campaign manager was accused of assaulting a female reporter.And those are not isolated instances. This type of violence follows Trump everywhere he and his protesters go. These attacks are sometimes racially motivated, and sometimes for no reason at all (attacks on peaceful protesters have become quite common). Suggesting that parents expose their children to the type of bigotry, racism and all-around disgusting behavior that we ve seen from Trump and his minions is despicable. Through his denial and lies, Trump has greatly endangered America s youth.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7399," WATCH: Protesters BEHEAD Effigy Of Donald Trump, Kick His Severed Head","Donald Trump continues to lead all others for the Republican nomination for the presidency. He has destroyed his opponents and if his momentum continues, he will most likely be the Republican nominee despite his racist, xenophobic, and often violent rhetoric. Yet, he has not been met without resistance from the rest of non-Republican America. In Chicago, his rally was shut down and these days it seems that wherever he goes, he s met with a barrage of protestors.This was the case in Utah as  pro-Trump and anti-Trump sides clashed. Anti-Trump protestors hung a model of Trump by its neck on the steps of city hall and invited people to smash it like a pi ata.  I hate Trump,  shouted one man as he beheaded the figure in one quick motion. The man then took the head and kicked it to the approval and applause of the audience.The #DumpTrump pi atas are out outside City Hall in #SLC @KSL5TV pic.twitter.com/TLXuItY23h  Nicole Vowell (@NicoleVowellKSL) March 19, 2016Another recording of the event shows a second man taking another swing at the figure of the Republican contender. He shouted to the crowd,  how can Trump run a country when he can t even do his hair right?  He then struck the Trump effigy to a cheering crowd.Here s the video:As the possibility of a Trump nomination is becoming more of a reality, people are coming out by the thousands to reject him all over the country. The best America can do is go to the polls in November to make sure that Trump or the other possible clowns for the Republican nomination do not win the presidency. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7400, How Republicans Plan To Steal The 2016 Election (VIDEO),"Beginning in 2011, Republican-controlled states began setting up what they claim is a system to identify voters who have voted in more than one place.As reported on Democracy Now, at least 27 states began using an interstate  cross-checking system,  which identifies voters whose names appear on the voter rolls in more than one state.Investigative reporter Greg Palast was able to access the list of flagged voters, which has now grown to include more than seven million names.As Palast explains during a recent episode of Redacted Tonight, not a single person whose name appears on the list of flagged voters has been prosecuted for voter fraud.In fact, none of the people whose names have been removed from the voting rolls for  suspected voter fraud  has even been reported for further investigation.That s because Republicans know that this system does not identify people who are voting multiple times, as they claim it does.After reviewing the list firsthand, Palast discovered that it is made up of voters who have very common names; for example, Joe Smith.While it would be surprising if a name like Joe Smith didn t appear multiple times on several state voter rolls, the system flags any voter who  appears to be registered twice.  Worse, it even flags voters who may have the same first and last name as another person, but an entirely different middle name.Not surprisingly, the interstate cross-check system overwhelmingly impacts minority and Democratic voters.During a March 10, 2016 interview with Lee Camp, Palast described the likely impact of the interstate  crosscheck  system on the 2016 election.Watch the interview below:Palast first began sounding the alarm over inaccuracies in the interstate  crosscheck  system in 2014.A thirty-minute special report titled  Jim Crow Returns: Interstate  Crosscheck  Program threatens Millions of Voters,  provides a closer look at the list of voters who have been impacted by the bogus system.Watch the full report below, via Greg Palast on YouTube:Millions of voters are likely to be kicked from the voter rolls between now and November, if they haven t been already.One of the most important things voters can do to protect their voting rights is regularly check their status as a registered voter.As we get closer to the general election, republicans will step up their efforts to disenfranchise as many democratic voters as possible.Lee Camp s third video in the series Seven Ways To Beat The Ballot Bandits drives the point home:Go here to find out what else you can do to preserve and protect your vote.Image credit: video screen capture via Greg Palast on youtube",0
7401, Obama Infuriates GOP By Proving Cubans Are Not Scary Communists In This Comedy Skit (VIDEO),"Conservatives love to portray Cuba as an unviting hellhole, and its citizens complete monsters, so Barack Obama decided to do something about that. Preceding his historic first visit to the island nation, the President filmed a skit with Cuban TV star P nfilo Friday so the Cuban people could get to know him.In the skit, P nfilo accidentally calls the White House while attempting to call the Meteorological Institute in Casa Blanca to check the weather for a baseball game. Instead of receiving information on what Mother Nature is up to, however, he ends up on the phone with Obama. Penfilo,  unaware  of the identity of the person on the other end, asks if the President can convey a message to himself. When Obama replies,  This is President Obama,  the comic feigns an exaggerated panic before returning the (corded) phone to his ear. But Obama,  he stammers,  the REAL Obama. Yes, the real Obama,  the President replies.  Who s this?  After introductions, P nfilo tells the President he is glad for the upcoming visit  so that [Obama] can get to know the country and its people. The President replies with an important message to which anti-Cuban conservatives should pay attention: The Cuban People and the American people are friends. P nfilo jokes with the President about long waits at the airport and offers to pick him and the First Lady up. He even offers to allow them to stay at his house.P nfilo is a fictional character played by Luis Silva. The show is incredibly popular, reaching about 2/3 of the country s population. The Obamas will leave for Cuba on Sunday and will stop in Argentina afterward. Obama s visit will be the first to Cuba by an American President in 88 years, and an effort to solidify or new friendship with our island neighbor to the South.While our friends on the Right still hate Cuba, the response on the Cuban Embassy s Facebook page was overwhelmingly positive   a sign that, at least on their end, friendship between our two nations is at least possible. Let s not f*ck it up.Watch the skit below:// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;P nfilo conversa con el Presidente Obama Adivina con qui n convers  Luis Silva P nfilo! #ObamaenCubaPosted by Embajada de Estados Unidos en Cuba on Saturday, March 19, 2016Featured image via screengrab",0
7402," More Violence Erupts At Trump Rally, Protester Kicked And Stomped (VIDEO)","At this point, hearing that there has been violent attacks at rallies held by GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is hardly surprising. His supporters are notoriously fanatical, and woe betide anyone who gets on their bad side   especially when they are all riled up and in the midst of listening to another blistering speech by the leader they look up to so much. So, to that end, here we are again, reading another news cycle of things gone awry at yet another Trump rally, this time in Tucson, Arizona.It appears that, as is par for the course at Trump events these days, there were bunches of protesters. Cell phone video has been making the rounds on social media that shows a man, apparently a protester, being brutally attacked by Trump s brute-like supporters. First, it appears that the man is punched, and then, when he is actually on the ground, he is stomped and kicked, until the authorities show up and break up the altercation.All the while, Trump continues to speak, making his already volatile crowd even more so. Here is the video, as tweeted out by NBC reporter Frank Thorp:VIOLENCE at another Donald Trump rally, this time in Tucson, AZ. Man hits and kicks protester: pic.twitter.com/7FWuSeE0Jt  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) March 19, 2016And here is another video that seemingly shows Trump s own campaign manager roughing up a protester:Here is Donald Trump's campaign manager in the Tucson crowd grabbing the collar of a protester. pic.twitter.com/JZ9RntWlHY  Jacqueline Alemany (@JaxAlemany) March 19, 2016It should be damn frightening to ANYONE that the presidential frontrunner of a major American political party sincerely not only believes that this behavior is okay, but actively encourages it. This, ladies and gentlemen, is Donald Trump s America. Be afraid. Be very afraid.Featured image via video screen capture via Twitter",0
7403, Trump’s Campaign Manager Caught On Tape Instigating Fight Between Trump Fan And Protester (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has repeatedly defended his blatant calls for violence against his critics by pretending that the protesters, not his fans, are the  violent  ones. This, he claims, justifies any assaults his supporters unleash at his rallies, no matter how unprovoked.Unfortunately, there is not a lot of proof that the protesters are the people starting violence. One man who was recently sucker punched by a Trump supporter who thought he was from ISIS (he wasn t) was actually already being escorted out by police officers when he was attacked. He had done absolutely zero harm to anyone when he was hit with an elbow coming fast from his blind spot.So lacking any real evidence, it seems that Trump s campaign now wants to instigate fights between supporters and protesters in order to  prove  that it s not Trump s rhetoric that is inciting violence   and they were just caught on tape.At a tense rally in Tucson, Arizona, Trump s controversial campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, (who has already been accused of assaulting a reporter at a separate rally) was filmed yanking the collar of protester, and then letting the man next to him take the fall for it. It s startling to watch, but look closely.Here is Donald Trump s campaign manager in the Tucson crowd grabbing the collar of a protester. pic.twitter.com/JZ9RntWlHY  Jacqueline Alemany (@JaxAlemany) March 19, 2016Because honesty has no meaning in Trump-land, this obvious attempt to incite a fight was flatly denied by the campaign. They claimed the man to the left of Lewandowski was the perpetrator, a premise absurd enough to rank up there with the most audacious lies of North Korea or Soviet Russia.Back in the real world, the video clearly shows Lewandowski placing a hand on the back of the protester s shirt, grabbing a fist full of collar and yanking. When the man turns, Lewandowski lets go and watches as the protester and the man standing next to him get into a shoving match. He doesn t even bother to intervene. This is what he wants.Trump s rally was attended by conservative Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who runs portions of the state like his own personal dictatorship so it s unlikely any criminal charges will be brought against Lewandowski. However, it is worth nothing that Trump barely escaped a  inciting a riot  charge for his violent rally in North Carolina just two weeks ago. The reasoning was that Trump s actions and words are whipping his followers into a violent frenzy that makes it unsafe for protesters. Now his campaign has been caught red handed trying to   say it with me   incite a riot once again.This will go one of two ways: Either Trump s campaign gets charged with the crimes they are committing, or they are going to get their wish and someone gets killed. There doesn t appear to be a lot of middle ground here.Featured image via Twitter ",0
7404, Trump Makes An Even Scarier Threat After Promising Riots: We’ll ‘Win With Our Second Amendment’ (VIDEO),"Republican front runner Donald Trump, who recently threatened America by saying there would be riots if he wasn t made the GOP nominee, has just made an even more insane, terrifying prediction: he s going to win with guns, pretty much giving the thumbs up to gun violence.During a Saturday rally in Phoenix, Arizona, Trump made his supporters grand promises of how  we are going to win . Amongst these promises was an ominous threat. Shouting over the crowd s cheers, Trump yelled: We re going to win with our Second Amendment. We re gonna win big league with our Second Amendment! You can watch the unbelievable moment below, where Trump delights his gun-loving fanatics:If Trump s comments weren t disturbing enough, this particular rally was also overcome by a horrendous amount of brutality. In once instance, police officers released pepper stray on anti-Trump protesters for little to no reason, arresting several. In another incident, a Trump fan drove a Jeep right through a crowd of protesters. Even on social media, Trump fans were calling for protesters to be  tear gassed and shot. Trump s preference of using tactics such as bullying, violence and threats seem to be limitless   every week, he raises the bar and encourages his fans to up the ante, too. In the past, he s promised to  ruin  the lives of protesters by arresting them, and vowed to pay any legal fees that may result from his supporters attacking protesters (and then denied it). Trump even threatened to punch a protester himself. All of these things have actually happened been said by Trump and many of them have happened   so the fact that he is riling up his loyal gun nut followers and talking about their Second Amendment rights is all the more terrifying. And let s not forget that Trump actually said that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and STILL rise in the polls.Someone should probably tell the RNC that Ohio, where the GOP convention will take place this summer, is an open carry state. Since it s not likely that the RNC will take the safety measures to prevent guns from coming into the convention, hopefully there will be enough  good guys with guns  to take on Trump s gun-toting minions if he doesn t get the nomination. Featured image via Quietmike.org",0
7405, Anti-Trump Protesters Pepper Sprayed AGAIN (VIDEO),"While I don t believe Donald Trump can possibly win a general election against a coma patient, much less Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, I am growing concerned with how eager the police seem to be to attack his detractors. From arresting peaceful protesters after THEY were physically assaulted to pepper spraying protesters for little to no reason, the police appear to be casting their votes early:In a video uploaded to YouTube, police can be seen attempting to shove protesters behind barricades as a a chant of  F*ck Trump  can be heard.Officers can also be seen moving through the crowd taking pictures as the protesters are pushed from multiple directions.According @Lukewearechange, who uploaded the video, police did resort to pepper spray and arrests were being made.Here s the video the police shoving the protesters back:Considering the police have been almost completely ignoring the escalating violence of Trump s Brownshirts, it s worrying how quick they are to arrest and abuse anti-Trump protesters. At what point will they do their jobs and protect ALL citizens, not just the conservative ones?The biggest question is going to be this: When Republicans figure out how to deny Trump the nomination and his cult members riot, will the police treat THEM like they treat liberals or will Right Wing Privilege kick in? I ve been trying to think of a SINGLE time that the police have pepper sprayed conservative protesters. I personally watched a group push past barricades and march right up to the steps of the Capitol and the police did exactly nothing. Sure, they kept them from going any further but I also saw how the police treated the Occupy Wall Street protesters and they would have been hosed down with pepper spray before they got within 200 feet on the building.It makes you wonder just how much support from the police a President Trump would have if he declared martial law and suspended the Bill of rights.Featured image via screen capture ",0
7406, Trump Fan Drives Jeep Through Crowd Of Protesters (VIDEO),"Saturday afternoon, a group of protesters gathered on the main road leading into Fountain Hills, the location of Donald Trump s latest hatefest, and set up a  Quarrantine  of the rally. Traffic was backed up for miles as the demonstrators peacefully protested the rally   but many Trump fans were displeased that people chose to act in opposition to their leader s wishes.On social media, some fanatical supporters of The Donald called for the protesters to be  tear gassed and shot,  while others had another idea    run them over.  Some even began inquiring as to the legality of pancaking peaceful demonstrators with one s car. While it might seem unbelievable that someone would take these insane fringe-nuts up on their suggestion,WKBW reports that one Jeep-driving Trump fan wanted to get to the rally so badly that he plowed into the protesters  with his vehicle.Video of the scene shows the unnamed driver pushing his way through the crowd with zero regard for the safety of the human beings in front of his vehicle. The demonstrators can be seen moving out of the way, some obviously panicked, while others attempt to stop their assailant from moving any further.It might be expected that the police who were present would wish to stop the driver, but they can clearly be seen on the video providing an escort, even shoving around people who are attempting to stop the driver whose appointment with Trump was more important than the safety of the demonstrators.Fortunately, no one was injured, though this incident makes it clear that the cops were there for one purpose: to protect Donald Trump rather than the people.In 2014, a vehicle moving at a similar speed plowed through a crowd of Michael Brown supporters. While it was not moving quickly, one protester s leg became trapped by the wheel and she was dragged at least 20 feet before she was able to free herself. Like the operator of this Jeep, the driver kept going with zero regard for the assembled crowd.It is unclear why police chose not to intervene, but it is noteworthy that law enforcement reaction to the protest is managed by anti-Hispanic bigot, Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who recently endorsed The Donald. Is it any wonder that his men did not care about the safety of anyone who was not there to worship Trump?Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab",0
7407, Right Wing Elites Declare Total War On Poor White Communities,"For decades (centuries?), the right has perpetuated the myth of white superiority by pointing at black communities that are being crushed by poverty and crime. It was, they said, evidence that black people were inferior because white communities didn t have those kinds of problems.Republicans played to this racism with the Southern Strategy, which told poor white people that everything was OK as long as they were better than Those People. More importantly, if they just voted for the GOP, Republicans would stop Those People from taking their jobs/white women/opportunities/etc. And it worked really REALLY well. Poor white people flocked to elect Republicans who then gave trillions away to the rich and threw some crumbs at the poor people that elected them in the first place.But then the economy collapsed and while it hit the black community harder, millions of working class white people were suddenly in the same situation: No job, no money and no future. The result? A massive increase in dug and alcohol abuse, suicide and crime.In other words, they responded in much the same way economically devastated black communities did (but for your own safety, don t TELL them that!)Now, a rational person would look at this and say,  Aha! So it s NOT some kind of moral failing on the black of Those People! It s Poverty and the lack of Economic Opportunities!  But the conservative elite are not rational. They re the new French Aristocracy. They re so dedicated to the premise that the Have Nots are morally, intellectually and spiritually inferior that they have begun to turn on their own base despite their matching skin tone.Over at the National Review Online, the right wing s premiere thought leader, you will find a growing hostility to poor white people. In a piece by Kevin Williamson, you will find this lengthy screed denouncing the Republican base for siding with Trump against their masters:It is immoral because it perpetuates a lie: that the white working class that finds itself attracted to Trump has been victimized by outside forces. It hasn t. The white middle class may like the idea of Trump as a giant pulsing humanoid middle finger held up in the face of the Cathedral, they may sing hymns to Trump the destroyer and whisper darkly about  globalists  and   odious, stupid term    the Establishment,  but nobody did this to them. They failed themselves.If you spend time in hardscrabble, white upstate New York, or eastern Kentucky, or my own native West Texas, and you take an honest look at the welfare dependency, the drug and alcohol addiction, the family anarchy   which is to say, the whelping of human children with all the respect and wisdom of a stray dog   you will come to an awful realization. It wasn t Beijing. It wasn t even Washington, as bad as Washington can be. It wasn t immigrants from Mexico, excessive and problematic as our current immigration levels are. It wasn t any of that.Nothing happened to them. There wasn t some awful disaster. There wasn t a war or a famine or a plague or a foreign occupation. Even the economic changes of the past few decades do very little to explain the dysfunction and negligence   and the incomprehensible malice   of poor white America. So the gypsum business in Garbutt ain t what it used to be. There is more to life in the 21st century than wallboard and cheap sentimentality about how the Man closed the factories down.The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die. Economically, they are negative assets. Morally, they are indefensible. Forget all your cheap theatrical Bruce Springsteen crap. Forget your sanctimony about struggling Rust Belt factory towns and your conspiracy theories about the wily Orientals stealing our jobs. Forget your goddamned gypsum, and, if he has a problem with that, forget Ed Burke, too. The white American underclass is in thrall to a vicious, selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles. Donald Trump s speeches make them feel good. So does OxyContin. What they need isn t analgesics, literal or political. They need real opportunity, which means that they need real change, which means that they need U-Haul. I was shocked at the tone. The absolute loathing for poor and working class whites is so thick you couldn t cut it with a chainsaw. This is the kind of hatred usually reserved for black people and liberals. But it s obvious this is not a newly formed opinion by Williamson. The dripping condescension of  Forget all your cheap theatrical Bruce Springsteen crap. Forget your sanctimony about struggling Rust Belt factory towns and your conspiracy theories about the wily Orientals stealing our jobs  reveals a long held contempt for what conservative elites like Williamson usually refer to as  The REAL America. And just to make sure the conservative elites are on board with how terrible and degenerate these poor (white) people are, NRO s David French quotes that entire segment above and then adds his own hate:These are strong words, but they are fundamentally true and important to say. My childhood was different from Kevin s, but I grew up in Kentucky, live in a rural county in Tennessee, and have seen the challenges of the white working-class first-hand. Simply put, Americans are killing themselves and destroying their families at an alarming rate. No one is making them do it. The economy isn t putting a bottle in their hand. Immigrants aren t making them cheat on their wives or snort OxyContin. Obama isn t walking them into the lawyer s office to force them to file a bogus disability claim.He goes on and on and on about how they ve been seduced by welfare checks and food stamps and now they re just lazy (sound familiar?).These two rich and privileged men are finally dropping the charade that the real war in this country is based on race. It never was. Race was a ruse used by the rich to keep the poor squabbling while they stole the country. But now that the 1% has broken the economy for EVERYONE, not just minorities, poor white people are furious at the people that promised them they would be better than Those People.The rich and their mouthpieces can t help but be enraged by the lack of gratitude on display. Did they not drop crumbs for the poor to feast upon? Did they not pass laws to make life even worse for blacks and gay people? Now the poor whites that give the rich their political power are expecting to be treated like people? How DARE they?!We are witnessing the end of conservative politics as we know it. The rich were able to keep the poor distracted with shiny objects and race baiting but now they re in open warfare against each other with no realistic way to mend the schism between the greed of the rich and the needs of the poor.Get more popcorn, it s going to be quite a show.Featured image author generated",0
7408, This Proof Of Evolution In Humans Will Make Conservative ‘Christians’ Explode With Rage (VIDEO),"Conservatives constantly insist that there is no proof of human evolution, but after watching this video they might tear their own bodies apart just to destroy the evidence contained within.In a video released by Vox, a narrator clearly explains how humans have proof of evolution inside their own bodies that are leftover pieces from our past that we no longer need because we evolved. Your body is a temple, but it s also a museum of natural history,  the narrator says in the introduction. Look closely and you ll see parts that aren t there because you need them, but because your animal ancestors did. No longer serving their previous function, but not costly enough to have disappeared, these remnants of our deep history only make sense within the framework of evolution by natural selection. The video goes on to list several body parts that some people have that are not necessary such as a vestigial muscle in the forearm that can be seen by placing the top of your wrist on a flat surface and touching your pinky with your thumb. Some people have this long tendon band that is commonly found in lemurs and monkeys that need it to grip tree limbs. Approximately 10 percent to 15 percent of people are missing that tendon because we don t  scramble through trees  anymore.Then there are the three muscles attached to our outer ear. These muscle remnants were once a useful nocturnal tool for detecting the direction of sounds and is still found in cats and other mammals. But we have evolved from needing these muscles because we no longer need to survive in the wild forest at night.Goosebumps are yet another leftover vestigial group of muscles, albeit tiny ones, that activate in the effort to increase the amount of space for insulation, which is useless to humans now because we are no longer covered with fur like other mammals.Humans also once had tails, but they are yet another vestigial body part that has disappeared over time because we evolved to no longer need them, so the tail cells die before a full tail develops, which is why we only have tail bones while other mammals develop full tails. As it turns out, human embryos look similar to other vertebrates at 4 weeks in development, complete with a tail. Some humans are still born with a tail that is surgically removed.The video then talks about the palmar grasp reflex, which is found in human babies as well as chimps and other monkeys that allow them to grip whatever is put in their hand. Incredible footage from the past shows a baby holding on tightly to a bar while hanging down, thus demonstrating our  inner monkey. Here s the video via YouTube.This video about human evolution is similar to a video demonstrating the evolution of hippos and whales and how they are related to each other.While that video also made conservative  Christians  blow a gasket, this latest video featuring human evolution ought to make them absolutely explode. So it s perfect to share with any conservative you know. And then just sit back, relax, and watch the fireworks. Featured image via screen capture",0
7409, Rape Kit-Opposing Sheriff Gives Non-Apology For Calling Most Rapes ‘Consensual Sex’,"When people think of rape, they generally imagine some masked man grabbing a woman and dragging her into a dark alley or the woods and assaulting her. However, it generally doesn t happen that way. Most sexual assault occurs at the hands of someone the victim knows   this is usually referred to as  date rape,  or  acquaintance rape.  That is what makes these cases so difficult to prosecute. That is also what makes things like the processing of rape kits and other physical evidence following an assault so vital. However, one Idaho sheriff has gotten the idea in his head that most rapes are  consensual sex,  and thanks to that, he doesn t think his state needs laws making sure rape kits get processed.However, following rightful public outrage, Bingham County Sheriff Craig Rowland is backpeddling. He took to the Sheriff Department s Facebook page to try to explain just why he made the outrageous and despicable assertion that most rapes are actually, to use his words,  consensual sex.  Here is this neanderthal s Facebook  apology : I want to explain what I was trying to say in the interview. I misspoke when I said the majority of our rape cases are consensual sex. The meaning behind my statement that has been misunderstood is that when a case is called into the dispatch center each and every one is thoroughly investigated. A Deputy is sent to every one of these cases and that Deputy then in turn contacts the on-call detective to help with the investigation. In some of these cases through the investigation it may be determined that the sex was consensual, but not always. In these types of cases after the investigation is complete and it was determined that the sex was consensual. I don t believe that those kits should be sent to the lab. Then, as if that sorry excuse for an  apology  weren t enough, Rowland then went on to go down the old  I m sorry if you were offended  road, and then proceeded to paint HIMSELF as a victim here, talking about  cyber-bullying : I know that it is hard for victims to come forward on sexual assault cases. I spoke to a rape victim today and told her that I knew it was hard for her to come forward. I want to apologize to anyone who I might have offended with my statement as my main responsibility is to the public s safety and well being and maintaining their trust.,  he wrote.  I can also say with regret that I now know what it is like to be cyber bullied. Not only have I been threatened but so has my family. I hope that this will clear things up a bit. Sure, it clears things up, Sheriff Rowland, but not in the way you think. What you ve said here is no different from what you said before. You re victim-blaming. Nine times out of ten, if a woman says she was raped, she was. You say yourself that it s hard for victims to disclose. So, why the hell would anyone make something like that up? It s men like you, Sheriff Rowland, who keep rape culture alive and well.You have no business in law enforcement, and I sincerely feel for the rape victims for whom you are their only source of so-called  help. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7410, Here’s How The NFL Will Punish This State If It Passes Anti-Gay Law,"Georgia risks losing a chance to host the Super Bowl if an anti-gay bill currently working its way through the state legislature becomes law. The National Football League has issued a statement on Georgia s so-called  religious freedom  legislation, House Bill 757. NFL policies emphasize tolerance and inclusiveness, and prohibit discrimination based on age, gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, or any other improper standard,  NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said in a statement.  Whether the laws and regulations of a state and local community are consistent with these policies would be one of many factors NFL owners may use to evaluate potential Super Bowl host sites. The Falcons are currently building a new stadium in Atlanta, which is slated to open in 2017. They were hoping to host a Super Bowl there in either 2019 or 2020. The league has often given new stadiums, particularly in warmer climates, an opportunity to host the championship game.The law in question would allow faith-based groups to refuse service to people if that service violated the group s religious beliefs. That has re-ignited fears of discrimination against LGBT Americans enshrined in the law. This would allow organizations to discriminate against LGBT people or single mothers who have no ministerial function within the religious organization, like a janitor, a cafeteria worker, an administrative assistant,  said Anthony Kreis, a professor at the University of Georgia and an expert in constitutional law.Arthur Blank, co-founder of Home Depot and owner of the Falcons, opposes the bill. He said it  would have long-lasting negative impact on our state and the people of Georgia. Like what happened in Indiana, hundreds of business leaders oppose Georgia s  religious freedom  law, which now awaits the signature of Governor Nathan Deal, a Republican, to become the law. Deal had previously said he would not sign a bill that allows discrimination. Featured image via Flickr",0
7411," Scientists Measure Trump’s Grammar, Find He’s At The Level Of This Infamously Dense Former President","It s been several months, and hundreds of hours of rallies, since the last time scientists took a hard look at Donald Trump s intelligence, and the new data did not help the Republican front runner look any smarter.In a new analysis of the language Trump uses, scientists discovered that he is talking to his supporters at a 5th grade level   the lowest of any candidate in the race.The study, done by the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, seems to confirm what an earlier, albeit less scientific, analysis by the Boston Globe found: Donald Trump has either the language development of an 11-year-old child, or he thinks his supporters do.The results can often times be laughably bad. Here, for example, is an answer Trump gave to Jimmy Kimmel when asked to defend his call to ban Muslims from the United States. He falls into a Rubio-esque repeat of the same two or three meaningless sentences: Look, we have people coming into our country that are looking to do tremendous harm. You look at the two   look at Paris. Look what happened in Paris. I mean, these people, they did not come from Sweden, okay? Look at what happened in Paris. Look at what happened last week in California, with, you know, 14 people dead. Other people going to die, they re so badly injured. And when he gets flustered, not only does his grammar go out the window, but so does his ability to spell. He winds up shooting off angry tweets like this one which contain astoundingly misspelled words.""one of the dummer people on television"" pic.twitter.com/JP6zZpxelb  James Cook (@JamesLiamCook) June 25, 2015@BigDaveBets @realDonaldTrump you know there a thousand screenshots just like this one lol. pic.twitter.com/En6k9dwS6B  Ricky Spanisssssssh (@micahsgrrl) February 26, 2016The study also looked at past presidents to compare how the new crop stacks up. The researchers found that while most candidates were around the average, there were two notable exceptions   Donald Trump and George W. Bush   circling the very bottom.George W. Bush, of course, is well known for having been one of America s least intellectual presidents. He was voted into office largely because he was a guy Republicans wanted to  have a beer with  and not because he had the brain power to effectively do the job. In fact, his legendary stupidity was used as a selling point. He wasn t an  elitist  because he didn t (or couldn t) use big words and never excelled in school. His opponent, Al Gore, his supporters claimed was too smart. A major turn off for them.Trump seems to be banking on the same anti-intellectual thinking. The simpler the words, the more they adore him. What his fans don t remember is that Bush s ability to be fun in a bar didn t translate into a good presidency. He left America in an historic recession and multiple wars. A bit more thinking would have been nice.Featured image via Flickr ",0
7412, Anti-Trump Protestors Shut Down Major Road Leading To Arizona Rally (IMAGES/VIDEOS),"Protestors have peacefully shut down the main road leading to a Trump rally being held in Fountain Hills, Arizona. It appears that the protestors have successfully prevented hundreds of cars from being able to proceed to the rally.The protestors can be seen holding signs that say  Dump Trump  and  Shut Down Trump Protesters shut down main road leading to Trump event near Phoenix. pic.twitter.com/qcqdoGdWHW  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) March 19, 2016The protestors used trucks to create a blockade across the road.Crazy protest at #Trump rally in Phoenix. @mattmauro12news #12News pic.twitter.com/5MOvri5eM9  Patti Dennis (@pattid9news) March 19, 2016At least one person has chained themselves to one of the trucks.Protester with neck locked to car on main road to #StopTrump in Arizona #UnitedAgainstHate pic.twitter.com/lHaR0v4O8r  Mijente (@ConMijente) March 19, 2016 BREAKING: #StopTrump cars blocking road to rally in anti-immigrant stronghold #NoMasTrumpadas pic.twitter.com/lttsYWbREH  Puente Arizona (@PuenteAZ) March 19, 2016This all comes just one week after thousands of protestors shut down a Trump rally in Chicago, Illinois. Trump s supporters have become increasingly violent at Trump campaign events. That violence is usually directed towards protestors and people of color. Trump has been actively encouraging this violence, though he still claims that he is not.People have noted that many of the people stuck in traffic are angry at the protestors. Twitter, as per usual, is doing a great job of pointing out the problem with some people s priorities.Drivers angry bcuz of inconvenience. People protest bcuz #NeverTrump has threatened torture, mass expulsion &violence. #UnitedAgainstHate  Marisa Franco (@marisa_franco) March 19, 2016Here is video footage of the protest.?BREAKING NEWS: Protesters Shut Down Hwy To Trump Event Arizona.https://t.co/3T83xBQZj6#NeverTrump @Yehudi3 @JVER1 @ChuckNellis @AllieinMO  Ruben Singh (@RubenSinghK) March 19, 2016Here is some on-the-ground footage of the protest. Watch as dozens of protestors chant,  Whose streets? Our Streets!  As they continue to prevent hundreds of vehicles from proceeding.87 Highway and Shea Blvd #stoptrump #UnitedAgainstHate pic.twitter.com/iL3oiMX1ao  Puente Arizona (@PuenteAZ) March 19, 2016One anti-Trump protestor has been arrested.3 cars towed, 1st arrest of Anti-Trump protester on Shea Blvd and Eagle Mnt Street shutdown. The rest are holding on strong! #stoptrump  Puente Arizona (@PuenteAZ) March 19, 2016Protests were expected to take place at the Trump rally. That s why Sheriff Joe Arpaio was called in to police the event. Here I m gonna be kinda wearing two hats   in charge of the security there in the town and also participating, I would imagine, with Trump in the rally, so it makes it interesting,  Arpaio said in an interview with Politico, adding that it  is going to be a lot of fun taking care of business there. Protester chains himself to car in street shutdown to Trump Rally #UnitedAgainstHate #stoptrump pic.twitter.com/AhjZHJrtxo  Puente Arizona (@PuenteAZ) March 19, 2016Featured image from video screenshot",0
7413, Trump Supporters Show They’re Not As Crazy As You Thought — They’re WORSE (VIDEO),"The majority of America has been wondering who actually is supporting Donald Trump. He s been rejected in Chicago and protests have been a theme at his rallies throughout the country. Yet, he does have support as evidenced by his trouncing of other GOP hopefuls who are just as crazy as he is but are prone to show it less. So, who are Trump s supporters exactly? This video shows us who these people are and how they think:Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiFMts60ZIQ]One man believed that the government is after Trump, turning the volatile and nasty Republican candidate into a victim or even a martyr of sorts.  I m for Trump cause he s being bullied by the government and they need to be together,  the man said. And when asked about the frequent counter-protests against Trump, he defended the Republican candidate.  I m not racist and I don t think he s racist,  though he admitted Trump should have denounced the KKK.Another man believes in Trump s honesty and thinks Bernie will control his every move: I think Trump is honest. We don t need a Barack in office no more, because he s a liar. He can t be direct. Hillary Clinton is a criminal. Bernie Sanders is a socialist. He believes in taking away all our freedoms. He ll control the way we eat, the way we sleep, the way we live. These remarks border on paranoia and misinformation. If these people just looked a little closer and deeper at who they re voting for, they would see a racist, a demagogue, and someone who s already done damage to this country. One can only imagine the damage he would do should he become president. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7414, Bill Maher And Barney Frank Destroy GOP For Choosing Petty Politics Over Functioning Supreme Court,"Bill Maher and Barney Frank totally schooled Republicans on Friday night.The Real Time host began by asking his panel to help explain why Senate Republicans are being complete pricks about President Obama picking the next Supreme Court Justice.Maher pointed out that Republicans have wobbled since Obama picked centrist Judge Merrick Garland to replace recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia. Now they are saying they want to wait until the lame-duck period after the election to make a final decision.Of course, we all know why they want to do this all of a sudden. A centrist like Garland may be the best Republicans can get, especially if the Democrats retain the White House in November. If that happens we can expect Republicans to eagerly confirm Garland in order to prevent a more liberal nominee from being nominated. And if Republicans win the White House they ll wait until 2017 so a more conservative nominee can take the position instead.In other words, Republicans are playing a duplicitous game of politics and the GOP consultant on board the panel actually had the stones to admit that his party is playing politics in an effort to keep the Republican Party from blowing apart. Because if they balk now, they risk pissing off their conservative base. Mitch McConnell knows one thing very clearly,  Rick Wilson said.  If they allow an Obama justice to go forward at this point it will blow a gigantic hole in the Republican coalition like we have never seen before. They have drawn a bright line, they have sworn this is a line they re not going to cross  After Wilson said he s a  shameless political guy,  Maher chimed in by asking,  Aren t you an American first? Wilson responded by saying there is nothing in the Constitution keeping Republicans from doing what they are doing and that GOP leadership is telling the base that they ve drawn a line to keep President Obama from having a lasting legacy on the Supreme Court.Well, that didn t impress former longtime congressman Barney Frank. I spent 40 years as an elected official. I ran for office 20 times,  Frank told Wilson.  I understand the role of politics, but I am disappointed, Rick. The explicit elevation of the need of keeping your coalition together over the functioning of the federal government is awful. Frank went on to say that there is a need for an odd number of Justices on the Court because an even number could lead to tied rulings that don t settle cases and agreed that this is about restricting President Obama to a three year term. Yes, it s in the Constitution that Obama gets to make an appointment,  Frank continued.  And what McConnell is putting forward is a nonsense theory, namely that it s only a 3-year term. Frank also expressed his hope that Republicans would have taken the opportunity to to pull back from their rabid base a little bit because of Donald Trump but it appears they have no intention of doing that. Instead, they appear to be doubling down on their allegiance to the base at their peril.Maher then re-introduced a word he came up with years ago known as  blacktracking,  which is when Republicans change their mind because President Obama agrees with them. As it turns out, it happened again this week because Republicans had no problem with Merrick Garland being nominated for the Supreme Court until President Obama nominated him this week.Here s the video via Twitter.Watch @BillMaher and the #RealTime panel discuss the GOP s  blacktracking  over @POTUS s SCOTUS nomination.https://t.co/5iiG9vrtBp  Real Time (@RealTimers) March 19, 2016 Featured image via video screen capture",0
7415, Alabama’s Latest Assault On Gay Marriage Is Great News For Kim Davis Wannabes,"Since the Supreme Court s ruling that legalized gay marriage, no state has worked quite as hard as Alabama to see to it that the Christian right s dependency on bigotry to exist is protected at all costs. This week the state senate took the next step in the battle against bigots and zealots having to acknowledge the law of the land by passing a bill that eliminates marriage licenses in the state altogether.Yes, rather than forcing clerks and judges to put their stamp of approval on what will undoubtedly cause the end of civilization as we know it, Senate Bill 143 takes the state completely out of the marriage game. Residents would instead sign affidavits of a civil union, which clerks would receive and record. That way, when the trumpets sound and the archangel Gabriel descends to turn Mobile into salt, those who issue marriage licenses will be able to stand at the pearly gates and plead their case to St. Peter with a clean conscience.The bill, which reads, All requirements to obtain a marriage license by the State of Alabama are hereby abolished and repealed. The requirement of a ceremony of marriage to solemnize the marriage is abolished,  has been dubbed the  three way bill  by critics because it makes marriage between two people and their attorney. State Senator Greg Albritton told reporters: When you invite the state into those matters of personal or religious import, it creates difficulties. Early twentieth century, if you go back and look and try to find marriage licenses for your grandparents or great grandparents, you won t find it. What you will find instead is where people have come in and recorded when a marriage has occurred. Early twentieth century, if you go back and look, was a time before marriages had to be legal for income tax purposes because there was no income tax. It makes no difference what way Alabama Republicans try to spin it, this is bill is designed to save Christians from having to treat the gay community as people under any circumstances. The proposed law would still maintain a few state requirements for a civil marriage contract: Minors between the ages of 16 and 18 would still need parental permission and the state would refuse to record a marriage contract if either party was already married or related by blood or adoption.The funny thing is, had every state adopted a law just like this one when the issue came about, there would have been no need for a court case or a SCOTUS ruling. Two people dedicated to each other could enjoy all of the legal and tax advantages of their union while still being free to marry as their faith allows or requires, without interference from bigots at the clerk s office.We would also have had the added advantage of never having to hear the name Kim Davis.Featured image from AlabamaConnection.org",0
7416, Grab Your Popcorn: Ryan Bundy Pretty Much Just Volunteered For Prison,"Just when we think that the Bundy Militia morons couldn t possibly surpass the amount of stupid they have already demonstrated, one of them surprises us. On Friday, Ryan Bundy, leader of Y all Qaeda, decided that he didn t need no stinkin  lawyer and is going to represent himself.Bundy is facing charges for possession of firearms in a federal facility, conspiring to impede federal officers from doing their jobs at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge, theft of government property as well as possessing and using a firearm while committing a violent act. He could face up to life in prison if convicted.U.S. District Court Judge Anna Brown warned Bundy that it wasn t a particularly bright idea to represent himself, saying, The stakes here are extremely high.  But Bundy was not dissuaded, he said that he was upset that his younger brother, Ammon Bundy, was told to let his lawyers speak for him during his hearing: I need to be able to speak when the time is right .I feel it very important that I need not be silenced when I need to be able to speak. The judge asked Bundy if he has any courtroom experience and he said he d represented himself before. However, the previous outcomes in those cases were not exactly favorable. As Oregon Live reported in January:2007: Arrested on suspicion of interfering with a legal arrest. He waived his right to an attorney and demanded a jury trial, only to change his plea to no contest on the day of the scheduled trial. He was sentenced to six months of probation in November 2008, ordered to take a life skills class and fined $500, court records show.2011: Found guilty of several vehicle-related citations, including an equipment violation and driving on a restricted license.2012: Arrested on an allegation of misdemeanor theft. A judge ordered the charges to be dropped if Bundy fulfilled 18 months of probation.2014: Charged with interfering with an animal officer. He pleaded no contest in April 2015, but not before he was arrested on a failure-to-appear warrant. He ended up paying a $150 fine.If this case turns out like those, he s definitely going to prison for a long time. Of course, that s where he and his fellow  occupiers  belong anyway   maybe the court will allow him te represent the rest of them too. Featured image via Multnomah County Sheriff s Office",0
7417," WATCH: Cartoon DESTROYS Trump, Shows Why He Shouldn’t Be President","Donald Trump is winning states and if his momentum continues, he will be the Republican nominee for the presidency of the United States. That statement is hard to write, harder to say, and the idea of Trump becoming the most powerful man in the world is the hardest to fathom. That s because Trump is textbook demagogy at its finest and he is decisive and narcissistic.Trump doesn t want to be president to help America. Proof for that statement is the fact that his call for violence, his racism, and his divisive nature have already hurt America. Rather, Trump wants to be president so he can be called president.Mark Fiore sums up Trump s demagogy very well in his new cartoon. He said:  I m not saying he s Hitler or anything, but there is definitely something chilling about his cadence, his toying with demagoguery and longing for the days when we could sic the dogs on protestors and be done with these unseemly interruptions. This used to be funny but is now getting a little too close for comfort. (Although tactically, this may be the best thing for a more reasonable alternative because people in the United States would never vote for this guy for real, right? Right?) After watching this cartoon, one can t help but be puzzled at how this individual, who does not seem bright by any stretch of the imagination, and is clearly dangerous, has a shot at the most powerful position on earth. It s a frightening prospect. That s why it s so important to vote in November.Here s the video: [vimeo 159170550 w=500 h=281] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7418, Here’s Why Bill Maher Believes Trump Wants To Be President (VIDEO),"Although I disagree with Bill Maher that Donald Trump is not a clown, a conman, or a Klansman, I do think he has a point when he describes Trump as a five-year-old child. Maher said: What Donald Trump really reminds me of is a spoiled five-year-old throwing a tantrum. He is the grown-up version of every pain-in-the-ass kid who ever sat behind you on a plane kicking the back of your seat. While the parents did nothing    Little Logan  is just exploring. No,  Little Logan  is being a d*ck and if you won t shove him in the overhead bin, I will. Here s the video: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSSExfcD2cM] There s no doubt that Trump reminds you of such a d*ick and it seems that his voters are his enablers, tolerating condoning, and even applauding many of his crazy antics. Trump s rise, Maher argued, was not fueled by racism or xenophobia, but by what he called  the self-esteem movement.  As proof, Maher played a montage of clips showing Trump saying how he s the best at many things. He said: Like they say on reality shows, the most important thing is just  You doing you.  But what if you is a big a*shole? Maher said the real reason Trump wants to be president is not to help America but so he can be called president. Whatever the cause may be to his rise, it s important that the American people say no to this clown come November. Featured image via video screenshot. ",0
7419," In His High School Yearbook, Ted Cruz Is A Creepy Biblical Mime","Texas Senator Ted Cruz is a weirdo. Even his Republican colleague, Senator John McCain has called him a  wacko bird. A few weeks ago a disturbing video from when Cruz was 18-years-old.  Aspirations, is that like sweat on my butt?  said Cruz in the beginning of the video. Cruz then goes on to add his life goal is to take over the world and be rich and powerful. The horrifying thing is if he is elected president, he would certainly use it to succeed in the latter, and his foreign policies would probably align with aspirations for world domination.Most recently, a high school yearbook photo of Ted Cruz has surfaced, and there is nothing endearing or nostalgically relatable about the photo. Ted Cruz went transferred to Second Baptist High School in his Junior Year of High School. Not surprisingly, Cruz desperately tried to assimilate with the cool kids, and by all accounts failed miserably. He was very active in drama club though. Cruz loved being on stage, even if it meant being the villain,  reported NPR in July 2015. In junior high school, he had played Rolfe, the young Nazi in The Sound of Music. He landed the role of the murderer Bill Sikes in Oliver during high school. The yearbook photo taken depicts another one of Cruz s creepy roles in high school, as a biblical mime, supposedly depicting the first man, Adam. In an interview with the Daily Dot, the photographer of the yearbook photo, Mark Neath, could not recall taking the photo, but did remember Cruz s strange life aspirations. I do distinctly remember him boasting that he would become president one day,  Neath wrote to the Daily Dot.  That s my greatest memory of him, in fact, since that was a pretty unusual life ambition for a high school student. Featured image courtesy of Second Baptist High School",0
7420," GOP Lawmaker Resigns After Arrest For Drugs, Solicitation Of A Minor (VIDEO)","New Hampshire republican Kyle Tasker resigned from the state House of Representatives after he was arrested on three felony drug charges, along with charges of soliciting a minor for sex.According to NECN, Tasker sent pornographic videos and messages to an undercover officer, who was posing as a 14-year-old girl online.Over the course of a six-week long investigation, police say the New Hampshire lawmaker offered the undercover cop drugs and asked for sexual favors.Some of Tasker s texts were written during committee meetings and sent from the state house.During an interview with NECN, Nottingham Police Chief Gunnar Foss said the investigation began after police became aware that Tasker had attempted to contact a minor online. We had information that he was attempting to contact a 14-year-old girl online, and that kicked in the Internet Crimes Against Children team. They were monitoring a lot of his stuff, and found out through his communications that there was a significant amount of drugs at his home. Tasker was arrested on March 1, and faces felony charges for the attempted solicitation of a minor.He is also facing three felony-level drug charges, after a search of his home turned up marijuana, hallucinogenic mushrooms and the prescription drug Suboxone. Police say the drugs were packaged for sale.Before his arrest, Tasker was a member of the state legislature s Committee on Children and Family Law, described as a body of lawmakers  which deals with all matters relating to children and youth, their rights, obligations, and protection and the application of criminal laws and sentencing for children. Tasker is the same New Hampshire lawmaker who got national attention in 2012, after he dropped a loaded gun during a meeting of the House Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee.In 2014, he made a series of offensive Facebook posts, which also drew national criticism.In one post Tasker suggested that he should be allowed to join the Black Caucus because he likes rap music.He also said he wished he could join a  white caucus of state legislators. In another post he made light of domestic violence, by joking about eating  battered women. When asked about Tasker s arrest, some New Hampshire lawmakers said they were not at all surprised by the drug charges, claiming that he often came to meetings smelling of pot and alcohol.When asked if Tasker s behavior was a poor reflection on state lawmakers, however, representatives placed the burden on the voters who elected him three times. We don t elect them, we try to do the best we can when they get here,  said republican House Speaker Shawn Jasper.He added Know who you are voting for, know their history, what they ve been doing and saying. Here s more on this story from NECN. Featured image via video screen capture from NECN ",0
7421, Right-Wing Terrorist Planned To Overthrow West Virginia Government With Violent Coup,"This is what Republicans have created by embracing right-wing extremism. They own this.In a plot that would have made the Bundy standoff in Oregon look like a schoolyard brawl in comparison, right-wing extremist Thomas David Deegan called for seizing the West Virginia state government by force and then executing several state leaders after a kangaroo court hearing presided over by so-called sovereign citizens.Deegan was busted after the conference call he made calling for right-wing extremists to launch a violent armed attack on the state capitol building was acquired by law enforcement. After listening to the recordings, it only took the jury an hour to come back with a guilty verdict. We are at war,  Deegan said during one call.  The more that come to Charleston, the less [likelihood] for bloodshed. If you see the police coming and pulling up in a vehicle, I suggest you shoot them. Again, this is the extremism that the Republican Party has built. They have literally been validating, excusing, and glorifying conservative extremism for decades. And now they have even invited extremists to become part of the mainstream which is why Donald Trump is about to win the GOP presidential nomination and why we see violence at his rallies on a consistent basis.Rather than condemn right-wing extremists, Republicans welcomed them and now they feel more emboldened then ever before, which is why the Bundy family was able to engage in two standoffs with the federal government in three years and why the number of right-wing terrorist groups has risen in recent years.Make no mistake, this could have ended up as a full blown domestic terrorist attack by right-wing extremists against a state government, and while Deegan s plot failed, you can bet that there are other right-wing extremists and right-wing groups that are quietly cooking up some future takeover effort with all the new shiny guns Republicans are letting them have by the weakening of gun laws. And next time Republicans could really have blood on their hands.Featured image: Wikimedia",0
7422, Fox News Declares All-Out War On The ‘Sick’ Monster They Made (VIDEO),"Fox News Channel has issued a blistering press release attacking Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump. The release comes in response to yet another Twitter tirade from Trump in which he described Fox News primetime host Megyn Kelly as  crazy,   sick,  and called for a boycott of her show The Kelly File because  Always a hit on Trump! Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, & the most overrated person on tv.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2016In response, Fox blasted Trump for his childish tirade, noting his  his extreme, sick obsession with her  and that he had issued an  endless barrage of crude and sexist verbal assaults  that is  beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate who wants to occupy the highest office in the land.  The full statement:Donald Trump s vitriolic attacks against Megyn Kelly and his extreme, sick obsession with her is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate who wants to occupy the highest office in the land. Megyn is an exemplary journalist and one of the leading anchors in America   we re extremely proud of her phenomenal work and continue to fully support her throughout every day of Trump s endless barrage of crude and sexist verbal assaults. As the mother of three young children, with a successful law career and the second highest rated show in cable news, it s especially deplorable for her to be repeatedly abused just for doing her job.Trump has been whining and complaining about Kelly ever since she confronted him in the first Republican debate with his history of sexist and misogynist comments about women. Here s video of that moment:Trump then accused her of bleeding out of her  whatever  and later boycotted a debate on Fox because Kelly was on the panel of moderators.The friction between Fox and Trump is strange, because the right-wing network has set the antagonistic and nasty tone towards American life that Trump has capitalized on. Studies have shown that Fox has featured Trump far more than any other Republican presidential candidate, contributing to his rise to the top of the field.Fox News built this monster just like Dr. Frankenstein did, and now their village is under attack.Featured image via Flickr",0
7423, This Republican Just Gave The Most Honest Response EVER To A Letter From One Of His Constituents,"Mississippi Republican Karl Oliver just gave the most honest, and most  accurately Republican  response that may have ever been given in the history of the modern Republican party, to a resident of his state.Becky Guidry sent Rep. Oliver an email over her concerns about Mississippi s planned tax breaks that their Republican-controlled legislature is considering. The legislature plans to underfund the state s revenue to catastrophic levels by removing income and corporate franchise taxes. It s not a silly concern since Kansas Republicans have had what can only be considered a post-apocalyptic budget and economy ever since they pulled these same shenanigans there.Guidry s letter is as follows: It is irresponsible of our leadership to suggest eliminating income and corporate franchise taxeswhen: revenue projections are already down, budgets for various services are being cut across the board, funding for public education and other critical services such as child care, foster care and roads/bridges are underfunded. If and when this bill reaches the full House for a vote, again, I urge you to vote No. Source: Clarion LedgerGuidry has a well thought out and practical opinion. Republicans, however, do not care.Rep. Oliver s spiteful and ignorant response is below:Mrs. Guidry,I normally don t return emails that do not request a response, but I found yours so intriguing I simply felt led to respond.I see you are not a native to the Great State of Mississippi nor do you and I have similar political views. The people of our Great State overwhelmingly share my same or similar views on Government responsibility. I appreciate you going to the trouble to share yours with me, but quite frankly, and with all due respect, I could care less. I would, however, recommend that there are a rather large number of like minded citizens in Illinois that would love to see you return.With warmest personal regards,Karl OliverSource: Clarion Ledger I could care less.  He probably meant he could not care less, but as the colloquial expression is often said this way, his intent was obvious. As sickening as a response like this is, it is really the most correct one that could possibly be given by a Republican. He s right. They really could care less what s good for the people in a town, state, or the entire nation. Taking all the poor people s money and giving it to the rich is exactly what Jesus would do, right?Guidry was absolutely shocked and appalled by the response: My interpretation was since I was not born here that my opinion just doesn t count. My husband s family is here   I work and pay taxes, my son goes to public schools in the Gulfport School District. We re involved in our community. Source: Clarion LedgerThis is the new level of contempt that Republicans have for America. A Trump trickle-down seems to be beginning, where authoritarianism and unaccountability are the new  freedom. Featured image via WJTV",0
7424, This Is The First Sign Republicans Are Already Crumbling On The Supreme Court,"Senate Republicans have publicly said they are refusing to give Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland a fair hearing and an up or down vote that has been afforded to others in a similar position for decades. But on Friday came the first sign that political pressure over the court is getting to some in the party.Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois is up for re-election in a state that voted overwhelmingly for President Obama in 2012, and he has now become the first to give in.Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk took shot at his Republican colleagues on Friday for refusing to hold a Senate hearing and vote on President Barack Obama s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland. Just man up and cast a vote. The tough thing about these senatorial jobs is you get yes or no votes,  Kirk told  The Big John Howell Show  on Chicago s WLS-AM.  Your whole job is to either say yes or no and explain why. Kirk realizes that he needs some Democrats to back him in his race against Rep. Tammy Duckworth, and that his own party s petulant insistence to not even give Judge Garland a hearing is hurting them.Garland was nominated in part due to past statements from Republicans like Senator Orrin Hatch, who said his strong record and credentials would make him worthy of a nomination and consideration by Republicans, even if nominated by a Democrat.In other ways Republicans have begun to crumble on Garland. They originally said they wouldn t even meet with him, as is customary for nominees. But now some Senate Republicans have decided that the optics of refusing to answer the door when Garland comes calling would make for bad television and fodder for Democrats in the fall election.Republicans are being squeezed even further with the news that front-running presidential candidate Donald Trump also believes that Garland s nomination should be rejected out of hand without hearings. As polls show Trump could be a drag on the party in the fall, they are being forced to demonstrate ways that they aren t marching in lockstep with him, and in fact working towards a situation where Trump is the one picking the next Supreme Court justice.Their kneejerk opposition to the nomination offered by Obama is going to have to last for about nine months, and as Kirk has shown, that may be impossible in the long run.Featured image via Flickr",0
7425," This 19-Year-Old From Flint DESTROYS Trump, Calls For Him To End Campaign","Everyone has had it with the Donald Trump campaign. One person, in particular, has decided that enough is enough   a 19-year-old named Cameron Edwards from Flint, Michigan. Edwards wrote a letter to Trump calling for him to end his campaign.In the letter, Edward writes that he did not view Trump s campaign as a joke like most people did. Edwards writes in the letter: Mr. Trump, when you first announced your bid to be Commander and Chief of this nation, the american people immediately dismissed your campaign as a complete joke, but not me. I genuinely believed that the people should take the time to listen to your campaign, I told others that it s possible that you may have something to offer, but in reality, I was very wrong. At that point, Edwards goes on to list some of the things that Trump has become known for over the past few months in the election. This includes the endorsement that Trump received from former KKK leader, David Duke. Trump s non-stop scapegoating of Muslims, immigrants, and people of color.Those, however, are criticisms anyone can make. Edwards, on the other hand, has a very good question that Trump would hate to answer. What exactly is so great that Trump is offering? Which is exactly what every Trump supporter should be asked. Why would Trump s America be great for a young black man living in Flint? Do you not see the message that you are sending to us? Why would someone like me even be interested in your America? Can you even give me ONE real reason why I should believe that I have an actual shot as a black teenager in your America? As far as I know, you haven t done anything to reach out to OBVIOUSLY concerned communities like mine. Please remember, I am a Flint resident, and like other members of this community, we are wondering why you and other republicans alike haven t reached out to us. The U.S. is a mosaic of people. Trump s America might be great for you if you are well of financially and are white (it still probably won t be, though). For everyone else, it would be a disaster. Every WASP supporter that Trump has to have at least one person in their life that would fall into the everyone else category.Edwards ends his blistering letter to Trump calling for him to end his campaign. Edwards writes: Mr. Trump, it is obvious that you are not interested in uniting this nation, and with the growing threat of violence within your campaign, I believe as a moral adult, that you MUST end your campaign to prevent people from getting hurt any further. It is simply the right thing to do. Outside of a few grammatical errors, there is only one major problem with Edwards letter. A reader pointed out the mistake immediately:The full letter is embedded below.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Dear Donald J. Trump My name is Cameron, I am a 19 year old, Flint, Michigan resident, and today, I would like to Posted by Cameron Edwards on Monday, March 14, 2016Featured image from Gage Skidmore via Flickr with screenshot added",0
7426," Conservatives LOSE IT, Call For Obama’s Death After ‘Northern Scum’ Pulled From State Song (SCREENSHOTS)","The Stupid Part of America is riled up again after Maryland made a small change to its state song. To make it a bit more modern, the state Senate voted 37-8 to both officially reaffirm Maryland, Oh Maryland  as the official state song, and to remove the words  Northern scum so that citizens of the state can finally sing it without feeling a stinging sense of shame. Maryland, Oh Maryland  was penned in 1861 and adopted as the state song in 1939. Talking Points Memo notes that it is unclear why the song was adopted at that particular historical moment but notes there had been two recent lynchings in the state and the NAACP was then advocating for equal pay for black teachers.  In other words, it probably was not selected because people enjoy singing to the tune of   O Tannenbaum. By enshrining a Confederate war anthem, the General Assembly may have been seeking symbolically to challenge such efforts,  the AP notes.The song is pretty inflammatory. Currently, it ends with a rousing call to fight against those dirty northerners who wanted to end slavery: She is not dead, nor deaf, nor dumb   Huzza! She spurns the Northern scum! She breathes! She burns! She ll come! She ll come! Maryland! My Maryland! The song refers to President Abraham Lincoln as a  despot  and urges Marylanders to  burst the tyrant s chains.  The changes keep one verse from the old lyrics and add one from an 1894 poem describing the natural beauty of the state of Maryland   something more appropriate in modern times than complaints about Lincoln and calls for an armed uprising. They keep the historic song. It s still there, but this bill is an excellent compromise to move forward, so that our children and our children s children and so that all Maryland can be proud of our state song,  said Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller (D).  At the present time, all of Maryland cannot be proud of our state song, and so that s the reason I m voting green. Changing the song is a completely reasonable action, given its inflammatory speech   so naturally, Fox News fans became rather incensed when they learned about what they view on an assault on their heritage (whether they are from Maryland or not). Some complained about rap music for some reason, while others threatened to take up arms against the government. Others whined about black people, some said that this is a form of white genocide (the systemic elimination of the white race that Donald Trump s supporters in the KKK believe is happening), and others still hold out hope that the South will rise again. And, of course, there were the customary calls for President Obama s death that accompany literally everything that happens in the world:                     Unfortunately, this is where we re at as a nation   and Donald Trump s rhetoric has given these people, who would normally keep their shameful and idiotic opinions to themselves and their local Klavern, the courage to speak out. Whenever someone tells you that Republicans aren t racist, we d tell you to show them this, but we all know they will simply claim that the hundreds of similar comments are left by  liberal plants  who want to destroy America   no matter how much evidence exists that this attitude is no longer the minority in the Rapublican Party.The bill is set to go to the House, where it is expected to pass   a good thing for the state of Maryland, but something that will likely cause at least a few acts of violence against African-Americans. It s just what conservatives do these days.Maybe next, legislators can hop on board the effort to change the name of Negro Mountain   or at least take down the numerous highways signs and remove the picnic area.Featured image via screengrab",0
7427, ‘Newtown’ Documentary Sheds New Light On Gun Violence In America (VIDEO),"Newtown, Connecticut was the site of one of the most horrific mass shootings in United States history at Sandy Hook Elementary School. On December 14, 2012, 20-year-old Adam Lanza brutally murdered 20 children in first grade, in addition to six school staff members, before he committed suicide.A new documentary, Newtown, discusses in depth the aftermath and wake the mass shooting left. The film s World Premiere was featured at the Sundance Film Festival this past January, and is continuing along the film festival circuit, with the next screenings scheduled for the Cleveland International Film Festival later this month. Filmed over the course of three years, the documentary features interviews with family members of those who were lost, first responders, and school staff members, as the event changed the course of all their lives forever.Despite the incitement caused by the tragedy in Newtown for government legislators to make policy changes which would help prevent future Adam Lanzas from committing similar horrible crimes, those calls fell on deaf ears in Congress. Instead, mass shootings continue to occur across the United States, while no action is taken to decrease their frequencies. Instead, states like Texas, West Virginia, Florida, and most other states in the country allow open carry guns without any sort of special permit. As calls for gun control increased from the public, the NRA and their lobbyists have reacted by pushing for gun ownership to become the norm.In a July 2015 interview, President Barack Obama told the BBC,  The one area that I feel I ve been most frustrated and most stymied is the fact that the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient, common sense gun safety laws, even in the sense of repeated mass killings. Featured image via Flickr",0
7428, Bernie Sanders Has a Message For Native Americans And All Of America Needs To Hear It (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders has a knack for being able to look at issues facing our society and to point them out bluntly. Unlike most politicians who dance around issues, Sanders is a straight talker and he doesn t shy away from telling it how it is. Whether his style emanates from decades of activism and politics, or whether it s just as a result of experiencing life, his style is refreshing, especially for a politician.His approach was on display on Thursday when he spoke at a rally attended by thousands of Native Americans at Twin Arrows Navajo Casino east of Flagstaff, Arizona.  The culture of Native Americans is so rich, so important, that all of us will gain by preserving it,  he said.Sanders conceded that the US government has not treated Native Americans well and that he would work to better the relationship once he becomes president. He said: Native American people have been lied to, cheated, and negotiated treaties have been broken. Often, Native American people have not been heard on issues that affect their communities. They have been told what to do, they have not been involved in the process. Sanders also touched on issues directly affecting the Native American community, promising to work to raise the minimum wage once he becomes president. Directly addressing  Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, who has threatened to take away state support from cities that set their own minimum wage higher than the state s, Sanders said:I say to this, governor, I ve got some bad news for you, we re going to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. I will fight for a $15 minimum wage, there s nothing the governor can do about it. It is stunning to me that a governor would want to prevent the minimum wage from going up. Sanders also discussed his idea of tuition free public education, an idea that can empower a generation of Americans and prevent them from sinking into college debt as previous generations have. He said: The world has changed, the economy has changed. People today need more education. When you talk about public education today, you need to talk about making public colleges tuition-free. I believe we need to have the best-educated workforce in the global economy. It makes no sense to me that we have hundreds of thousands of people who are not getting an education because they can t afford it. All people would be eligible. Sanders, whose rallies have drawn thousands, drew cheers from the crowd. His ideas are attractive to millions of Americans and if last night s rally is any indication, the 2016 Democratic nomination for the presidency isn t over by a long shot.Watch Video Here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmIYRl9Ofns]Featured image via Wikimedia Commons ",0
7429, Watch Desperate Americans Literally BEG Justin Trudeau To Run For POTUS (VIDEO),"As Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continues to prove that he s an all-around amazing person, he s become admired far beyond Canada s borders.Earlier this week, Trudeau was confronted by some very passionate Americans while stopping at a deli in New York City, which Trudeau was visiting to announce that Canada would seek a UN Security Council seat in 2021. Having spotted the Prime Minister and desperate to escape the horrifying U.S. presidential election, these Americans spoke for many of us when they approached Trudeau and asked,  Could you run for president here? And why wouldn t they want him to help rescue us from the possibility of Republican front runner Donald Trump?! He s the exact opposite: he s already increased taxes on the wealthy, welcomed Syrian refugees into his country, become an outspoken feminist and is just as interested in climate change as President Barack Obama. The prospect of President Trump is such a threat, that another candidate in addition Democrat candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders would be a tremendous relief.Trudeau gently explained to those two Americans why a presidential run wasn t a possibility for him: It s very simple, I m not American-born. But these Americans weren t ready to take no for an answer. One of them quickly countered, Ted Cruz can do it. Trudeau reminded them that Cruz was  born as an American  because although Cruz was born in Canada, his mother was an American citizen.Then Trudeau s admirers began to get desperate. One of the men said, All our guys are so bad, you ve gotta believe us. We ve met  em all   they re so terrible. Please. His companion added, They re boring, weird. We have to settle for them. Please. Trudeau stood firm and said, You know what, I have tremendous confidence in the American people. Then, both men literally dropped down to their knees and pleaded with Trudeau: We ll do anything. We re begging you. We re literally begging you. Trudeau simply responded, I don t know if you noticed, but I actually have a job, and it s a pretty good one.  He then patted one of the kneeling men on the back and continued on his way.This just happened to @JustinTrudeau in a NYC cafe: @cnn @ABC @HuffingtonPost @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/BuceWMnGge  Stephen Ward (@_stephenward) March 17, 2016Here s another view:Justin Trudeau dans un resto de Manhattan. Ces 2 Am ricains le supplient de se lancer dans la course pr sidentielle! pic.twitter.com/QgrrEdVaIj   Marie-Jo lle Parent (@mariejoelle) March 17, 2016CBC News believe it s possible that the two men in the clips are actually pranksters that have shown up at other U.S. presidential campaign events (putting the statement  We ve met  em all  into context). The duo resembles the two men who wore Nazi-like armbands to a Trump event (with a pro-Trump logo instead), a man who interrupted a Marco Rubio rally to accuse the Florida senator of stealing his girlfriend, and a man who sat behind Hillary Clinton with a  Settle for Hillary. Whether or not this was a stunt, it very much reflects where America is at right now. Most of us are looking to anyone who could save this country from Donald Trump   and judging from the amount of supporters Trump has gathered, we wish we had as much faith in our fellow Americans as Trudeau does. Featured image via video screen capture",0
7430," Republican Lawmakers Helped Orchestrate The Bundy Standoff, Wanted War With Feds (AUDIO)","These Republican politicians should be in jail right next to the Bundys.As it turns out, there is more to the armed standoff that took place at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon. And Americans should be outraged.According to Oregon Public Radio (OPB) several Republican lawmakers, including Nevada state Rep. Michele Fiore, Oregon state Rep. Dallas Heard, Idaho state Rep. Judy Boyle, Washington state Rep. Matt Shea and others, knew Ammon and Ryan Bundy were planning to illegally lead an armed takeover of federal property in Oregon before it happened, and they chose not to warn law enforcement.Fiore, Shea, and other GOP lawmakers are part of a group known as the Coalition of Western States which seeks to force the federal government to surrender federally protected lands to the states.Greenlee County, Arizona, Commissioner Robert Corbell, who went to Nevada to support Cliven Bundy s standoff with the Bureau of Land Management in 2014, admitted to OPB that after being a largely ignored group after that confrontation ended, the Coalition of Western States caught wind of another standoff that would be going down in Oregon and kept quite about it so that their group could get more attention for their illegal cause.Corbell told OPB that coalition leadership knew Ammon Bundy planned to take over U.S. government property in Harney County before it happened, but were unsure which federal outpost it would be.We knew he was going to do something,  Corbell said.COWS believes it is unconstitutional for the federal government to own land even though the Constitution specifically gives the federal government the power to own and regulate lands through what is known as the Property Clause.Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 states:The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.Yet, Fiore and her fellow GOP lawmakers actively conspired to spark a land war with federal authorities in an effort to force the government to comply with their demands and give up their constitutional powers.OPB reports that despite being warned by Judge Steve Grasty during a meeting to stay away from the militants so as not to  embolden  them and cause the occupation to last weeks or months, Fiore and her little band did so anyway.The lawmakers acknowledge they fed the militants information gathered from that meeting, and militant leaders talked openly about what they learned from those disclosures.These Republicans literally presented themselves as negotiators with the intention to end the standoff so that they could enter the seized compound and help the armed militants extend the hostilities.The lawmakers wanted information from law enforcement, including what tactics the FBI anticipated taking against the militants. They wondered aloud, for example, whether refuge power would be cut. Law enforcement personnel repeatedly declined answering. The lawmakers continued to ask.They also wanted to know what criminal charges the occupiers might face. After getting nowhere with that line of inquiry, coalition members asked with whom they could negotiate on behalf of the Ammon Bundy-led militants.Former Washington GOP state Rep. Graham Hunt also participated in the meeting and actually attempted to persuade the FBI into agreeing with militant s demand for a transfer of federal lands. Would it be possible for somebody, whether it s the U.S. Attorney s Office, to say that  We agree that there needs to be a conversation at another level,  Hunt asked.But wait, there s more.Fiore and the coalition aided and abetted the militants in more ways than just feeding them information and trying to coerce the FBI from doing their job. They also helped organize press events and enlisted Anthony Bosworth, a failed candidate for Sheriff, to act as a  security specialist  at the compound. Bosworth even helped militants flee the occupation when it became clear that the FBI wasn t messing around.In the end, Fiore and her group decided that since the jig was up, they might as well look like the heroes, so they reluctantly convinced the last of the militants to surrender.And now they have another goal. They want to keep the Bundys and their fellow terrorists from facing significant criminal punishment for their crimes. They re even going so far as to tell the arrested militants to learn the names of the judges and prosecutors, perhaps as some sort of way to intimidate them into dropping the charges or going easy on them.Here s the report via OPB.The fact is that Republican lawmakers knew this standoff was going to happen and did nothing to prevent it. One person was actually killed and many more could have died on both sides because these sorry excuses for politicians chose to pursue their agenda rather than keep the public safe.Add in the fact that these lawmakers basically acted as spies against the United States by gathering and passing information to the militants as well as egging them on to keep the standoff going longer than it would have and it s clear the FBI needs to arrest and jail a few more people.These Republicans conspired against the United States by aiding the militants and warning them about what law enforcement was doing to end the standoff. They don t belong in places of political power. They belong in prison awaiting sentencing for treason. Featured image via Twitter ",0
7431, KKK Just Threatened An 84-Year-Old Woman Who Fled Hitler After She Criticized Trump,"An elderly Massachussetts woman who wrote a letter to the Boston Globe denouncing Donald Trump now fears for her life after the Ku Klux Klan responded to her legitimate criticism of their favored presidential candidate. Louise Mayerson has been through a lot in her 84 years on this planet, coming from a  family who was forced to flee Austria when she was a child to escape Adolf Hitler s regime   but now she is forced to relive the terror her family felt as they fled the Nazis.Mayerson  s letter, published March 2, criticizes Trump s initial reticence in denouncing the numerous, numerous white supremacists who have publicly endorsed him:I AM an Austrian refugee from the time of Hitler who has been a US citizen for more than 70 years. I have found some alarming rhetoric coming from Donald Trump that is apparently finding approval from large numbers of my fellow Americans. With Trump s rather ambiguous response concerning his disavowal of the support of former Klansman David Duke, I have reached my breaking point ( Trump wavers on disavowing ex-KKK member,  Page A2, Feb. 29).We all know the opinions and actions the Ku Klux Klan stands for. Among the fellow Americans the KKK has sought out for its venom are American Jews. Trump s failure to immediately repudiate Duke chilled my blood.I can see myself needing to flee once more and perhaps return to my native country in Europe, where hateful rhetoric is now strictly forbidden and punishable by law. My outrage grows and grows and grows,  Mayerson said in an interview following the publication of her letter.  And it s flamed by the irresponsible actions, frankly, of Donald Trump. Unfortunately, the 84-year-old s expression of her completely legitimate misgivings about Trump s association with white supremacists was enough to throw them into a fit of rage. Days later, she received an envelop postmarked in Boston, There was no return address   after all, the Klan isn t exactly known for being forthcoming with their identities. There wasn t even a letter. Enclosed was a single Klan symbol: I believe somebody just read that letter, it touched a nerve, and that s the way they reacted,  Mayerson said. She contacted Arlington police, who are currently investigating the matter. They also contacted the Human Rights Commission, which assists hate crime victims. Mayerson says she is pleased with law enforcement s response, and that she is distressed by the   poisonous atmosphere that has been created  by Trump s rhetoric that can   lead to some pretty unpleasant things for all of us. Robert O. Trestan, regional director of the Anti-Defamation League, says that Trump s rhetoric will help this sort of thing to become commonplace: The more that hateful and denigrating speech becomes commonplace in the public realm from leaders, the greater the likelihood that people will start acting up, whether it s harassment via the mail or violence. A Trump spokeswoman refused to comment on the incident, though she did point out that the candidate did finally denounce his David Duke endorsement after he was unable to handle the media scrutiny: Mr. Trump has disavowed David Duke, the KKK and all other groups that espouse similar views. He will continue to do so. Trump may say he disavows the KKK and other white supremacists, but in the past he has tweeted some of their propaganda. In fact, based on a week of data collection, 62 percent of the people Trump retweets are white supremacists. Unfortunately, The Donald is exactly the sort of person who is popular with the White Power Rangers in the United States   and as long as we tolerate his hate speech, we can expect that this sort of thing will become the new normal.Featured image via YouTube",0
7432, Colbert Says Goodbye To Rubio In Epic Sendoff (VIDEO),"Marco Rubio, the latest victim of the Trump train that has wreacked havoc on the Republican Party, has bowed out of the race for the nomination after getting destroyed in Florida, becoming the latest victim in a long line of Republican candidates that has now trickled down to just three.  Stephen Colbert bid farewell to Rubio with an epic sendoff, putting together a compilation of absurdities committed by Rubio throughout his campaign for the presidency. Yes, Florida senator and boy whose birthday party your parents made you attend, Marco Rubio, has joined the ranks of the fallen,  Colbert said. When Rubio told his supporters there is  nothing more  they could have done for him, the host replied,  Well, you could have voted for him, but besides that, no.  Colbert added: Rubio was the last tribute fighting on behalf of the establishment of Capital City. He was supposed to become the Jeb Bush people liked. Instead he became Jeb Bush. [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AWywH4OxcE]Colbert touched on some of the most important moments in the Rubio campaign, including his big mistake in stooping to Trump s level by making fun of his hands.  You know what they say about men with small hands,  Colbert asked.  They win Florida. Rubio, the darling of the Republican establishment was expected to perform much better but continuously finished in third place behind Trump and the other creepy guy Ted Cruz. He has stated that he would not run on anyone s ticket as vice-president if he s asked. No loss for America there folks. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
7433, WATCH: Adorable Baby Bald Eagle Hatches From Its Egg,"At about 8:20 Friday morning, the first of hopefully two baby Bald Eagles poked its way out of its egg on a live cam feed in the Washington D.C. National Arboretum. The proud momma and poppa, which have been nicknamed  Mr. President  and  The First Lady  are the first Bald Eagles to nest there since 1947, according to the American Eagle Foundation.Here are some amazing pictures courtesy of AEF and NPR: An amazing shot of the eaglet s beak poking out of the shell! Tune into dceaglecam.eagles.org!  via AEF The first D.C. eaglet seems to  halfway  out of its shell! A lot of grey downy feathers are now visible, so it must be making a lot of progress!  via AEFFREEDOM!!!! via AEFBald Eagles were first heavily hunted because they supposedly fed on salmon to such a degree that it interfered with human dependence on that particular resource. After that myth was disproved, the Bald Eagle Protection Act outlawed the hunting of the iconic bird, but then a widely used pesticide callede DDT almost wiped the species out.DDT would concentrate in the food chain, eventually becoming toxic in the larger predators. It was originally thought that DDT caused eggshells to become thinner and that was what decimated raptor populations across the country. However, it turns out that DDT simply interfered with their ability to reproduce. Kind of like birth control for birds. As a result, by 1963 there were only 417 mating pairs of Bald Eagles left.But since DDT was banned in 1972 for this very reason (thank you, evil gub mint regulation!), the population has exploded to over 100,000 of the majestic birds. Plus this little fella from early Friday morning:If you want to watch the live feed, you can go to DCeaglecam to see all the cuteness for yourself!Featured image via NPR by way of American",0
7434, Mentally-Ill Mother Shoots Sleeping Five-Year-Old In The Head (VIDEO),"The warning signs were everywhere.Forty-one-year-old Sara Atkinson had stopped taking her medication. According to family members, she was growing increasingly paranoid. She claimed there were bombs planted in her home and thought there cameras hidden inside her five-year-old son s shoes.At one point Atkinson had threatened to kill herself and take her son with her.Shortly before Kenny Kreuscher s mother put a .22 rifle to his head as he lay sleeping, the little boy told his father that his mommy had punched him.Ken Kreuscher Sr. recorded the conversation with his son, documenting marks left on the child by his mentally ill mother, hoping that someone would intervene.Over the course of the past year, Ken Kreuscher had filed numerous police reports and contacted child protective services multiple times. He d gone to court to try to get an order of protection. I ve been telling everyone in court this was a possibility that this would happen,  Kreuscher said during an interview with Denver s KDVR, on March 11.But while Kreuscher raised the alarm over and over, no-one intervened on his son s behalf.At the beginning of March, the Colorado mother left the state with Kenny, traveling to Roundup, Montana.On March 5, while still in Montana, she shot the little boy in his sleep. She then turned the gun on herself.The five-year-old died 12 hours later.Here s more on the story from KUSA.There s a fine line between violating the rights of person who has been diagnosed with mental illness and protecting the lives of innocent people.Under federal law, a person who has been deemed to be a threat to themselves or others is not supposed to be able to possess a gun. The problem with the law, however, is that there are very strict rules about when and how a person with serious mental illness is determined to be a  threat to themselves or others. In the case of Sara Atkinson, although the people closest to her, including her own son, were sounding the alarm about her mental health, the law offers little help.While it s unknown where Sara Atkinson got the gun that she used to kill herself and her child, there was likely no law preventing her from purchasing or owning a gun, in spite of the warning signs in her behavior.Restrictions on gun ownership are limited to people who have been involuntarily committed to a mental institution, people who have been found not guilty by reason of insanity in a court of law and people who have been found incompetent to stand trial.At one time, local law enforcement officials were far more likely to err on the side of caution, requesting gun permits and licenses be revoked in cases where a person s behavior suggested a potential threat.For example, until 2010, local law enforcement officials in Tennessee could ask the state to revoke a gun permit in cases where a person  poses a material likelihood of risk to the public. But second amendment nuts challenged the state s law, calling it a violation of gun owner s rights.Thanks to the NRA, all across the country, it has become increasingly difficult to limit anyone s access to a gun.Today, even when all of the warning signs are there, it s nearly impossible to revoke a person s  right  to own a gun.Image credit: video screen capture via KUSA",0
7435, Alabama GOP Bill Would Ban Poor People From Having Food Stamps If They Own A Car,"Once again, Republicans have found another cruel way to punish poor people who need government assistance to prevent themselves and their children from starving to death.Alabama Republicans passed a bill in committee last week that would significantly hammer families who rely on food stamps to get by. Yet Republicans still expect those people to have jobs, which is kinda hard if they have no mode of transportation to get to work every day.According to the Montgomery Advertiser,The legislation would cut eligibility for Temporary Aid for Needy Families (TANF) from five years to three. It would also require TANF recipients to sign a paper acknowledging they would stick to the requirements of the program, including those related to work. The bill would also prevent the Alabama Department of Human Resources (DHR) from seeking work waivers for those receiving SNAP, and would also require EBT cards for recipients of public benefits to have photos on them The bill would also change asset calculations, which currently allow those receiving benefits to own items like cars. The legislation would end that.In short, if you re poor and you own a car, you have to choose between feeding your family or having transportation. And if you re forced to choose, more than likely you would choose feeding your family and ditch the car. However, Republicans also want food stamp recipients to sign a promise that they ll get a job, and that s the catch. If the only job a poor person can find is miles away, how the hell are they supposed to get to work on time every day to fulfill the requirements Alabama Republicans are forcing upon them, especially if they live in a rural area where there is no public transportation? And what if you re family is so poor that your car IS your home? Then Republicans would be forcing families to choose between food and shelter.That s the precise reason why Democratic state Senator Rodger Smitherman blasted the bill and sponsor GOP state Senator Arthur Orr during the committee vote last Wednesday. I m going to do whatever I can to stop this,  Smitherman angrily declared.  I am not going to let you do this to these people. I am not going to let people starve. There s no provisions in there that guarantee employment if you go through those steps. The committee passed the bill by a 10-3 vote and it will now go to a full vote in the Senate where it is likely to pass the GOP-dominated body and could very well become law if the Republican-controlled House passes it as well and the Republican governor signs it.And once it becomes law, children are going to be the ones who feel the hunger pangs the most since 77 percent of TANF recipients in the state are kids, giving further credence to the charge that Republicans only care about children until after they are born.The Republican war against the poor continues on.Featured image: Children s Defense Fund",0
7436, Oregon Takes In Jaw-Dropping Amount Of Tax Revenue From Legal Marijuana Sales,"One of the many benefits of legalizing the sale of marijuana for recreational use is all the new tax revenue that states are taking in. Oregon is now reaping the financial benefits of legalizing the sale of the marijuana. Reports show that just after one month, Oregon has taken in $3.48 million dollars in new tax revenue.This is incredible news for the state of Oregon. The state initially expected to bring in a total of $2 million dollars of new tax revenue from marijuana sales   for the entire year. Not every county and city in Oregon has chosen to allow the sale of marijuana. That means 19 counties in Oregon will receive a share of the tax revenue.Oregon Live reports on some of the details of the state s marijuana tax policy: Oregon s medical marijuana stores have been allowed to sell a limited amount of cannabis flowers, as well as starter marijuana plants and seeds, to anyone 21 and older since last October. The state s temporary 25 percent tax didn t kick in until Jan. 1.That tax will eventually be replaced with one ranging from 17 percent to 20 percent once the Oregon Liquor Control Commission assumes control over recreational marijuana sales later this year. The Legislature set the base tax rate at 17 percent, but cities and counties may adopt ordinances that add up to 3 percent more.Next year, the first full year of sales under the liquor commission, state economists expect recreational cannabis sales to generate $10.75 million in tax revenue after the state covers startup costs. That number is expected to climb to $62.42 million for the 2017-2019 biennium. Other states that have legalized recreational marijuana have received similar tax windfalls. Colorado, the first state in the U.S. to legalize marijuana, took in $135 million dollars in taxes and fees in 2015. Colorado is pumping most of their new tax dollars into schools and other education initiatives.The state of Washington raised $67.5 million dollars in tax revenue from recreational marijuana in 2015. They are expected to raise more than $1 billion dollars over four years. This money goes into Washington s general fund and to help fund health services.Of course, marijuana is still illegal on the federal level. So far, the federal government has decided to respect state s marijuana laws. The federal government s attitude towards recreational marijuana can change, for better or worse, depending on the whim of the administration in charge.Featured image from Katheirne Hitt via Flickr",0
7437, Former KKK Leader Very Excited For Trump To Bring Back Days Of Hitler (AUDIO),"While on his radio show the other day, former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke doubled down on his support of Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, even appearing excited at the comparisons being made to Adolf Hitler.While he tried to preface his diatribe against the media by stating that everyone is just trying to demonize Trump by associating him with Hitler, he then goes on to say: The truth is, by the way, they might be rehabilitating that fellow with the mustache back there in Germany, because I saw a commercial against Donald Trump, a really vicious commercial, comparing what Donald Trump said about preserving America and making America great again to Hitler in Germany preserving Germany and making Germany great again and free again and not beholden to these Communists on one side, politically who were trying to destroy their land and their freedom, and the Jewish capitalists on the other, who were ripping off the nation through the banking system. We have the same thing going on here with Goldman Sachs. It was a commercial, I saw that this morning and I was amazed by that commercial. It was a commercial against Trump but I don t think it s having the effect that they want it to have.This war that s going on against Donald Trump is really a war going on against America, it s a war going on against the European-American majority. The media has incited hatred and violence and repression of Donald Trump and the hundreds of thousands, the millions of people who support him, and that s what happened in Chicago. And if that wasn t horrifying enough to listen to, he follows it up with this: If you re a European person, the government is purposefully wiping you out and your families and your children and your future. They are purposefully transforming this country into a Third World nation. Okay, first of all, if  you re a European person,  that means you live in Europe. However, clearly this is code for white people who think being white is something to be proud of. If you re an American, you embrace the beautiful melting pot that we are and have always been.Recent Trump rallies mirror the sentiments said by Duke, and that is outright horrifying. It s one thing to have an extremist support you, it s another to embrace that support of those just like him on a daily basis making the bold claim that some how you re going to  make America great again  by utilizing their adoration and votes.America is great. Love it or leave it.Listen to the audio via Right Wing Watch:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/252174232  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]Featured image via flickr/photoshop",0
7438, Sheriff Joe Arpaio Gets A Brutal Lesson In Why You Don’t Ambush Bernie Sanders’ Wife,"When Jane Sanders visited one of known bigot and champion of racial profiling Sheriff Joe Arpaio s unconstitutional tent prisons, she was appalled. Arpaio doesn t understand the meaning of  cruel and unusual punishment.  He forces prisoners to live in smoldering heat and eat expired foods. Since the majority of his inmates are Hispanic people, Arpaio and his racist freak constituents couldn t care less. They follow a doctrine that embraces prosecuting and jailing people simply for the color of their skin to begin with.Mrs. Sanders ended up in a heated argument with Arpaio, one her senator and presidential candidate husband simply couldn t ignore. According to The New York Times, Sanders railed against Arpaio at a campaign event, laying waste to the man he says ambushed his wife: She asked him about racial profiling, and he didn t have an answer,  Sanders said,  She asked him about conditions in Tent City and other abuses that he has perpetuated, and he didn t have an answer. You know what, he cannot have an answer, because what he is doing is un-American and uncivilized. If elected president, we are going to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship, whether Mr. Arpaio likes it or not. Sheriff Arpaio has been widely criticized, and rightfully so, for his tactics for keeping his jail stocked with minority inmates. He was even sued by the Justice Department for the illegal racial profiling of Hispanics that leads to traffic stops and arrests, often for misdemeanor offenses white people get tickets for. His intolerance and racism has made him a national spectacle on many occasions. Conservatives love him because he embodies all they aspire to be in life: openly hateful racists who are allowed to look down on people for no reason other than their accent.Senator Sanders had a stern warning for Sheriff Arpaio: It s easy for bullies like Sheriff Arpaio to pick on people who have no power. If I am elected president   the President of the United States does have power. So watch out, Joe. Aside from everything we already know about Bernie Sanders we can add this very useful piece of information: Don t mess with his wife.Featured image from Gage Skidmore ",0
7439, Elizabeth Warren Brilliantly Responds To A**hole Congressman Who Wants To ‘Neuter’ Her (VIDEO),"Clearly forgetting that we re in the year 2016 and women are allowed to be strong, Republican Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer of Missouri decided to recommend Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren be  neutered. Luetkemeyer was speaking at the American Bankers Association conference and said that he considers Warren to be the  the Darth Vader of the financial services world  and the bankers need to  find a way to neuter  her.At ABA, Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer calls LIz Warren the ""Darth Vader of the financial services world,"" says need to find way to ""neuter"" her  Joseph Lawler (@josephlawler) March 16, 2016God forbid she want to make sure greed, corruption and fraud are kept out of the banking industry. Resorting to name-calling isn t only unprofessional, it s inappropriate and juvenile. So, who better to call this Congressman out than Warren herself.In a fundraising email, she wrote: I won t be neutered Why would he go out of his way to say something so sexist and offensive? Is he hostile to all women? Clueless? Afraid? And using this opportunity to remind people who they should be fighting with, she said: Let s send the big banks and their buddies in Congress a message: They can try to roll back financial reform and they can have a few laughs about the woman they want to neuter, but we re ready to fight back anytime anywhere. Warren even threw in a funny jab at the  Darth Vader  comment, saying: My first thought was: Really? I ve always seen myself more as a Princess Leia-type. Warren is strong and not about to quit her fight against corruption where it stands on Wall Street any time soon. This Congressman is clearly terrified of her, because he knows that with her as a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, he and his cronies are going to be held accountable for the shady business that transpires.Please never stop being you, Senator Warren, and thank you for fighting for Main Street as this Congressman clearly is fighting for Wall Street.Watch Warren discuss the comments while appearing on All In with Chris Hayes on MSNBC.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7440, Cliven Bundy Denied Bail Because He’s A Violent Lunatic,"Cliven Bundy, the leader of the Moron Militia Movement that has been threatening to kill government officials since 2014 is going to rot in a jail cell until he s convicted and sent to federal prison for the rest of his miserable life:A federal judge in Nevada refused rancher Cliven Bundy s latest request on Thursday to be freed from jail ahead of his trial on conspiracy and other felony charges for his role in a 2014 armed standoff with federal agents, a spokeswoman for prosecutors said.U.S. Magistrate Judge Carl Hoffman Jr. ruled at a hearing in Las Vegas that Bundy, 69, posed a danger to the public if released, U.S. Attorney spokeswoman Natalie Collins said in an email statement.Damn right he poses a danger! This is a man that fancies himself a  Sovereign Citizen  which means he literally does not recognize the legitimacy of the federal government. He knows, KNOWS, that he s going to be convicted for his numerous crimes which includes the aforementioned threatening to kill government officials, extortion, trying to join a group of domestic terrorists at the laughably doomed Oregon  uprising,  and a host of other serious charges.After the feds walked away from the Nevada standoff that started all of this in 2014, Bundy obviously assumed that his right wing privilege would continue to protect him.  Right Wing Privilege,  if you don t already know, is the ability to break the law in ways that would normally provoke an immediate and extremely violent reaction from the authorities if anyone BUT a right winger were to do it. For instance, if Occupy Wall Street had said they would shoot any cops that tried to arrest them, the police would have rolled a tank through Zucotti Park, guns ablazin . If a black person had been photographed training a sniper rifle on a federal agent, his life would be measured in minutes. But as long as it s an angry right winger nut job, it ll take a few years, if ever (that sniper guy is still on the loose) to arrest them.Cliven Bundy is quite aware that he will spend the rest of his until-now privileged life in jail. There is little to no chance that he won t decide to follow LaVoy Finicum s path to suicide by cop and martyr himself for  Freedumb  if released on bail. Judge Hoffman is absolutely right to keep Bundy off the streets and the same should go for his two idiot sons, Ammon and Ryan.It wouldn t be a question of IF he would get himself killed, it would be a question of WHEN and how many more morons he would get to follow him to their  glorious  deaths against the  tyrannical  government.Featured image via KTNV.com screen capture",0
7441, Atheists Found A Truly Genius Way To Troll The Creationists Building A $101m Noah’s Ark In Kentucky (IMAGE/VIDEO),"An atheist group has found a truly genius way to troll christian conservatives over their $101m Noah s Ark being built in Kentucky   by crowdfunding mock billboards for the christian  theme park. Author and columnist Dan Arel writes in Pathos that a group called the Tri-State Freethinkers are raising $2,000 to place billboards which name the Ark Adventure Genocide and Incest Park. Image via IndiegogoThe Indiegogo page for the project states:The billboards are likely to serious annoy the Ark Adventure team, who have lurched from one crisis to another in their attempts to set up the site.Australian-born Creationist Ken Ham and his fundamentalist Christian organization Answers in Genesis (AiG) are looking to build a $101m Ark Adventure in Kentucky, with the centerpiece of a reconstructed Ark. The problem is, they want you the taxpayer to pay for it.According to Newsweek, AiG purchased a 99-acre plot of land just outside Williamstown, Kentucky got the city for just a dollar five years ago. But since then, the project has hit one hurdle after another. Many, of Ham s own making.The principal issue at stake now, is that Ham and AiG want the taxpayer to pick up the bill for around a quarter of the construction costs of the project in the form of tax rebates. The group sought to exploit subsidies provided by the state to boost tourism through the Tourism Development Incentive program. Projects of $1 million and upwards can recover 25% of project development costs by recouping their sales taxes.After much debate on their initial application, Kentucky approved the site for the scheme so long as AiG agreed to non-discriminatory hiring practices. This means, they could only recover the cash if they recruited people of all faiths and none. They could not specifically hire Creationists.A few bumps down the road later, and Ham and AiG had to significantly strip back their pans for the park. They were unable to gather together the funds and investment to create the full theme park. Due to the substantial changes to the plans, they had to resubmit their application to Kentucky for the tax rebate. This time is was denied. Why? Because apparently, honesty and integrity mean nothing to this group of creationists.Despite their reluctant agreements to get their hands on state cash, AiG had released a decidedly discriminatory recruitment policy for the Ark Adventure. The website demanded a salvation testimony  and a creationist statement of faith from all prospective job applicants   clearly ruling out non-believers.So now, Ken Ham and AiG are suing Kentucky for the money   claiming religious discrimination. Greg Lipper, senior litigation counsel for Americans United for Separation of Church and State points out the muddled-thinking that AiG is applying in this case. AiG is confusing what they have the right to do as a private organization with what taxpayers are required to fund, They re saying Kentucky taxpayers should pay for them to expand a religious ministry. That kind of argument would make Thomas Jefferson turn in his grave. No one is telling Ham as a private citizen, who or how he can hire. It is only as a recipient of state funds, an agreement which he is free to enter or not, that he is required to follow the stipulations that would be applied to any organization or individual doing the same. Just like chances of his theory of genesis being true, Ham s chances of getting his lawsuit through are slim to none.And his Ark hasn t escaped the attention of social media users either I just realised that America's immigration policy doesn't weed out Australian Ark Building Lunatics. #kenham  Michael (@gotapulse) January 3, 2016If #KenHam could get a 500 yr old dude & his kids to build the Ark themselves w/o modern technology I would give the park more credit.  Uncle John (@azmoderate) January 18, 2016If the universe was capable of giving Ken Ham and his cohorts a sign that their project was doomed to failure, this comedy of errors and public embarrassments would be it. Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7442," Canadian PM Justin Trudeau Explains Why He Keeps Saying, “I’m A Feminist”","During a United Nations Summit in New York City today focusing on women, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau explained why he is going to keep saying he is a feminist. I m going to keep saying loudly and clearly that I am a feminist, until it is met with a shrug,  said Trudeau.  Why does every time I say I m a feminist, the twitterverse explodes and news medias pick it up. It shouldn t be something that creates a reaction. It simply is saying, I believe in the equality of men and women and I believe that we still have an awful lot of work to do to get there.  Trudeau added,  It s just really, really obvious that we should be standing up for women s rights and trying to create more equal societies. Like, duh. Trudeau won election in October 2015 after a stunning comeback from third in the polls. He famously appointed an equal number of men and women in his cabinet, and cited his reasoning for doing so,  because it s 2015.  During the summit, he called on World leaders to follow Canada s lead when appointing their own cabinets. Any world leaders who tell me  I d love to, I just can t do that with the current configuration of our parliament or of my party , I say:  Well, what are you doing to change that configuration and draw out those extraordinary women who can be leaders that we need? ,  he told the crowd.His party, the Liberal Party, also recouped a majority in the Canadian Parliament. His election also inspired an increase of voter turnout by 7.4 percent to 68.5 percent. Trudeau won election on a campaign platform of progressive reforms, such as increasing taxes on the wealthy and dramatically improving infrastructure. Trudeau has also given warm welcomes to Syrian refugees arriving in Canada to seek asylum.Just last week, Trudeau met with President Barack Obama to promote ties between Canada and the United States, and to announce joint efforts to combat climate change. Trudeau s predecessor, Stephen Harper, as an aggressive proponent for the oil industry and did not share the same values in fighting climate change Trudeau and Obama do. Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7443, Trump Forces Volunteers To Take This Creepy Unconstitutional Loyalty Pledge (IMAGES),"At this point in the election, Republican front runner Donald Trump has said enough stupid, offensive, hateful and dishonest things for us to form a highly negative opinion of not only the candidate, but his loyal supporters, staff and voters.Anyone who could wholeheartedly stand behind Trump   and there are unfortunately a lot of conservatives who can   is a threat to the future of the country. While that s pretty scary, there s something that might be even creepier: if one of Trump s minions wants to volunteer for Trump s campaign phone bank, they re required to sign a six-page binding contract that says they will never insult Trump (or his family members, businesses or campaign) for the rest of their lives! Should they use their constitutional rights to speak poorly against him, Trump will sue.Given how sensitive Trump is to insults nowadays (remember the fuss he made when former rival Marco Rubio insulted his hands?), it s not really shocking that Trump would make volunteers sign a loyalty oath. That, and the fact that Trump is absolutely egotistical and power-hungry.Last week, NBC reported that Trump was actually forcing campaign volunteers to sign contracts before they could begin helping him get elected after a strange email came to light. NBC said: In a Thursday email inviting supporters for phone-banking at Trump Tower, the campaign tells supporters to attend a briefing and then sign your NDA before volunteering begins. Here s a screenshot of that email:Via NBCA few days ago, The Daily Dot was able to obtain one of these free speech violating contracts. And yes, the contents are just as ludicrous as they sound: Promise and agree not to demean or disparage publicly the Company, Mr. Trump, any Trump Company, any Family Member, or any Family Member Company or any asset any of the foregoing own, or product or service any of the foregoing offer, in each case by or in any of the Restricted Means and Contexts and to prevent your employees from doing so. Part of Trump s contract, via Daily DotAlso in the contract are guidelines that volunteers are basically legally bound to Trump   they re prohibited to volunteer for any other presidential candidate, should they suddenly become sane and change their minds. There s no end date to these contracts, so Trump is pretty much making these people sign their lives away to him. Talk about making a deal with the devil The Daily Dot dug deeper and asked Davida Perry, an employment lawyer in New York City, if these contracts would actually be respected in court. Perry said that they wouldn t, and added: I guess [Trump] doesn t know about the First Amendment. This is really shocking. He s apparently so afraid that people would say something bad about him after spending some time on his campaign that they have to sign some sort of agreement. I don t see how this stands up. I don t see how a court enforces this. Well, Trump actually knows tons about free speech, but only acknowledges those rights when it will benefit him. Previously, Trump has threatened to sue the media for using their First Amendment rights to run unfavorable news against him. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7444, Interactive ‘Trump Hate Map’ Proves How Dangerous He Is For America,"There is absolutely no doubt that Republican frontrunner Donald Trump would be an unmitigated disaster if he were elected to serve as president. There is literally nothing good about him, and with each day that passes he only gets worse. Lately, the violence at his rallies have been at the forefront of the conversations about the Republican primaries, especially over the last week or so. But how much brutality has actually been committed in Trump s name? Well, a new interactive map called the  Trump Hate Map  shows A LOT of violence has resulted from his bombastic rhetoric.Since last September, America s Voice has been tracking instances where Trump, his staff and his supporters have assaulted or harassed immigrants and Latinos. As you can imagine, his special brand of xenophobia and racism has caused a lot of white nationalists to feel comfortable with their hate for  others.  All you have to do is turn on a Drumpf rally and you can witness firsthand how insane his fanboys and girls are, but the acts of violence extend farther than his events   his supporters have hurt random people on the streets, as well.America s Voice writes: We ve seen the proof over the past few weeks. Trump s xenophobic rhetoric hasn t just pushed his fellow candidates to the right on immigration (in what has become known as the  Trump Effect ). It s gone beyond the political world and injected itself into everyday life In one incident, a Latino and two Muslim students in Kansas were attacked by a man who yelled racial slurs and warned them that Donald Trump was going to be president before punching one of them.His hate has even extended to elementary schools! A mother in Fairfax County, Virginia posted on Facebook and said that her third-grade son was taunted in school by two of his classmates. Apparently the children were spewing nonsense about immigrants that they d heard Trump say.Those are just two of the many incidents the organization found. The billionaire likens himself to some great  unifier,  but he is clearly nothing but a divisive asshole who will absolutely destroy this country if he were elected. Our country would probably look like it did in the 1960s with race riots all over the place. Thankfully, there is little chance of this man ever sitting in the Oval Office, but this map proves that it is more important than ever that Democrats put their differences aside after the primary and unite behind whoever our candidate is.Check out the Trump Hate Map:Featured image via screenshot",0
7445," NY Sanitation Workers Block Driver, Hurl Racist Deportation Threats While Invoking Trump (VIDEO)","If you don t think that Donald Trump s horrible racist rhetoric is making a difference in the discourse surrounding race in America, think again. Case in point   what happened to one driver at the hands of sanitation workers in Brooklyn, New York. The workers can be seen on tape blocking a driver s passage after he had tried to maneuver around their sanitation vehicle, which was blocking his way. They also threatened him with deportation, all the while invoking Donald Trump s hateful ideas. One worker says to the driver: Behave or you ll be deported. Another said: Where s Trump? Where s Trump when you need him? Luckily, the driver did the smart thing and instead of saying anything to these Trump-loving imbeciles, drove around them another way and left. These are the sorts of every day confrontations and bullying that are becoming all too common as a direct result of the rise of Donald Trump. The fact that these workers felt like it was okay to do this while working for the city of New York is quite ominous indeed. They are the perfect example of what Trump has done to America. Whether he gets the GOP nomination or not, whether he wins the election or not, he has done monumental damage to America s social climate, and here is your proof.Hopefully, these workers are identified and fired.Watch the video below, via NY Daily News:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7446," UPDATE: Anonymous Releases Data On First Attack Doxxing Trump, Promises More To Come (VIDEO)","Hacktivist group Anonymous has now commenced their war on Donald Trump, which has begun with a huge data dump on the most popular fascist in America. The dump includes Trump s social security number, multiple cell phone numbers of him, his bratty kids, and a few of his business associates. Also included are email addresses and website information for his businesses.Reports indicate that the attack is being led by Anonymous Red Cult, who are the ones responsible for #OpISIS and #OpAnonVerdict in the past. They have a long history of fighting back against entities, from individuals to entire governments, which they view as being oppressive against the common people. Red Cult also says that they are narrowing their current focus towards Trump and away from other fronts, promising that this is only the beginning of their attacks on him.The full Trump doxxing release can be viewed HERE. The name of the operation,  white rose,  was inspired by a resistance movement that started against the Nazis during World War 2. Anonymous has confirmed that more chapters are cropping up and forming a collective under the name  White Rose Society,  ensuring what will be an interesting 2016 election cycle.Trump s fascist rhetoric has already been responsible for multiple assaults on peaceful protesters at and around his political rallies, as well inflaming racist and xenophobic sentiment across the nation. We have already seen cases of hate crimes experiencing an upswing since his rise to dominance of the Republican party. Since the Republican party is unwilling and incapable of dealing with Trump, perhaps Anonymous will finally be able to bring an end to the credible threat of terrorism he personifies.Addicting Info is presenting this for informational purposes only and does not endorse in any way the misuse of the information released by Anonymous.Watch the official statement by Anonymous Red Cult at the beginning of #OpWhiteRose below:Featured image via ghostbin",0
7447," Ex-Subway Spokesman And Pedophile Jared Fogle Attacked, Beaten In Prison","Jared Fogle, the man who lost a ton of weight eating sandwiches from  Eat Fresh  chain Subway and was later a celebrated spokesman for them, suffered one of the most spectacular falls from grace in recent history. Fogle went from being Subway s favorite face to being the face of a sordid scandal in 0.2 seconds when he was investigated, and later pled guity to, charges of child pornography and child molestation.Well, Fogle s troubles are far from over. You see, everyone hates people who victimize children  even other criminals. One such criminal let Fogle know this, too, by giving him what some would say he had coming to him in the rec yard of the prison facility in which they are both housed. Fogle was unlucky enough to cross paths at Englewood FCI in Littleton, Colorado, with fellow inmate Steven Nigg, on January 29. Nigg reportedly has big issues with child molesters, and made sure that Fogle got good and roughed up. The former celebrity spokesman suffered a few punches to his nose that left him bloodied, as well as with a scratched up neck. Nigg s family says that Fogle is, quote,  lucky to be alive.  According to nephew Jimmy Nigg, Jr: My uncle was in a position to kill him. No one was there. He got him down, then walked away. (My uncle s) not a violent guy. He doesn t have a violent history. He s sending a message (to pedophiles) is what he s doing. A guy walks in with all this money and celebrity and instead of flying under the radar, he s going into the yard, walking around with big guys, saying no one can mess with me, flashing his money around. It has been reported that Fogle, instead of doing like most imprisoned pedophiles and keeping his head down and his mouth shut, has been paying other inmates off to protect him. Doesn t look like his cash is getting him much leverage, though, if this happened.Now, no one condones violence, but, let s face it, Fogle is scum. Oh   and the icing on the cake here? It seems that without his steady diet of healthy Subway sandwiches, Fogle has gained 30 lbs in the three months he has spent behind bars.Good riddance, Jared. You re well and truly done.Featured image via screen capture from YouTube",0
7448, This Video Just Proved That Ted Cruz Is Even Creepier Than You Thought (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is creepy. Really creepy. So creepy that his own daughter shies away from him when he tries to force a kiss on her. According to Cruz s former college roommate, he would  leave a greasy film on everything  he touched   a substance dubbed  Cruhz  by people who hated him, which is pretty much everyone who has ever met him. Cruz, a man who used to hang out outside women s dorms in a paisley robe, is deeply disturbing in many ways (including his face, the unsettling nature of which has been the subject of study among neurologists). Even his own wife has trouble faking a kiss for the cameras:On thursday, Gawker released a video compilation of the moments following applause breaks during Cruz s Super Tuesday victory speech, though they note that  if you look back at pretty much any speech Ted Cruz has given during his presidential run, every last applause line is punctuated with this bizarre, stifled, lip-biting smirk.  This weird facial tick   almost as though he is attempting to smile  like the humans do  (on Grebulon 5, this would be interpreted as a challenge to a duel, so it does not come naturally to the Texas Senator), or keep something inside him from escaping.Cruz s mouth recently made headlines when something did escape during a recent debate   a throat booger that Cruz eagerly slurped back into his mouth after it landed on his lip.Staring at Ted Cruz s face for more than a few seconds at a time is nearly impossible without sustaining severe damage to the eyes, brain, and liver, under normal circumstances. But after watching this video, even those few seconds can be a nauseating experience.Watch the video below:[WARNING: TED CRUZ S FACE WILL BE VISIBLE FOR MORE THAN THREE SECONDS.]Featured image via screengrab",0
7449, Former George W. Bush Speechwriter Epically Blasts Republicans For Supporting Trump,"This is a HUGE condemnation of the Republican Party.Ever since Donald Trump kicked off his campaign for the presidency, Republicans have cowered before him endorsing him one by one even after saying that they disagree with him and despise the divisive and hateful rhetoric he spews.But former George W. Bush speechwriter Michael Gerson put his writing skills to use on Thursday to pen an epic rebuke of Donald Trump and the Republicans who support him. Trump pretty much represents the negation of everything I ve argued about politics and ideology for the last 30 years,  Gerson wrote on Facebook.What he is attacking is not just  the establishment.  He is attacking a way of doing politics based on persuasion, consensus, compassion and inclusion. Those who argue that conservatism is fundamentally at odds with these values know nothing of conservatism. But Trump represents the confirmation of the worse conservative and Republican caricatures   a belief that cultural and religious minorities are threats, a belief that America should abandon its deepest values in the conduct of global affairs, a belief that the values and institutions of our government have failed, and that the times require a strong hand.Gerson continued ripping Trump for wanting to tear down what makes America great.At its best (and, God knows, it has not always been at its best) America shows a welcoming spirit, an example of how a great nation can be united by ideals instead of bloodlines, a place, as George Washington said, where  there shall be none to make him afraid.  We should love American traditions and institutions enough to repair them, not hand them over to an authoritarian wannabe, who is too ignorant to even understand the inheritance he is casting away.And then he really let Trump have it.Trump s magical policy thinking, setting goals with no serious thought of how they might be achieved; his menacing encouragement of political violence; his disdain for ethnic and religious minorities, which has unleashed and emboldened racists and anti-Semites of every sort; his penchant for conspiracy theories, including a very dangerous vaccine denialism; his promises to conduct the war on terrorism by ordering war crimes, which would set up a constitutional crisis when the US military honorably refuses; his cynical manipulation of gullible religious leaders with tactics that border on blasphemy; his casual use of lies, which he defends even when exposed.Gerson then turned his focus toward the GOP and slammed them for supporting Trump even though he represents the destruction of all the progress America had made since gaining independence from Great Britain and damned them to regret it for all of time.How does any of this return lost greatness to our nation? Sometimes I want to shake people (intellectually,not physically) who favor political  disruption  and ask: Disruption in favor of what? Look at what you are doing! Look at what you have done! The Republican Party is now firmly harnessed to the wild, uncontrollable horses of fear and exclusion. It has already sustained damage with Latino voters that may take a generation to undo. And now many Republicans will find rationalizations to support Trump. That is natural   the reality of politics in every time. Many people simply go with the winner. But this isn t a normal time. I believe that the decision to support Trump, like an embarrassing tattoo, will follow them the rest of their lives. Republicans are not merely making a choice; they are looking into the abyss.Here s the full post via Facebook.// < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;I feel bad, on one hand, to be so focused on (some would say, obsessed by) the Trump phenomenon. And it is my intention Posted by Michael J. Gerson on Thursday, March 17, 2016Gerson ended his post by leaving a link to an op-ed he wrote for the Washington Post in which he says Republicans are staining themselves by supporting Trump and that perhaps one of the only honorable option left to save themselves from being forever remembered as the party that destroyed America is to vote for Hillary Clinton.Seriously, Republicans. Listen to Michael Gerson. His advice may just save your party from killing itself.Featured image: Cagle",0
7450, Lightning Struck Trump Tower As Polls Closed On Super Tuesday (VIDEO),"As the polls closed for the Republican primary on Super Tuesday, Illinois experienced a phenomenon that could only have been captured by being in the right place at the right time: the moment lightning struck the Trump tower in downtown Chicago.Instagram user @mrmikeyv posted a video of this coincidental, once-in-a-lifetime event, captioning the clip perfectly by writing,  Lightning storm ironically hitting the Trump building on #supertuesday.  Polls were closing just as this force of nature occurred, revealing that the business mogul had taken Illinois as a win, as well as Florida and North Carolina. Clearly, mother nature wasn t happy about that.Lightning storm ironically hitting the Trump building on #supertuesday @mb2davis @thepassportreport @insta_chicagoA video posted by @mrmikeyv on Mar 15, 2016 at 9:29pm PDTThis ironically-timed, strange message from mother nature was a result of a major storm in northern Illinois, which resulted in approximately six tornadoes that damaged several houses and a church. The Super Tuesday polls revealed that Trump got 38.8 percent of the vote in Illinois, along with 49 delegates from the state.Despite running a campaign based on bigotry, violence and some of the most extreme rhetoric a presidential campaign has ever seen, Trump has been unstoppable   even though he hasn t proposed one solid solution that will actually  make America great again.  Trump has risen above negative reports about lawsuits from his failed businesses, his awful misogynistic track record with women, support from white supremacists, and constant flip-flopping and lies. Still, he s continued on to defeat every single one of the GOP s incapable-yet-better-than-Trump candidates aside from Ted Cruz and John Kasich, although they probably don t stand a chance against the front runner. America is getting desperate for ways to end this Trump nightmare once and for all.Perhaps it was divine intervention that caused the sky to open up and rain down on Illinois as Trump won yet another state, striking one of the candidate s precious towers in disappointment. Unfortunately, the Trump Tower still stands and was barely phased by it. Trump is also still standing, running for the GOP nomination, and winning. Featured image via Instagram screenshot and Flickr",0
7451," Report: Obama Says It’s Over For Bernie, Time To Unite Behind Hillary","President Obama has reportedly told top Democratic donors that he does not see a winning path forward for Senator Bernie Sanders, and that it is time for the party to close ranks and unify behind Secretary Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.That news comes from a new New York Times report from the campaign trail.In unusually candid remarks, President Obama privately told a group of Democratic donors last Friday that Senator Bernie Sanders is nearing the point where his campaign against Hillary Clinton will come to an end, and that the party must soon come together to back her.[ ]Mr. Obama made the remarks after reporters had left a fund-raising event in Austin, Tex., for the Democratic National Committee. The comments were described by three people in the room for the event, all of whom were granted anonymity to describe a candid moment with the president. The comments were later confirmed by a White House official.Mr. Obama chose his words carefully, and did not explicitly call on Mr. Sanders to depart the race, according to those in the room. Still, those in attendance said in interviews that they took his comments as a signal to Mr. Sanders that perpetuating his campaign, which is now an uphill climb, could only help the Republicans recapture the White House.Interestingly, Obama s comments were made before Clinton swept all five states that held primaries this past Tuesday, which has given her a lead of 323 delegates over Senator Sanders.According to analysis of the remaining delegates left in the race   which are allocated proportionately instead of  winner take all    Sanders would have to win 60% of the remaining delegates in the primaries to come, which is unlikely.Clinton and her team have apparently begun to  pivot  towards the likely general election matchup against Donald Trump. In her speech on Tuesday night, she called out the Republican frontrunner for his bigoted attacks on women, latinos, and Muslims. She also remarked,  Our next president has to bring our country together. We should be breaking down barriers, not building walls. The current RealClearPolitics average of national polls shows Clinton beating Trump by 6.3%, and the most recent national poll   from NBC/Wall Street Journal   shows her beating him by 13%.Featured image via Flickr",0
7452, How The GOP Plans To Steal The Election From The American People — And Hand It To Romney,"Mitt Romney watched his dream of becoming president fly right out the window in 2012 when he made the infamous  47 percent of Americans are looking for a handout  speech at a private fundraiser that was secretly recorded and released to the public. Romney alienated himself from half the American population in one fell swoop, handing an electoral landslide to President Obama. He re-surfaced in 2015 with a quick stint pre-campaign test, only to decide he wouldn t run again.in late January of this year, however, Mittens made sure his FEC paperwork was in order to be listed as a candidate for the election. While most presume he did what he had to to secure a spot on the ballot in case he gets nominated at a brokered GOP convention, there could be far more ominous issues with Mitt Romney and his political future.The Republican party is in a panic. Donald Trump is looking like he will be able to secure the nomination with more than 50 percent of the delegates, making a brokered convention an impossibility. Trump would at that point be the Republican nominee for president this November, which would fracture the GOP into an unrecognizable shadow of its former self. So what would the plan be at that point? To steal the election from under the noses of the American people and hand it to his own running mate, Paul Ryan, to decide with a vote in the House of Representatives.It s not really that complicated, either. According to the 12th Amendment, if no candidate reaches the number of electoral votes necessary to secure the presidency, a ballot will be cast by the House to decide the victor. If the GOP runs Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan against their own candidate as a third party choice, chances are that outcome could come to pass. The morons lining up to vote for Trump aren t the typical party base. While he has the fringe vote locked up, as well as the independent low-information voter, he ll never take the Koch-loving regulars away. Those people would rather vote for Hillary Clinton and take their chances on 2020 than watch Trump destroy their party and our country.So then, in an all-out battle between Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Mitt Romney, all the Republicans have to do is squeeze out enough votes from two candidates to keep Clinton under the 270 electoral votes needed to be elected. While that scenario seems crazy and unlikely, it has happened before. With enough voter obstruction and cleverly played lawsuits, we could witness a travesty that would give the Republicans control of all three branches of government, effectively destroying our country as we know it.Republicans are no good at winning elections fair and square. If they had to rely on the people to elect them, they would have died 20 years ago. People think they are refusing to consider a Supreme Court justice just because Obama is the nominating president. While that may be partially true, it also plays into the strategy of giving the vote to the House. If the Republicans contest enough results in blue states where conservative judges sit on federal benches, appeals to SCOTUS would end in 4-4 ties, leaving the lower court rulings in effect.The whole thing is an archaic constitutional mess that should have been addressed and done away with decades ago, but alas, it s here for this election cycle and it could jump up and bite our country where the sun refuses to shine.Featured image by Gage Skidmore",0
7453," WATCH: Top Senator Proves GOP Built Trump, Makes Them Own It","Republicans now scrambling to contain the political damage being inflicted on their party by presidential candidate Donald Trump were given a strong wakeup call by Senator Harry Reid (D-NV), the top ranking Democratic senator in the country.In a speech delivered at the Center for American Progress, Reid tore into Trump with particular emphasis on how the extremism of the modern Republican Party led to his shocking rise. The Republican establishment acts bewildered. But they shouldn t. As much as they may try to distance themselves from Trump now, Republican leaders are responsible for his rise,  he said.He attacked his Senate colleagues for trying to distance themselves from Trump s rise, saying they bear the responsibility. When Trump calls immigrants rapists and murderers, he s just doing what he s learned from generations of conservatives,  Reid said.  The Republican Party has become the party of Trump. Reid went on to describe the actions of Republican leaders towards Trump as  moral cowardice,  pointing out that they simply dole out a verbal  slap on the wrist  when Trump indulges in hate but are still prepared to back him for the highest office in the land.Republican leaders, looking at Trump s poor performance in head to head polls against Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, particularly among the core voters that have given Democrats victories in the last two presidential elections   black, latino, and female voters   have begun to prepare contingency plans.One group is organizing in order to arrange votes against Trump at the Republican convention this summer in Cleveland, while others are discussing an idea to draft a third party candidate to run in the elections this fall. As a practical matter, both plans would likely lead to the easy election of whoever the Democratic nominee happens to be.Reid also pointed out that he at least respects Ted Cruz, even though he is amazingly unpopular in the Senate  Because he stands for things. Trump stands for nothing. Featured image via Flickr",0
7454," Democratic Congressman Leaves Gov. Snyder Sputtering, Then Finishes Him With This Line (VIDEO)","Michigan s embattled conservative governor, Rick Snyder, came to Washington with his head still on his shoulders, but he might not leave that way. At a congressional hearing meant to explore the failures of Snyder s government leading up to and in response to the Flint water crisis, Democrats did what Synder s Republican colleagues seemed unable or unwilling to: They held him accountable.The Republican governor has become a symbol of how conservative ideals can   quite literally   poison an entire state. His plan to save a few bucks and  reduce big government  by diverting the water  supply from a riskier source blew up in his face and led to the deaths of several Flint, Michigan residents and the lead poisoning of thousands more. Children who grew up under Synder s rule, and were especially susceptible to the effects of lead poisoning, may now face developmental and physical illnesses for decades.At his congressional hearing, Snyder seemed to parrot the things his PR crisis team had prepped him with. He denied any knowledge of problems with Flint s water and blamed everyone else. This was not just a slap in the face of the committee he was testifying in front of, but an insult to the people who had been hurt or killed thanks to his shoddy administration. Democratic Congressman Matt Cartwright of Pennsylvania was having none of it. Gov. Snyder, plausible deniability only works when it s plausible. And I m not buying that you didn t know about any of this until October 2015.You were not in a medically induced coma for a year. And I ve had about enough of your false contrition and your phony apologies. Cartwright pointed out that other people in Snyder s administration had already resigned in disgrace, and yet the  buck stops here  governor was still making excuses for himself. It was simply inconceivable that Snyder could pretend he wasn t at fault. There you are dripping with guilt, but drawing your paycheck, hiring lawyers at the expense of the people, and doing your dead level best to spread accountability to others and not being accountable. It s not appropriate. It led Cartwright to his final punch, a line so good it quite literally left Rick Snyder speechless. Pretty soon, we will have men who strike their wives saying,  I m sorry, dear, but there were failures at all levels,  the Pennsylvania Democrat said. Visitors in the gallery let out various sounds of shock. People who put dollars over the fundamental safety of the people do not belong in government. And you need to resign too, Gov. Snyder. For the rest of the country, Cartwright managed to channel all of the outrage we have felt and put it into just a few lines. Even better, he actually got to say it to Gov. Snyder s face and had the courage to do so. It was a great moment and perhaps the beginning of Snyder s richly deserved downfall..@RepCartwright to Gov. Rick Snyder:  You were not in a medically-induced coma for a year  https://t.co/yDm0E04WXq https://t.co/XGvsVWjGeC  MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 17, 2016Featured image via MSNBC",0
7455, WATCH: Democrat Takes Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder To The Woodshed For Poisoned Flint Water,"In one glorious opening statement, Rep. Elijah Cummings made it clear that Michigan Governor Rick Snyder should face prison time for the tragedy afflicting the city of Flint.As Snyder sat waiting to testify about his and his administration s role in the Flint water crisis that has poisoned residents since 2014, Cummings kicked off the grilling by making it clear to Snyder that if he were a corporate CEO he would be hit with criminal charges already.Cummings began by noting that the special prosecutor in the case has already said that public officials, including Snyder and members of his staff, face prosecution because they knew about the crisis and did nothing. We re here to investigate what possible crimes there are, anything [from] involuntary manslaughter or death that may have happened to some young person or old person because of this poisoning, to misconduct in office,  Special Investigator Todd Flood said last month.  We take this very seriously. Cummings then read emails from top level members of Snyder s staff revealing that the administration knew of the crisis as far back as October 2014   shortly after the emergency manager Snyder appointed to control Flint switched the city s water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which had not been used for decades because it was unsafe for human consumption, all to save a minuscule amount of money in the budget. Now the crisis will cost Michigan billions of dollars to fix.In fact, The October email proved that Snyder had a chance to get ahead of the issue before the crisis became a huge deal because his Chief of Staff was advised to switch back to the Detroit water system as swiftly as possible to avoid the very crisis that has unfolded over the last few months.Cummings then laid into Snyder for allowing an  entire generation of children  to get lead poisoning which will cause serious health problems that will affect them for the rest of their lives. There is no doubt in my mind that if a corporate CEO did what Governor Snyder s administration has done, he would be hauled up on criminal charges. There will now be an entire generation of children who suffer from brain damage, learning disorders, and many other horrible effects of lead poisoning that were afflicted on them by Gov. Snyder s administration.Here s the video via YouTube.While questioning Snyder, Cummings said he found it  hard to believe  that he didn t know about the crisis until it was too late. once again pointing out that members of his senior staff knew in late 2014 that there was a serious problem brewing. After much back and forth about whether or not Snyder actually discussed the Flint crisis with his Chief of Staff, Snyder made a desperate effort to blame the state Department of Environmental Quality and the state Department of Health and Human Services. But Cummings refused to let Snyder off the hook. It seems like there are two basic possibilities. Either your chief of staff told you about these concerns and you did nothing, or he didn t tell you and you are an absentee governor. Here s that video via YouTube.Make no mistake, Rick Snyder is in the hot seat today and he s getting his ass handed to him right now. And he deserves it just as much as he deserves a pair of metal bracelets and an orange jumpsuit.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7456, Jorge Ramos SLAMS Fox Hosts O’Reilly And Hannity For Coddling Trump (VIDEO),"And he did it right to O Reilly s face.During an appearance on the O Reilly Factor on Wednesday night, Univision anchor Jorge Ramos nailed the Fox News host and fellow Fox colleague Sean Hannity for treating Donald Trump with kid gloves rather than grill him and challenge him over his extreme racist rhetoric.After O Reilly suggested that Univision is not treating Donald Trump fairly, Ramos made him admit that the channel has been tough on both Democrats and Republicans, but particularly tough on Republicans because,  We cannot allow racism and discrimination to be normal. But that s a subjective thing,  O Reilly claimed in defense of Trump. When you say that Mexican immigrants are criminals or rapists, that is   for many people   a racist remark,  Ramos shot back. But he didn t say all of them were,  O Reilly said before reading a Donald Trump quote about Mexico sending the worst of their citizens over the border to the United States. O Reilly even insisted to a stunned Ramos that all Mexican immigrants bring drugs with them.Ramos fired back with statistics proving that the vast majority of immigrants are law-abiding. But O Reilly shrugged off the statistics because he doesn t think it s fair to be countered with facts.Not wanting anything to do with facts, O Reilly went back to accusing Ramos and Univision of not being objective toward Trump. O Reilly accused Ramos specifically of  demonizing  Trump as a racist.However, considering what Trump has said about Muslims and Hispanics since his campaign began and the fact that white supremacists, the KKK, and neo-Nazis have flocked to his campaign to support him, it s fair to say that Ramos is absolutely right to label Trump a racist and it is amazing that other media outlets have failed to do the same.And that s why Ramos turned the accusations around on O Reilly himself, accusing him of not being tough on Trump. Of course, O Reilly objected even though he has repeatedly let the Republican front-runner off the hook. And the fact that O Reilly attempted on multiple occasions during this interview with Ramos to defend Trump s racism pretty much proved Ramos correct. You ve talked to him so many times, and you and Sean Hannity let him get away with everything,  Ramos declared.Then Ramos annoyed O Reilly with those pesky facts again as he reported that 81 percent of Latinos have a negative opinion of Trump because of the things he has said throughout his campaign. O Reilly tried to claim that they have a negative opinion because of Univision. You know, because all Latinos get their news from Univision and can t possibly have an independent opinion about Trump based on what he has said. I don t know what s in his heart, but I know what s coming out of his mouth,  Ramos responded about Trump when O Reilly complained that Univision hasn t called Hillary Clinton a racist. And then the interview ended.Here s the video via Media Matters.Donald Trump is a racist and any person looking at Trump objectively knows it. His words on multiple occasions cannot possibly make him look like anything else but a racist, especially when white supremacists endorse him and he fails to denounce them. Univision is actually performing a service for the American people by calling Trump what he is while other media outlets, especially Fox News, coddle him in order to draw ratings. It s a disgrace to journalism and Fox News and Bill O Reilly ought to be ashamed of themselves. Featured image via Dangerous Minds",0
7457, Stephen Colbert Explains The Horrifying Future Of The GOP Primary Race (VIDEO),"With only three clowns left in GOP clown car, Republicans are doing everything they can to prevent Donald Trump from winning the Republican presidential nomination. During a segment on The Late Show, Stephen Colbert hilariously mocks Trump s  victory tantrum  and explains the only two ways to stop Trump from securing the nomination.Since the Republican primary race is being dominated by a has been reality TV star, Colbert appropriately likens the race to The Bachelor. Colbert lampoons Ohio governor John Kasich s claim that he can still win the nomination after his only win in Ohio. Colbert quips that Kasich would have to be made the governor of every remaining state in the U.S. in order for the candidate to have any real chance of winning the nomination.So, even though Kasich has not dropped out of the race, the only possible person left in the race who could defeat Trump is The Zodiac Killer Ted Cruz. That isn t good news for the GOP or the U.S. Cruz, while he has yet to start a race riot at a campaign event, is actually far worse than Trump in terms of policy. Cruz is also incredibly creepy. Colbert jokes at the idea of Cruz winning the Republican nomination, saying: If every single Trump voter unites behind him, he could get enough delegates to be the nominee. Then the GOP establishment can say,  Goodbye, candidate we don t like! Hello, candidate, we can t stand! If Cruz cannot secure enough votes to secure the nomination, Republicans will have one final shot at defeating Trump   a brokered convention. So if Trump doesn t get to 1,237 delegates in the first round of voting, they re all free to vote for whoever. Which is great news. The Republican campaign can start all over again, only this time it s all crammed into one week. You can binge watch the death of the GOP! You can watch the segment, in full, below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
7458, Hateful Pastor: Kill Girl Scout Leaders Because They Are ‘Promoting Homosexuality’,"Gay-hating, Ted Cruz-loving Pastor Kevin Swanson is back, and he is calling for more executions. First, he used the bible as a reason to suggest the execution of LGBT people, and now, he s using that same book and reasoning to say that Girl Scout leaders have to be killed for   you guessed it    promoting homosexuality. Swanson took aim at the popular Harry Potter series of books as well as the Girl Scouts, saying that they should be banned because of Jesus s teachings, that we must be against movies that promote homosexuality or organizations that promote homosexuality. These comments came during Swanson s hateful radio program, and he rounded them out with: You ve got to take what He (Jesus) says and you have to apply it. This isn t the first time Kevin Swanson has suggested that death is the  solution  to homosexuality. During his  National Religious Liberties Conference,  where he shared the stage with none other than GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz, Swanson said: There are instances in which both the Old and New Testament speak to the matter with unbelievable clarity. There s not to be any debate about it. You know what that sin is   it s the sin of homosexuality.In fact in Romans 1 Paul affirms that this particular sin is worthy of death. The Old and New Testament, I believe both speak with authority and we outta receive it. You can watch video of that particular rant, below:This guy is literally calling for genocide of an entire subset of the American population. He is also aligned with a serious contender for the presidency of the United States. That should frighten any sane, reasonable person, regardless of political affiliation.You can listen to the audio of these vile remarks below, via Right Wing Watch:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/251830295  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Featured image via video screen capture",0
7459," Right-Wing Sheriff: We Don’t Need Rape Kits, Most Allegations False (VIDEO)","We definitely live in a rape culture, and one of the most infuriating parts of that is the huge backlog of untested rape kits around the country. For instance, after Detroit finally was taken to task regarding rape kits that sat for years in an old warehouse, more than 100 serial rapists were identified.Now, the state of Idaho is advancing a bill that is designed to force crime labs and law enforcement to clear the backlog and stop shifting rape kits to the back burner. However, there is one sheriff in that state who is not at all happy about that. In fact, Bingham County Sheriff Craig Rowland s comments on the matter are downright infuriating. He said: I really believe the Legislature needs to take a strong look at allowing law enforcement to do their job and not try to dictate what we need to do. I think they re trying to help, I really do. They need to let us decide if we re going to send the kit and when we send the kits in. Because the majority of our rapes, not to say that we don t have rapes, we do, but the majority of our rapes that are called in, are actually consensual sex. This is reminiscent of old Todd Akin s  legitimate rape  comments. What these idiots need to realize is that if ANYTHING sexual transpires that a partner wasn t okay with, and (s)he said to stop, THAT IS THE DEFINITION OF RAPE.Luckily, pressure was put on Rowland for his comments, and he at least attempted to apologize. However, the apology is now deleted from his Facebook page, so he likely didn t mean it anyway. It can be read at Jezebel.Rep. Melissa Wintrow took Rowland to task for his reckless remarks, saying: Many times people are focused on a woman s behavior, and the victim s response. when we should be thinking about what are we teaching men in this society. What are we teaching young boys and men about how we should not initiate or cross any physical boundary without consent. That s right. Stop blaming and not believing the victim. This is why so many victims suffer in silence and don t report.Watch the video news report below, via local station KIDK:video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo playerFeatured image via video screen capture",0
7460, Ben Carson Praises Time Trump Compared Him To Child Molester: ‘You Have To Admit’ It Worked (VIDEO),"The only thing sadder than losing a Republican presidential race to a reality tv show host is then having to grovel at the feet of said reality tv show host and beg for scraps. And in 2016 there is no sadder sad sack than Ben Carson. The one time presidential front runner has spent the past few weeks shamelessly stumping for a guy who once couldn t wait to spread vicious rumors about him. And all for the off-chance that Trump won t forget about him once he becomes emperor president.But wait, what about Chris Christie? Surely, the New Jersey Governor who has had to grin and bear it while Trump mocks him to his face while standing next to him at political rallies has had it worse! Sadly, not. Because as low as Christie s self-esteem gets   and it s gotten very low   there is something singularly depressing about the position Carson is in. After all, when you find yourself defending Donald Trump s comparison of you to a child molester, you ve dug a hole for yourself so deep that you re on your way to China.Alas, here s Carson doing just that.In an interview with Yahoo News, Carson was reminded of the time that Trump, in an egotistical rage, decided to link Carson to that of a child molester. But not before labeling Carson a  pathological liar  first. When he says he s pathological   and he says that in the book, I don t say that   and again, I m not saying anything, I m not saying anything other than pathological is a very serious disease. And he said he s pathological, somebody said he has pathological disease. That s a big problem because you don t cure that  as an example: child molesting. You don t cure these people. You don t cure a child molester. There s no cure for it. Pathological, there s no cure for that. Was Trump calling Carson a child molester? Of course not! He was merely saying Carson s  pathology  was of the same level as that of one. To which Carson responded on Wednesday: You have to admit to a degree [Trump comparing me to a child molester] did work. Adding: A lot of people believed him. Well said, Mr. Carson. Clearly you are a man of such integrity that you won t even defend yourself when a dumpster fire with a hair piece accuses you of being of the same mental health as a child predator. Gifted hands. No spine.Carson s endorsement of Trump has always seemed particularly vile because he had previously spent his entire campaign focused almost entirely on pretending to care about the  angry rhetoric  in the race. Repeatedly, he called for candidates to tone down the mudslinging (to no effect.) His  I quit  speech explicitly lamented the toxic state of the race. Here s how he described his ideal candidate:Carson stated that in choosing the next person to lead America, you d  need someone who has demonstrated significant accomplishment  whose ideas and policies are clear,  and whose character would be revealed by  how they treat others and their family.  We d also  need to see what they have done for America. And then he picked the exact opposite, Donald J. Trump.Featured image via Yahoo News",0
7461, The Pope Has Some Bad News For The Ambassador Who Set Him Up With Kim Davis,"As we all remember last year, Pope Francis made a historic visit and was beloved by pretty much everyone he came in contact with. However, there was a very dark cloud that hovered over his visit once it was discovered that he would be meeting with Kim Davis, the controversial Kentucky County Clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.Well, it looks as though the ambassador who set up the visit, and apparently kept Pope Francis in the dark about the whole thing, is about to be replaced. According The Advocate: Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigan  will leave the position of apostolic nuncio, the equivalent of an ambassador, and will be replaced by Archbishop Christophe Pierre, a French-born clergyman who is currently the nuncio to Mexico, Catholic magazine America reports, citing Sandro Magister, a blogger who covers the Vatican.The Vatican is not expected to confirm the news until the Obama administration has agreed to the new nuncio s appointment, the magazine notes, but it adds that  reliable sources  expect an official announcement before Easter, which falls on March 27 this year. Back in October after the visit with Davis, the Vatican released an official statement declaring that Pope Francis  meeting with the County Clerk  should not be considered a form of support.  Also stating: The brief meeting between Mrs. Kim Davis and Pope Francis at the Apostolic Nunciature in Washington, DC has continued to provoke comments and discussion. In order to contribute to an objective understanding of what transpired I am able to clarify the following points:The Vatican clearly went into crisis mode to very clearly clarify that Pope Francis was not supporting Kim Davis and her bigoted ways, as was originally construed. Now, with the replacement of the man who set the whole meeting up, it has been made extremely clear that this sort of thing isn t about to happen again.Kim Davis is a symbol of hate and bigotry, so to see Pope Francis, who has all too often been a shining symbol of hope and love, meet with Davis, it honestly broke a lot of people s hearts. And while the Pope is still not in favor of same-sex marriage, it s definitely a positive development to see that the responsible ambassador will be replaced. Pope Francis was clearly not pleased.Featured image via Wikipedia/Wikipedia/Wikipedia",0
7462, Leaked Audio: CEO Of CBS Gleefully Celebrates The Rise Of Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Leslie Moonves, the CEO of CBS, one of the three largest media outlets in the United States, was recently caught on tape gleefully celebrating the rise of Donald Trump.During an investor meeting held at the end of February, Moonves laughingly told the audience that the rise of Trump  may not be good for America, but it s damn good for CBS. Moonves says, Man, who would have expected the ride we re all having right now? This is pretty amazing. An ecstatic Moonves then goes on to ask,  Who would have thought that this circus would come to town? As he tells investors that the Trump show has been  damn good,  for company profits, the entire room explodes with laughter.Barely able to contain himself, Moonves tells the crowd that  the money s rolling in. What can I say,  he continues, still laughing,  This is fun. After saying that he s never seen anything like what s going on in American politics today, with presidential candidates  throwing bombs at each other,  and  not even talking about the issues,  Moonves rejoices over the fact that  the marketplace is flooded with money,  and then proclaims that  This is going to be a very good year for us. It s no surprise that America s trust in the mainstream media has fallen to a historic low.What is somewhat surprising is the fact that 40 percent of the Americans still think that the mainstream media is  trustworthy. Journalistic integrity and ethics in reporting went out the window with the end of the Fairness Doctrine in the 1980s. It was further eroded by media consolidation, which began in the 1990s, after the Telecommunications Act was passed.Today, six networks own 90 percent of the U.S. media.If you thought those companies were interested in something other than generating as much money as possible, you won t after you hear Moonves comments and listen to the laughter coming from those who stand to make a lot of money off the evil Donald Trump is spreading across our country.Watch the video below from Thom Hartmann on YouTube. The audio starts at roughly 4:15. The founders of our country understood that a free and independent media is essential to a healthy democracy.In the U.S., the press is no longer the watchdog of government that it once was. Instead, as this leaked audio shows us, it is simply the means through which giant corporations rake in huge profits for their shareholders, unphased by trivial things like what s best for the country or even what s ethical or moral.As the New York Times reported here on March 15, the media s coverage of candidates in the 2016 elections has been anything but equal or fair.The numbers shown on the chart below represent millions of dollars in media coverage, comparing paid advertising to free coverage each candidate has gotten from the media.Image credit: screen capture New York TimesAs you can see from the graph, the mainstream media has spent a huge amount of time on Donald Trump coverage, while also neglecting every other candidate in the race.What this leaked recording should tell us is that we need to stop tuning in to everything Trump. Since there s no doubt that the media is motivated by profit alone, the best way to address the problem (outside of legislation) is to stop tuning in to the media s non-stop coverage of Donald Trump.If we want Trump to go away, and most of us do, the best way we can make that happen is for the public to quit rewarding the media for their excessive coverage of Trump, which is coming at the expense of all the other candidates, and our democracy.Image credit: video screen capture Thom Hartmann on youtube",0
7463, Fox News Forced To Cancel Their Next Debate Because Trump Has Better Things To Do (VIDEO),"Just five days before the next Republican presidential debate, scheduled to be hosted by Fox News, Donald Trump seized control of the GOP political process. In a live phone call to Fox and Friends, Trump informed the network that he wouldn t be participating. On hearing the news, Ohio Governor John Kasich also decided to drop out, leaving Fox with no choice but to cancel.Well   that or let Ted Cruz screech into the camera for two hours while America engaged in uncontrollable vomiting.Trump s reasons were pretty clear. He says that there have been enough debates, and he s right. They could force the voters to watch yet another round of in-party bickering over who hates women, minorities, immigrants, Muslims and Donald Trump more. After the blonde Fox News actress reminded Trump that the voters love the debates, he schooled her on the truth of the matter: It s the networks that love the debates.Republican debates get great ratings, which can be attributed to Donald Trump. If it were just the whining of Ted Cruz and company, nobody would bother. Republicans and Democrats alike tune into the debates this election cycle to see what stupid thing Donald Trump will say next and to watch the candidates go at each others  throats. Trump pointed out that the Democratic debates get terrible ratings, which is only true if you consider they re being pitted against nationally televised, primetime versions of the Jerry Springer show.Trump did give an actual reason he couldn t be talked out of dropping out of the debate, citing a  very important speech to a very important group of people  he couldn t name. The hosts of Fox and Friends begged him to reconsider, which in and of itself is hilarious, but still Trump declined. He declared that the debate was a surprise to begin with; that nobody had bothered to tell him it was even happening. With only three candidates left and one of them being a single-digit non-threat, a debate without Trump would be pointless.It would appear that this isn t just a shot at Fox, either. Trump said he thinks the Republicans have had enough debates. It s a well-played card for the guy the debates are   let s face it   aimed at destroying. The state party leaders have done everything in their power to see to it that the halls are packed with establishment candidate supporters, leaving Trump in a sea of boos when he uses the bully tactics that are necessary for him to keep control of the idiot vote.Watch Fox and Friends get caught off guard when Trump announces he won t be doing any more debates:https://www.facebook.com/foxandfriends/videos/1032229193531343/Featured image from screen capture",0
7464, Donald Trump Just Posted The Weirdest Ad You’ll See This Entire Election (VIDEO),"Everyone knows that Republican front runner Donald Trump s Twitter account is filled with nonsense and an absolute nightmare for any level-headed American. Trump has successfully funneled all of that bigotry and offensive rhetoric to his Instagram account, as the business mogul has just posted a completely baffling ad meant to insult Hillary Clinton while nearly destroying his friendly relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin.Trump has previously spoken positively about Putin and defended the Russian leader several times, which won him Putin s support for presidency. But in the ad, it doesn t seem like Trump likes Putin at all   it even seems like he s trying to destroy their mutually respectful bond. In the video, Putin performs MMA-style combat moves for a few seconds before a clip of an ISIS soldier pointing a gun at the camera is shown. The text reads: When it comes to facing our toughest opponents, the Democrats have the perfect answer And right as the text disappears, Trump goes after Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton by showing a clip where Clinton is  barking    which is ironic since Clinton was actually doing this to mock Republicans for not being able to fight  our toughest opponents.  This footage of Clinton is from a campaign rally in February, and happened after telling a story about an old campaign ad that made a dog bark whenever someone lied. Clinton was implying that the GOP candidates were lying through their teeth about several of their claims. Having this clip in Trump s ad is completely out of context, and makes it even more confusing.After the footage of Clinton barking, the video cuts to some really uncomfortable footage of Putin giggling creepily. The last line in the ad reads, We don t need to be a punch line! The ad is about 15 long seconds that make absolutely no sense   just like Trump himself.Is this what we want for a President?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 9:15am PDTFor someone who doesn t want America to become a punchline, Trump has done an amazing job making our politics look like a joke. Unfortunately, this video is getting tons of positive attention from Trump s 1.2 million Instagram followers. Since being posted this afternoon, it has already received over 22,000 likes and thousands of comments.Trump has previously railed against Clinton for imitating a dog. During a South Carolina rally, Trump criticized the former Secretary of State, stating that the press would bury him if he acted the same way. He said, If I ever did that, I would be ridiculed all over the place. I won t do it. I m not going to imitate her.  However, we all know that Trump has done far worse.Given that Trump has a history of misogyny and attacks on women, this strange anti-Clinton ad is nothing new. And it makes about just as much sense as he does. Featured image via Evan Guest / Flickr",0
7465, How Obama’s SCOTUS Pick Nailed The Worst Domestic Terrorist In U.S. History (VIDEO),"Merrick Garland, President Obama s choice to replace recently deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, has a long record of public service as a judge and a lawyer. But his role in prosecuting the perpetrator of the worst domestic terror attack in American history stands out on his resume.Judge Garland was one of the lead prosecutors in the case of right-wing militia member Timothy McVeigh, who blew up the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995.Friends and former colleagues say that the Oklahoma City case in particular had a lasting emotional impact on Mr. Garland. At the time, he was the second-ranking figure in the office of the deputy attorney general, Jamie S. Gorelick, a job with broad responsibilities over the entire department. But, Ms. Gorelick recalled, he insisted that she send him to Oklahoma City to help begin the investigation in person. He not only volunteered,  Ms. Gorelick recalled,  he basically said,  You need to let me go.   The New York Times reports that once on the ground in Oklahoma, Judge Garland  worked tirelessly to help run the investigation  while  overseeing search warrants, interacting with other law enforcement agencies and meeting with surviving victims. Judge Garland discusses his work on the case and getting justice for the victims in a video released by the White House discussing his background.Garland eventually helped to select the trial team that prosecuted McVeigh in court, and supervised the case.In June of 1997, McVeigh was convicted of the bombing, which killed 168 people (including 19 children at a daycare center). He was sentenced to death and after spending 4 years in federal prison, McVeigh was executed via lethal injection in 2001.Despite his successful record in this prosecution (Garland was also involved in the case against the Unabomber), Republicans have so far vowed not to even give the nominee the courtesy of congressional hearings and an  up or down vote  that was given to the most recent nominees offered from both parties.Democrats have signaled that they plan to use this unprecedented obstruction in the fall campaign against Republicans in the Senate.Featured image via YouTube",0
7466, Sixty-Three Percent Of Americans Are Represented By A Climate Change Denier In Congress (VIDEO),"While the overwhelming majority of Americans accept the scientific consensus on climate change, a new study shows that a similar majority of Americans are represented in Congress by someone who denies the reality of climate change.Congress is supposed to be representative of the American people, yet while less than a quarter of U.S. citizens deny the reality of climate change, 63 percent of voters are now represented in Washington by someone who claims that climate change is not real.Far from being representative of the American people, new research from the Center for American Progress Action Fund suggests that Congress is far more representative of the fossil fuel industry than every day voters.There are 182 representatives in Congress who deny the reality of climate change. These federal lawmakers are supposed to represent the nearly 203 million people in their congressional districts.While 76 percent of voters believe that climate change is very real problem which must be addressed, these representatives spend their time in Washington fighting against any legislation that help tackle the problem.As Think Progress reports here, these legislators have received a total of $73,294,380 from  dirty energy companies in the coal, oil, and gas industries. Even more revealing, Think Progress reports that dirty energy money characterizes climate deniers in Washington: In general, the average career dirty energy contribution per Senate denier was $889,101, compared to $207,272 for those who had not publicly revealed themselves to be deniers. The average House contribution was $274,365 per denier, and $92,000 for non-deniers. In total, House deniers pulled in $39,508,554 in dirty energy money, while deniers in the Senate pulled in $33,785,826. These facts show that GOP climate change deniers, like Texas representative Joe Barton, are getting huge amounts of money to push an agenda laid out by the fossil fuel industry, even though it flies in the face of science.Barton has collected nearly $2,100,000 from dirty energy contributors, according to an interactive map published by Think Progress, here.Heading into the November elections, the map serves as a useful tool for voters who would like to weed out climate deniers in Congress. It allows voters to search for climate change deniers by state, and to view the extent of industry contributions each legislator has received in return.The American people deserve a Congress that reflects their priorities, not the priorities of dirty energy companies.To find out which representatives in your state deny the reality of climate change, check out the map published here.Watch Bill Nye explain the reality of climate change in four minutes. Featured image via video screen capture via National Geographic on YouTube",0
7467, MSNBC Host Can’t Help But Be Perfectly Sexist To Hillary Clinton After Her Big Night (TWEET),"Tuesday night was a very big night for Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton. The former Secretary of State had a clean sweep of wins across all five states that held primaries. These wins will help push her forward towards her path of securing the Democratic nomination for president.However, where there is the glory of being declared the victor, there will always be someone there to tear you down, and not just in a way coming from the opposition, but rather in weird unexpected ways. Such as, being told one is not celebrating properly. Which is exactly what MSNBC Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough did to Hillary Tuesday night.Apparently, according to Scarborough, HillaryClinton wasn t gleeful enough to his liking, and wasn t presenting herself in a way that he thought she should be on her victorious evening. If you watched Hillary s speech, she was, in fact very happy and gleeful, but apparently Scarborough thought differently. So, he told her to  smile. Smile. You just had a big night. #PrimaryDay  Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) March 16, 2016If Hillary never smiled for the rest of her life, guess what, that s perfectly fine. Scarborough has no right to tell a woman she needs to smile just because he thinks she should.Telling a woman to smile is ridiculously sexist. If you can t grasp that it is, that likely says more about you than it does about anyone else. Women shouldn t be required to smile at the drop of a hat just because someone thinks they should. If it s not required of men, why should it be of women? Not to mention the fact that it is SO annoying. Women, and I speak for myself as someone who has been told to smile regularly, are, quite frankly, tired of it.However, leave it to Samantha Bee to let him know that it s perfectly okay for a woman not to smile all the frickin  time..@JoeNBC pic.twitter.com/YZHVIKxE8O  Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) March 16, 2016Which is also how women should look at Joe Scarborough from now on.Featured image via Instagram",0
7468, Bernie Sanders Supporters Need To Support These Progressive Candidates,"When Senator Bernie Sanders speaks about a political revolution, he means grassroots organization propelling not just him to the presidency, but other progressive candidates into elected office as well. While Hillary Clinton has built upon her lead in the Democratic Primary, Bernie Sanders  supporters should still fight to help progressive candidates across the country on local, state, and federal levels. Many of these candidates represent the issues and concerns Bernie Sanders addressed that makes his candidacy so appealing to thousands of Americans.While his opponents court wealthy campaign contributors, the 6 8 tattooed Fetterman hosts meet and greets in Pennsylvania dive bars to raise small individual campaign contributions. The Harvard University graduate came to Braddock, PA in 2001 to help local youth earn their GEDs. In 2005, he won the election for mayor by a single vote and has helped transform a forgotten remnant of the once prosperous American steel industry into a budding new haven for small businesses, artists, and developers. Pennsylvania holds its Democratic Primary on April 26th. Debbie Wasserman Schultz s public image was significantly damaged as her leadership of the DNC as its chair was highly scrutinized by both Clinton and Sanders supporters, in addition to many of her colleagues. The corruption and poor leadership she has exhibited inspired Wall Street activist, Tim Canova, to become her first Democratic Primary challenger since she first was elected to congress in 2004. The primary will be held on August 30th.Congressman Grayson took a career risk, especially since he is running in a Democratic Primary against a fellow Congressman, Patrick Murphy, to formally endorse Senator Bernie Sanders for president. Grayson is known for his productivity in congress getting bills amendments proposed and passed, but he is also well known for irking Republicans and his fellow Democrats as well. The proud progressive offers an alternative to the moderate Patrick Murphy, who switched to the Democratic Party shortly after contributing to Mitt Romney s failed 2012 presidential bid.On June 7th, Tom Fiegen is running for the Democratic nomination to unseat Republican incumbent U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley. Fiegen, a proponent for campaign finance reform, wants to help the working class people who are all too often his clients as a bankruptcy lawyer in Iowa.A former Nevada Assemblywoman, Flores comes from a family of 13 children, born into a poor family in a low income neighborhood in the Las Vegas area, she turned her life around after a brief stint in juvenile detention, returning to school, and going on to college to become a lawyer, and eventually a state legislator by the age of 31. She maintains a strong lead against her opposition in the Democratic Primary on June 14th.Progressive candidate, Jesse Sbaih faces a tougher road in winning the Democratic nomination for Nevada s 3rd congressional district s seat. The immigrant from Jordan came to the U.S. with his family at the age of 11, and worked his way through school as a dishwasher. Now he runs his own law firm and is running for congress to put many progressive reforms proposed by Senator Bernie Sanders into legislation. Like most pro-Sanders candidates, Sbaih is funding his campaign on small, individual contributions rather than Super-Pac or corporate money.Zephyr Teachout, an Associate Law Professor at Fordham University, took the Democratic establishment by surprise after she won 34 won 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic Primary against incumbent Democrat, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. This year, she is running for congress and will most likely take the Democratic nomination in the primary on June 28th.Senator Bernie Sanders  campaign has also highlighted progressive superstars already in office. Aside from Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, who made national headlines after resigning for her position as DNC Vice Chair to endorse Sanders, self-proclaimed socialist, Kshamas Sawant, was elected to Seattle s City Council in 2013, and re-elected in 2015 despite opposition from the Democratic Party establishment. Sawant was a key leader in pushing for the passage of a $15 minimum wage in Seattle and has led efforts to combat increasing city wide rents. When you occupy elected office it is absolutely critical you remain unfailingly loyal to the needs of working people which means you can never be bought and every moment you have to use your position to amplify the voice of working people, the voice of people of color, and the voices of the marginalized,  she told the Huffington Post in a December 2015 interview.Featured image via Marc Nozell on Flickr",0
7469, Republican Response To Obama’s SCOTUS Nominee Is INFURIATING (VIDEO),"On Wednesday morning, President Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. Garland was an excellent pick who is liked by members of both parties, so much, in fact, that it would be extremely difficult for the GOP to oppose his nomination. But if we thought that Republicans would cut the bullsh*t and do their jobs, we were wrong.Shortly after Obama s announcement, Senator Mitch McConnell promised more obstructionism: The next justice could fundamentally alter the direction of the Supreme Court and have a profound impact on our country. Translation: If Obama s nominee gets through, our conservative majority will be destroyed for years and we won t be able to attack women, minorities, immigrants and fight for the one percent. McConnell continued: So, of course, the American people should have a say in the court s direction. It is a president s constitutional right to nominate a Supreme Court justice and it is the Senate s constitutional right to act as a check on a president and withhold its consent the Senate will continue to observe the Biden rule, so that the American people have a voice in this momentous decision. He went on to say  Biden rule  about fifty more times and try to pin Senate Republicans  refusal to do their job on the vice president. Unfortunately, Republicans seem to forget that Biden was speaking hypothetically back then, he did not actually obstruct the Supreme Court. Unlike the GOP right now who seems to have forgotten that Americans had a voice in the direction of the court when they nominated Obama TWICE.But McConnell wasn t the only Republican to respond to Obama s pick like a bunch of toddlers who do not understand the Constitution. Republican Chuck Grassley said: Today the President has exercised his constitutional authority. A majority of the Senate has decided to fulfill its constitutional role of advice and consent by withholding support for the nomination during a presidential election year, with millions of votes having been cast in highly charged contests The American people shouldn t be denied a voice. Again: We had a voice when we chose Obama over McCain AND Romney.Speaker of the House Paul Ryan tweeted:Under the #Constitution, the president has every right to make this nomination, and the Senate has every right not to confirm a nominee.  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) March 16, 2016So far none of the Republican presidential candidates have spoken out, but we are sure it is going to sound exactly like the idiots above. And while they are playing politics with the highest court in the land, Democrats will be sure to remind the American people just how  seriously  Republicans take their jobs.Watch McConnell refuse to serve the people of the U.S.:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7470, Georgia Republican Ruthlessly Blocks Rape Kit Bill That Would Help Victims Get Justice (VIDEO),"Proving once again that Republicans don t care about women, a Georgia Republican has blocked a BIPARTISAN bill that would have required the testing of untested rape kits.A rape kit is performed to gather evidence so that police can find and arrest rapists. But if they are never tested to find DNA matches, victims never get justice for the heinous crime done to them.And that s why Georgia Democratic state Rep. Scott Holcomb sponsored House Bill 827 to finally test the outrageous backlog of rape kits that have remained in storage, some of them for decades, and get justice to the victims.The bill enjoyed bipartisan support across party lines, which is rare these days. But Georgia GOP state Senator Renee Unterman ruthlessly blocked the bill in committee because she claims the bill has been  overly politicized  and demanded to be shown evidence of the backlog because she apparently doesn t believe one exists. If there was a problem, I would be Johnny on the spot and I would have written the legislation. I think he really overly politicized it in an election year and I ve got a problem with that. There s no reason to write a law just because it makes you feel good. I ve been asking that representative to show me where the back log is, show me where this rape kits are? Here s the video via CBS46.WTVM.com-Columbus, GA News Weather & Sports But Unterman is wrong. According to an investigation by CBS46 in 2015, thousands of rape kits have been discovered waiting to be tested.CBS46 found that both Athens-Clarke County and Cobb County police departments recently uncovered hundreds of rape kits that hadn t been sent to a crime lab for processing. ACCPD found 159 untested kits dating back to 1993, while Cobb police identified 365 untested kits dating back to the 1970 s.CBS46 also reports that  Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta reported it has 1490 untested kits in its rape crisis center. And Georgia isn t the only state where such a massive backlog exists. CBS46 also reported that thousands of rape kits have gone untested in Michigan and Texas as well, but it s disturbingly common across the nation.Senator Unterman ought to be ashamed of herself. She had a chance to help rape victims get justice and she refused to take it. And women should be outraged enough to vote her out of office, because as Madeleine Albright once said, there s a special place in hell for women who won t help other women, and it looks like Unterman has already booked a room. Featured image via  EndTheBacklog.org",0
7471, Jimmy Fallon Destroys Trump University In Hilarious ‘Pros And Cons’ Segment (VIDEO),"Trump University went out of business years ago, but because Donald Trump is talking about bringing it back, Jimmy Fallon decided to weigh the pros and cons of attending the failed school.Interspersing his best Trump impressions throughout the bit, Fallon hilariously listed the pros and cons of going to Trump University should it return if Trump becomes president.Pro: The university will offer hundreds of classes.Con: Or as Trump put it,  It s very, very classy. Fallon mentioned another pro being that tuition would be free with the con being that Mexico would be forced to pay for it, which Fallon joked  that s one way to do it. Currently, Trump is claiming that he will force Mexico to pay for his proposed massive wall along the US-Mexico border.Then it was on to the next pro and con.Pro: Trump boasted about the school s large endowment.Con: By saying  I guarantee you there s no problem down there. That con was a reference to Trump talking about the size of his penis during a presidential debate. Seriously.Then Fallon moved on to the next pro, which led to another twist of a con.Pro: Hiding the bong on parents weekend.Con: Because Bong s student visa ran out and now Trump wants to deport him.Trump has based most of his campaign on blaming immigrants for America s problems and has vowed to deport them all if he becomes president, which has resulted in Trump and his supporters hurling racist hate speech against people of color and some incidents of violence against them.And then Fallon hit Trump hard.Pro: Going to graduation and putting on your white cap and gown.Con: Having a hard time seeing through the eye holes.Fallon went on to compare Trump University s logo to Trump s hair on a windy day and said that seeing a Trump University diploma hanging on the wall in a doctor s office should make anyone back out slowly to seek a different doctor.Here s the video via YouTube:Another masterful mocking of Trump by the Tonight Show host.Featured image via screenshot",0
7472, FL Poll Workers Tell Democratic Voters The Primary Is For Republicans Only (VIDEO),"A voting scandal has erupted in Florida again. Democrat vote ballot boxes were allegedly found at the bottom of a closet, after Democrat voters were turned away from the polls.First, it is alleged that Democrat voters in the Polk Country district were being turned away from the polls by and informed them that the vote was for Republican candidates only. Theresa Wibert told local media: The boss came over and said we could vote for Republicans only. I couldn t believe it. I told them I wasn t leaving   It sure wasn t politically correct. There were also confirmed reports from a third voter in Winter Haven precinct also being turned away on the same false pretext. All three voted because they were clear on the schedule, they wondered how many people would have been disenfranchised by the move. We would have been turned away if we weren t forceful about it,  Wibert said.Polk County has since confirmed that the exchanges described by Wibert did indeed take place, stating that it was simply a  mistake  that will not be repeated. According to Polk County, no harm was done as Wibert and her husband got to vote.But although they voted, Wibert spotted something later which makes her doubt that the ballots cast by Democrats in her precinct ever made it to the count. As she told The Ledger: We pushed it a little further and the lady called a few people, Finally, she looked in the bottom of a closet and found a box with the Democratic ballots. Then they fixed it, so we were able to vote for our candidate. This means that we do not know how many Democrat voters cast a vote for the GOP in the absence of other candidates, or how many simply didn t vote at all. As Wibert states: I think it s terrible, and I think people that aren t educated or don t know what s going on, might have just voted for whoever, It s suspect. As the state which made the  hanging chad  infamous after it s last voting scandal which lifted George W Bush to the White House in 2002, Florida will have to work hard to reassure voters that this is not another attack on the Democrats.Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
7473," Obama Tells GOP To F*ck Off, Picks A Supreme Court Nominee Anyway (VIDEO)","President Obama thumbed his nose at Republicans on Wednesday morning and picked a replacement for Justice Scalia anyway. What s even better is that he picked someone who is such a centrist that the GOP is going to look really silly when they oppose him.Obama held a press conference in the Rose Garden on Wednesday and announced his support for the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Merrick Garland, 63, as the next justice of the Supreme Court. President Obama praised the judge in his speech, saying: I have selected a nominee who is widely recognized, not only as one of America s sharpest legal minds, but someone who brings to his work a spirit of decency, modesty, integrity, even-handedness, and excellence. These qualities, and his long commitment to public service, have earned him the respect and admiration of leaders from both sides of the aisle. He will ultimately bring that same character to bear on the Supreme Court, an institution in which he is uniquely prepared to serve immediately. Today I am nominating Chief Judge Merrick Brian Garland to join the Supreme Court. When Justice Scalia passed away in February, the right immediately said that they would oppose anyone who the president chooses to replace him. They have even pledged to not even open their doors for the nominee. This led a lot of pundits to speculate that President Obama would pick a centrist who would make the Republican Party look ridiculous if they opposed his nomination and that is exactly what he did.Garland has spent nineteen years on the federal bench and is not known for deciding things based on his ideological views. Although he is a moderate justice, he has ruled in favor of Republican causes in the past.In 2003, for instance, Garland ruled that Gitmo detainees did not have the right to seek relief in civilian courts. This ruling was so controversial that when his name was floated as a replacement for Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens, in 2010, liberals were quick to speak out against him. Meanwhile, the Republican Party praised him as a brilliant  judge. Doug Kendall, president of the progressive Constitutional Accountability Center, said: He s won the admiration of everyone around him by taking the job of a judge seriously and engaging in conversation with his colleagues, rather than confrontation. Carrie Severino of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network, said at the time: of those the president could nominate, we could do a lot worse than Merrick Garland. He s the best scenario we could hope for to bring the tension and the politics in the city down a notch for the summer. This was an incredibly smart move for President Obama. Although liberals are not going to be entirely thrilled with the moderate justice, he is a fine jurist with a long list of accomplishments. However, Republicans are going to have a really hard time opposing a man whom even conservative Orin Hatch has called  a fine man. Ultimately, they will oppose him because they are obstructionists who care little about the Constitution and everything about blocking Obama.Ultimately, they will oppose him because they are obstructionists who care little about the Constitution and everything about blocking Obama. But this will damage their credibility with the American public, maybe not their base, but definitely Independents. All of the intelligent citizens of this country recognize that there is absolutely no place for politics when it comes to the highest court in the land.Watch Obama s speech: Featured image via video screenshot",0
7474, Trump Threatens America With Riots If He Doesn’t Win The GOP Nomination (VIDEO),"On Wednesday morning, Republican front runner Donald Trump basically said that if another candidate wins the nomination, America could count on riots from his crazed, emotionally unstable supporters.Trump made these comments to Chris Cuomo on CNN s  New Day  after Cuomo asked him if how he would be able to bring the GOP together at the Republican national convention in July, despite the fact that some do not want to see Trump as the nominee at all. The business mogul said: I think there s a natural healing process. Once the battle is over, once the war is over, I think there really is a natural healing process. I ve gotten along with people all my life. This is actually a little bit unusual. I ve gotten along very well with people, and I think it ll happen again. However, because Trump bullies his way into everything, he didn t stop there   he reminded America that his fans have proved that they are absolutely insane with the violence at this rallies, and they won t hesitate take it up a notch if he doesn t win. Tump warned: I think we ll win before getting to the convention. But I can tell you, if we didn t, and if we re 20 votes short or if we re 100 short, and we re at 1100 and somebody else is at 500 or 400   because we re way ahead of everybody   I don t think you can say that we don t get it automatically. I think you d have riots. I think you d have riots. I m representing a tremendous   many, many millions of people. Considering the fact that Trump has encouraged violence several times and even offered to pay any legal fees resulting from his supporters  attacks, there s no reason for us to take this lightly. Trump and his minions have given us more than enough proof that they re dangerous people.Trump then tried to comfort Americans, arguing that everything would go smoothly if we just surrendered all of our dignity and let him win. He said, I wouldn t lead it, but I think bad things would happen. After we win, I think a lot of feelings will be soothed. You can listen to the interview below:.@realDonaldTrump tells @ChrisCuomo,  I think we ll win before getting to the convention.  https://t.co/bD1KmvD0wu  New Day (@NewDay) March 16, 2016Trump is so close to the nomination, it s scary. Marco Rubio has just dropped out of the presidential race, leaving one less candidate to take Trump down. Trump s strongest competition right now is Ted Cruz. Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7475," NBC Gets Brutal With Donald Trump, Releasing The Video He Never Wanted Us To See (VIDEO)","NBC s Today show took the gloves off against Donald Trump on Wednesday morning, rolling a video compilation that will no doubt leave the vainglorious candidate red-faced with rage.Fresh from his victory in Florida, which ended the campaign of home-town candidate Marco Rubio, Trump moves a step closer to becoming the presumptive Republican candidate for President. But NBC rained on his parade by releasing the video he never wanted us to see. The compilation underscores the lack of integrity of the candidate.In the video, Trump is being asked about a powerful new ad against him, funded by the Our Principles PAC, in which women read out the toxic comments Trump has made against other women.Introducing the segment, host Matt Lauer takes a clip of Trump speaking on Good Morning America on Tuesday, and follows up with his statements on Today just a few minutes later, revealing how the candidate gives a totally different story in each interview. This is what happened: He talked to ABC first.   Here s what he said when asked about that ad,  Lauer states, rolling the footage.We see Trump on Good Morning America, stating that: Well, you know, I have seen it. And it was a Romney deal, Lauer then moves to the second clip, saying: Just a couple minutes later, he appeared live on this show. Here s what he had to say, In the next clip, filmed literally minutes after his previous statement, Trump has a completely different story. Honestly, I have not seen the ad. So I would have to see it. I have heard about the ad, but I have not seen the ad. So, just minutes apart, Trump has gone from saying that not only has he seen the video, but claiming to know that Mitt Romney is behind it   to revealing that he hasn t even seen the footage.So far the Trump campaign has made no formal response to the video, but it is highly embarrassing for the candidate who claims to be bringing a fresh, plain-speaking approach to politics. But of course, it s no surprise to anyone actually bothering to fact-check Donald Trump. After all, a recent study by Politico which analyzed more than 40 hours of footage from the Trump campaign found that candidate lies on average every five minutes. That might entertain some who are viewing this election campaign as if it were a reality show, but if Trump makes it to the White House, those voters will be join their fellow Americans in a reality most will find unbearable. Featured image via screengrab",0
7476, Comedian Russell Brand DESTROYS Trump In Hilarious Stand-Up Routine (VIDEO),"Republican front-runner Donald Trump has caused a lot of outrage since stepping into the race for the White House, and with good reason. The billionaire is the worst person to run for the highest office since white supremacist George Wallace in 1968. But for all the anger he has caused, he s also given comedians a whole lot of material. The latest comedian to capitalize on the Trump train wreck is Russell Brand and it is hilarious.Brand has long been a champion of economic and social justice in both the United States and the U.K. The comedian often speaks out about politics and once said: I have never voted. Like most people I am utterly disenchanted by politics. Like most people I regard politicians as frauds and liars and the current political system as nothing more than a bureaucratic means for furthering the augmentation and advantages of economic elites. Although, I don t agree with him not taking advantage of his right to vote in the U.K., I do agree that lots of people have become disenchanted with politics. Actually, part of the reason Donald Trump has risen to the top of the GOP race is because he isn t part of the  establishment  and his imbecilic fan club believes he is honest   but, I digress.Brand has a successful v-blog called The Trew News which has unfortunately been on hiatus for the last six months. However, on Tuesday, the comedian surprised us all by posting a short new video online where he absolutely pummels Trump. In the video titled  Trump   Pixar-Hitler or aged-baby?  Brand says: I like him cause he s like a big rich baby. I just want to breastfeed him. Come here you silly c*nt, have a bit of t*t-milk. He is like a giant, rich baby and he proves it every time he lashes out at people who do not give him what he wants. He d be a disaster for this country and everyone knows it, even comedians from other countries. We are a laughingstock all over the world thanks to him and all the dumbasses who support him.Watch the rest of Brand s remarks in his video: Featured image via Instagram",0
7477, Major GOP Figure Won’t Rule Out Stealing Nomination From Trump,"Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) refused to rule out accepting the Republican presidential nomination at a contested convention. The comments from the man who is second in line to the presidency were published on Tuesday night as Donald Trump swept to major wins in Republican primaries in Florida, Illinois, and other states.The story was broken by John Harwood of CNBC:Ryan, who ran in 2012 as Mitt Romney s vice presidential nominee, has taken no public actions to encourage the idea that he could become a candidate. To the contrary, a political committee set up to draft him into the 2016 race recently shut down at the urging of the speaker s aides. I actually think you should run for president if you re going to be president, if you want to be president,  Ryan said in the interview.  I m not running for president. I made that decision, consciously, not to. The Republican establishment is in a panic, as Trump has continued to march towards the 1,237 delegates he needs to win to earn the nomination. He crushed Senator Marco Rubio in his home state of Florida, winning all 99 of the delegates there up for grabs. Early projections indicated that Trump had about 260 more delegates than his closest competitor, Senator Ted Cruz.Cruz and Governor John Kasich remained in the race as Rubio dropped out, betting they could hold on until the GOP convention in Cleveland this summer and possibly earn the nomination at a contested convention.Those candidates and the establishment are betting on the remote possibility that Trump would fail on the first convention ballot, after which the delegates are no longer bound to the candidate who won primaries and caucuses   currently Trump.Ryan winning the nomination would also anger anti-establishment Republicans and conservatives, who opposed the Speaker in the internal fight over who would succeed then-Speaker John Boehner when he decided to retire.Featured image via Flickr",0
7478, Hillary Wins Big In Tuesday Election Battle (VIDEO),"March 15 saw yet another Super Tuesday battle waged, and Hillary Clinton swept Florida, Ohio, and North Carolina by wide margins. The contests are still undecided in Missouri and Illinois, with an especially tight margin in the latter. Here is a breakdown of those Illinois demographics between the two Democratic candidates, via CBS News:Women are breaking for Clinton (54 percent), while men are going for Sanders (56 percent). Just over a quarter of voters (27 percent) are African American, Clinton is getting about 69 percent of them, while 30 percent are for Sanders   far higher than his margins in most other states that have voted thus far. Sanders currently has the backing of 60 percent of white voters.Clinton has a slight edge as to who would make the best commander-in-chief, with 51 percent of Illinois primary voters naming her. The majority (64 percent) say Clinton would have the better chance in defeating Donald Trump in November. Still, more Illinois primary voters say Sanders (55 percent) inspires them about the future than Clinton (44 percent).Clinton also congratulated Bernie Sanders on the impressive campaign he is running during a victory speech in Florida. The former Secretary of State is likely sweeping the south because of the fact that most Democratic voters in this area of the country are African American, and the Clintons have long had a great relationship with this community. Women are also going for Clinton, while younger voters tend to like Sanders.Either way, both candidates are running classy campaigns, in sharp contrast to the childishness, mud-slinging, and dangerous rhetoric being displayed on the Right.Thank you, Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders for keeping it classy and keeping it real. You keep cementing my devotion to vote Blue in November, no matter who wins the Democratic nomination.Watch Hillary Clinton s impassioned victory speech below:UPDATE: Clinton is also the projected winner of Illinois as of 12:30 AM EST March 16.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7479, Iowa Racist: I Beat That Man Because I’m ‘Allergic To Black People’ (VIDEO),"With the rise of Donald Trump, America s racists are coming out of the woodwork in droves. They are also becoming increasingly violent. Yet another incident of racist violence comes to us from Iowa City, Iowa, where a man wearing a surgical mask attacked a black man. Authorities were called to the scene due to a fight, only to find out it was a racist attack.The attacker, Andy Benavidez, 47, told police that the attack was racially motivated. Benavidez hurled racist epithets at his victim, all the while physically assaulting him. The most bizarre part of all was, of course, the surgical mask, and the suspect informed police that the reason for his wearing it was so that he wouldn t be contaminated by black people germs.Benavidez is facing assault charges for his crime, and thanks to the fact that he has admitted that he did it because he is a flaming racist, a hate crime charge will be attached as well.This sort of thing will only get worse as people are given cause to spew their hatred and lash out in violence. It will only be a matter of time before this is a regular   and even expected   occurrence.Watch a local news report on the attack below:Featured image via video screen capture from CBS 2 Iowa",0
7480, Republicans Stoop To New Low As They Use Fake ‘PAST DUE’ Notice To Con Gullible Voters (IMAGES),"Just when you think the GOP can t sink any lower than supporting a candidate whose primary support comes from white supremacists and other far-Right extremists, they prove that it s possible to tunnel deeper. Sure, this is the party that repeatedly fight against a woman s right to choose what to do with her body, marriage equality, the expression of any religion that doesn t begin with  Christ-  and end in  -ian,  attempts to deregulate all forms of environmental protection, thinks the Voting Rights and Civil Rights Acts were terrible ideas, and thinks the poor are an unnecessary drain on society   but they wouldn t take advantage of their underwhelmingly-intelligent voter base by sending out fake  delinquency notices  in an effort to grift as much cash as possible would they? Grrrr look what these bitch ass motherf*cking Republicans are sending out. Really low tactics here,  Bao Jong Lammikins posted to Facebook Monday.  I bet they fool some people into paying what looks like a past due bill.  The post included photos of an envelope that reads,  NOTICE OF DELINQUENCY.  The return address is the OFFICE OF RECORDS/WISCONSIN AREA ASSESSMENT, and ***IMMEDIATE RESPONSE REQUESTED*** is written twice underneath.This may seem bad, but what is inside is much, much worse.The inside includes a message that reads: Don t sit on the sidelines until the last minute. Please send your contribution of $25 or more in the pre-addressed envelope provided immediately. At the bottom is a tear-off portion declaring the recipient s  membership status  to be  PAST DUE in big, scary bold letters. To the right is a selection of dollar amounts requested. This  NOTICE OF DELINQUENCY  has been sent to you because the Republican Party has contacted you mltiple times to ask for your support for our 2016 campaign,  the letter reads, urging Bao to  come forward today,  going on to explain how important it is to  end Obama s liberal legacy. While probably not technically illegal because the letter explains that the  DELINQUENCY NOTICE  referenced a  membership  with the Republican Party, it s one of the slimiest f*cking things someone can do.Many commenters rightfully connected the letter with mail scams aimed at the elderly.  This has to be illegal. Some elderly people will pay this thinking they owe,  one commenter wrote.  You should alert the news outlets. Many times the elderly scammed with mailings,  another added. What about people who are not educated enough to read through the letter?  Lammikins wrote, referencing the larger part of the GOP base. He urges everyone to share this despicible attempt to squeeze money out of the Stupid Part of America in hopes that the negative publicity will convince Republicans to act ethically   not that there is any hope of that, given the slew of shady things they do in the first place.Recently, Ted Cruz sent out a mailer in Iowa accusing residents of a  voting violation.  Citing fake statistics, the Texas Senator attempted to shame people into voting for him, later remarking that he will  apologize to no one  for the shady tactic.But this letter, which includes the signature of RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, is a blatant attempt to scam money   and that is not OK.Share their shame   warn all of your friends (yes, especially Republicans) that this is happening in hopes that they do not fall victim.Featured image via screen capture",0
7481, Obama Absolutely RIPS The GOP’s ‘Vulgar And Divisive’ Campaign (VIDEO),"President Barack Obama took some time on Tuesday to call for more civility from the Republican candidates while they re on the campaign trail, as the bid for the White House becomes increasingly violent and coarse.Noting the increasing violence and racist language, Obama scolded the candidates for setting a bad example for children and making a mockery of America s reputation to the rest of the world. Speaking to his audience at a St. Patrick s Day luncheon on Capitol Hill, Obama slammed the GOP s  vulgar and divisive  campaign, making a noticeable jab at GOP front runner Donald Trump s routinely violent rallies and hateful rhetoric toward women and minorities. The president said: We have heard vulgar and divisive rhetoric aimed at women and minorities, at Americans who don t look like us or pray like us or vote like we do. We ve seen misguided attempts to shut down that speech. However offensive it may be, we live in a country where free speech is one of the most important rights we hold. In response to those attempts, we ve seen actual violence. And we ve heard silence from too many of our leaders.Too often, we ve accepted this as somehow the new normal. And it s worth asking ourselves what each of us may have done to contribute to this kind of vicious atmosphere in our politics. Obama said the current presidential race wasn t an accurate depiction of America, and it has to stop. You can watch part of Obama s powerful speech below, which earned him a standing ovation from lawmakers in both parties:Obama later urged politicians to think of America s youth and renounce the violence, stating that We should not have to explain to them this darker side  in America s politics: In America, there is no law that says we have to be nice to each other, or courteous, or treat each other with respect. But there are norms. There are customs. There are values that our parents taught us and that we try to teach to our children to try to treat others the way we want to be treated. At one point during the luncheon, Obama faced House Speaker Paul Ryan and said that the two men should be able to treat each other with respect despite their different views on policy. Obama said, as Ryan nodded back, I don t have a bad thing to say about you as a man. I know you want what s best for America. Obama s powerful message to the GOP candidates comes just as front runner Donald Trump is denying the worsening violence that has plagued his rallies by calling his campaign events  love fests . Trump is also now lying about the fact that he has encouraged more violence by telling his supporters he will pay for any legal fees they might be faced with from attacking protesters. Featured image via Ben Thomas / Flickr",0
7482, Gov. Chris Christie Bails On Cop’s Funeral To Campaign For Trump,"Governor Chris Christie wasted no time after suspending his presidential campaign to swoon over Donald Trump, the clear favorite to win the Republican Presidential nomination, in hopes his support would result in improving his own public image in the Republican Party, with an eye on a position in Trump s presidential administration.On Monday, Governor Chris Christie should have been in New Jersey to attend the funeral of 31-year-old New Jersey State Trooper Sean Cullen, who was killed in the line of duty last week after being struck by a vehicle in response to a highway car fire. Instead, Governor Christie is ignoring his duties as Governor to be a full-time surrogate for Donald Trumps  presidential campaign, as Christie was in Florida campaigning on Trump s behalf.Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno attended the funeral in place of Governor Christie, who referred questions about his scheduling to the Trump campaign, who, not surprisingly, did not reply to the media s requests for comment on the issue.This is the third police funeral Governor Christie has missed since December. It is disgraceful that a public official elected by the people is ignoring the public servicemen who sacrificed themselves in the line of duty.The president of the state troopers  union, Christopher Burgos, criticized Governor Christie for his actions. We are focused on honoring our fallen brother today, and quite frankly we did not expect someone who has consistently shown disdain for law enforcement to pay his respects to the Cullen and State Police family, said Burgos to Politico New Jersey. May Sean rest in peace. A wonderful family. Tragic,  he said.  Gov s decision making is predicated on selfish political opportunism, that much is clear. 1,000 officers attended the funeral to mourn the fallen New Jersey State Trooper. He orders flags flown at half-mast, but couldn t stay for the funeral?  New Jersey state Senate Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg, a Democrat, told New York Daily News .  It s a choice that symbolizes how he feels about the State of New Jersey. It isn t even his campaign. Featured image via Flickr",0
7483, The KKK Leader The Media Said ‘Endorsed’ Hillary? Here’s Proof He’s Actually A Trump Voter,"Fox News and other right-wing outlets are quivering with glee at the fact that a known Ku Klux Klan leader is endorsing Hillary Clinton. What they AREN T reporting though is this: the guy is actually a Trump supporter. This  endorsement  is really just an effort to paint Clinton as a racist and damage her brand and her campaign with the dark stain of open and obvious racist terrorism that is the KKK.The outrageous reason for California KKK Grand Dragon Will Quigg to endorse the Democratic frontrunner? He thinks Hillary is a secret racist   even to the point of being in line with the KKK s views. Quigg told the Telegraph of his Clinton  endorsement : She is telling everybody one thing, but she has a hidden agenda. She s telling everybody what they want to hear so she can get elected, because she s Bill Clinton s wife, she s close to the Bushes. Once she s in the presidency, she s going to come out and her true colors are going to show. Border policies are going to be put in place. Our Second Amendment rights that she s saying she s against now, she s not against. She s just our choice for the presidency. So, in other words, this dude is trying to make people think that Hillary Clinton is a racist, immigrant-hating gun nut. Yeah, good luck with that Mr. Quigg. The thing is, though, Quigg s own words show that he isn t truly endorsing Hillary Clinton. In fact, here are his pro-Trump, pro- white power tweets that prove it:@realDonaldTrump You Sir are the only hope we have of getting WHITE AMERICA BACK! WE all will be voting for you! CHURCH OF INVISABLE EMPIRE  Wm. Quigg (@GrandDragonCa) September 17, 2015@JohnKerry @StateDept Forget Kerry, America needs Donald Trump if we're ever going to get this Country BACK!!!  Wm. Quigg (@GrandDragonCa) September 16, 2015This guys is clearly lying about his Clinton support. He s a Trump supporter through and through, and his reason for that is the fact that most of Trump s racist talking points are straight from the terrifying playbook of one of the world s most infamous and dangerous dictators, Adolf Hitler. This is nothing more than an effort to smear Clinton and make Black voters think twice about following her.Don t fall for this one folks. This guy is a dangerous racist who supports Donald Trump.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
7484, What Trump Promised Carson For An Endorsement Could Very Well Land Him In Jail (VIDEO),"Watching people line up behind Donald Trump is concerning in and of itself, but we may finally have an explanation as to why certain people have been so quick to endorse the Republican presidential frontrunner after dropping out of the race themselves.First, it was New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who had been slamming Trump his whole campaign, but then turned around to endorse him. And now, Dr. Ben Carson has backed the real estate mogul. However, Carson may have just revealed why he actually threw his support behind Trump   and the reason may actually be illegal.While being interviewed on Newsmax, Carson seemed to imply that he was offered an  advisory  position in Trump s potential administration in return for an endorsement. One big problem with that, though. Offering a role in exchange for an endorsement is against federal law.Carson said: I didn t see a path for Kasich, who I like, or for Rubio, who I like. As far as Cruz is concerned, I don t think that he s gonna be able to draw independents and Democrats unless he has some kind of miraculous change  Is there another scenario that I would have preferred? Yes. But that scenario isn t available. However, expanding on what cemented his decision, Carson said: I will be doing things as well   Certainly in an advisory capacity [in Trump s administration] We haven t handled out all the details but it is very important that we work together in this country  Again, I m not going to reveal any details about it right now because all of this is still very liquid. Which leads any person with common sense to realize Trump clearly offered Carson a role in exchange for his support. However, according to the federal legal code: Whoever, being a candidate, directly or indirectly promises or pledges the appointment, or the use of his influence or support for the appointment of any person to any public or private position or employment, for the purpose of procuring support in his candidacy shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both; and if the violation was willful, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both. Carson very may well have led to the chance of federal charges being filed against Trump. Will that happen? Likely not. Should it? Most definitely. Trump is gaming the system and seems to be promising favors. It s scandalous at best, and most definitely illegal.Here s the video via Think Progress:Featured image via YouTube",0
7485, President Obama Posts His ‘White House Rap’ Duet Online And Breaks The Internet (VIDEO),"President Obama gave America, and the world, a reminder of the better side of politics today by posting a hilarious video of himself and Hamilton star Lin-Manuel Miranda rapping outside the White House.The cast of  the Broadway hit Hamilton came to the White House to perform songs about the Founding Fathers, with the show s creator and Obama even taking time to hang out in the Rose Garden and deliver some freestyle rap.The pair stand together, accompanied by a Redcoat Drummer, poised and ready to drop their beats. Miranda breaks into laughter as the President kicks off the rap by looking sternly into the camera and saying: This some serious business right here  in his best ghetto voice.Obama holds up cue cards while Miranda then freestyle raps on whatever subject comes up. The cards include Constitution, POTUS, Obamacare, the Federalist papers (ouch!), the Obama family dogs Sunny and Bo, NASA, carbon footprint, congress, innovation, SCOTUS, and immigrants   to which Miranda riffs:  we get the job done! The President smiled widely at the end of the footage, saying:The post immediately of course, did go viral. Notching up over 8 million views in less than an hour and continuing to attract viewers from across the country and the world. Supporters were moved by the President giving the nation a reason to be cheerful, amidst the controversy and bitterness of the Trump campaign.However, for conservatives who are busy burning with rage and looking for non-whites to sucker punch on behalf of their glorious leader   two men making music in a bid to educate young people about the country is an abomination.Their reaction got a little hysterical.The reactions underscore how bizarre the situation has become in conservative camps. Every last thing is a partisan issue, and somehow related to Benghazi. It s just a rap fellas, calm down.Featured image via Screengrab ",0
7486, Humans Of New York Photographer PUMMELS Donald Trump In Scathing Open Letter (IMAGE),"Brandon Stanton, the world-renowned photographer behind the brilliant Humans of New York  Facebook page, usually stays out of politics but this particular election has him all riled up thanks to Republican front runner Donald Trump.Knowing full well that the rise of the business mogul could be the absolute downfall of America, Stanton decided that he could no longer stay silent and penned an open letter to Trump on Monday.  The photographer shot to fame six years ago by photographing people on the streets, documenting and sharing a small piece of their lives with the public. Since then, his popularity has grown tremendously and Stanton has photographed and interviewed notable figures such as President Barack Obama and Syrian refugees   using his tremendous influence to make a statement. Stanton s letter to Trump is no different, but carries an entirely different tone as the photographer has labeled the offensive candidate  hateful  and  racist. First admitting that he was hesitant to become involved in the election, Stanton explained why he was choosing to speak out against the front runner now: I try my hardest not to be political. I ve refused to interview several of your fellow candidates. But I realize now that there is no correct time to oppose violence and prejudice. Because along with millions of Americans, I ve come to realize that opposing you is no longer a political decision. It is a moral one. In the letter, Trump was also called out for the racism and violence that he encourages not only in his Twitter rants, speeches and interviews, but at his rallies as well. I ve watched you retweet racist images. I ve watched you retweet racist lies. I ve watched you take 48 hours to disavow white supremacy. I ve watched you joyfully encourage violence, and promise to  pay the legal fees  of those who commit violence on your behalf. Stanton also spoke about the people he s gotten to interview around the world   such as Muslims in Iran, Iraq, and Pakistan, and Syrian and Iraqi refugees   the very people that Trump warns his supporters about. Stanton blasts the GOPer for comparing refugees to  snakes , claiming that  Islam hates us and  gleefully tell stories of executing Muslims with bullets dipped in pig blood.  The photographer railed against Trump s hateful rhetoric and lies: Over the last two years I have conducted extensive interviews with hundreds of Muslims, chosen at random, on the streets of Iran, Iraq, and Pakistan. I ve also interviewed hundreds of Syrian and Iraqi refugees across seven different countries.And I can confirm  the hateful one is you. Stanton ends his scathing letter by saying that even if Trump changed his tone, he will never be able to truly  rebrand  himself as  presidential  or a  unifier    because he s not. Stanton wrote: Though your words will no doubt change over the next few months, you will always remain who you are. You are a man who has encouraged prejudice and violence in the pursuit of personal power. The post has now been shared over 590,000 times, and you can read it in full below:HONYStanton s message is such a powerful one, and a reminder of what Trump truly stands for. He s a man that cannot change, and supporting him is one of the most dangerous things an American can do to their country. Featured image via Tumblr and Gage Skidmore",0
7487, CA Gov.: We’d ‘Have To Build A Wall’ Around Our State If Trump Is President (VIDEO),"A Donald Trump president is a very scary prospect for all sane Americans. Most politicians, GOP and Democrat alike, are in no way behind that bloviating fool and his crazy, dangerous and violent supporters. California Governor Jerry Brown has taken that one step further, and turned Trump s constant talk of building walls right back around on him. Brown, in fact, says that California will need its own wall if Trump becomes president.Brown made the statements during a dinner party for a labor union. He said to the crowd: And I promise that if Trump were ever elected, we d have to build a wall around California to defend ourselves from the rest of this country! Governor Brown then assured the cheering and laughing crowd that he was just kidding: By the way that is a joke. We don t like walls, we like bridges. Brown then went on to point out how important immigration is to the American workforce: Some of these old white guys ought to recognize that the whole pension system would collapse if we didn t have a bunch of young people coming into this country and into this state. They re not all coming from here. They re coming from other places. Brown is right, of course. Walls are not the solution   bridges are. However, if Trump and his band of lunatics take over America, a wall around California and anyone else wanting to shield themselves from such a travesty might not be such a bad idea.Watch the video of Governor Brown s remarks below:Featured image via screen capture from Jerry Brown Facebook",0
7488, Trevor Noah Dropkicks Donald Trump With A Truly Brutal One-Liner (VIDEO),"Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is leading the pack by appealing to the very worst aspects of human nature, and the battle is on the find the sentence that truly expresses the horror and contempt this news generates in the rest of us. We think Trevor Noah might just have found it.Speaking on the Daily Show, Noah said: I hope there are two Donald Trumps   that way he can go f*ck himself Yep that just about does it.But Noah s whole rant delivered a brutal drop kick to the Trump campaign and its cynical use of every dirty tactic in the book to gain power   with near total disregard for the consequences. We laugh, but it s still more likely there s only one Donald Trump, who is just a cynical, manipulating man, manipulating his followers and his enemies and the media without any concern for what he s doing to the country, That s possible. That s probably the truth. But I do hope   I do hope   that there are two Donald Trumps. Because that way he could go f*ck himself. Turning to the ever-escalating racist violence spilling out of Trump rallies across the country, Noah didn t mince his words either. Here s the truth: Donald Trump didn t just create an atmosphere for violence at his rallies, he engineered it as carefully and deliberately as Matt Damon did when he was growing potatoes on Mars. Finally the host appealed to fans of Trump s opponents to avoid confronting Trump fans, or attempting to shut down their rallies, saying: If you come in, and you actually try to silence them, it s like trying to put a fire out by putting wood onto it, You ve given Trump the villain that, up until now, he was making up. The issue of course, with failing to confront Trump and his merry band of agitators, is that fascism is the genie you can t put back in the bottle.Donald Trump, and his fellow Republican candidates, have pulled the most noxious, toxic, racist, sexist behavior back into the mainstream.The Republican establishment knows they have opened pandora s box, a box that they cannot now close. They hoped to leverage its toxic contents by turning it into votes for their establishment candidate. Instead, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have been given the chance to take over; two men who would have been unelectable in almost any ballot in modern times. Whatever hell these candidates and their followers reap upon the country, it will taint the Republican party forever.Featured image via screengrab",0
7489," Samantha Bee Invited Trump Fans To A Party, And All Hell Broke Loose (VIDEO)","Full Frontal host Samantha Bee braced herself and attempted a dialogue with Trump fans away from the mud-slinging happening across the internet. She gave Trump s followers a chance to show a better side of themselves and they blew it. Bee didn t cheat. She didn t walk into a roadside bar and grab a couple drunks with KKK t-shirts on. She invited a diverse array of Trump supporters: women, gay, black, Asian, college graduates, bi-partisan. All were represented. The common theme: none of them were able to put forward a single coherent response when asked the most simple questions about their candidate. And when pressed, all hit the hot button of anger.The host begins by showing footage of some of the racist violence spilling out at Trump rallies across the country. This includes the moment John Franklin McGraw of North Carolina sucker-punching a black protester and threatening to kill him (Trump later stated he would pay the attacker s legal bills, and those of anyone arrested for violence at his rallies).While Trump pinned the blame for violence on Bernie Sanders supporters, Bee showed footage of Trump fans telling bystanders to go to Auschwitz. Go to f**king Auschwitz.  Clearly, not a Sanders fan.But, Bee states, surely the millions of Trump supporters across the country can t be hysterical racists? There must be some sane, rational, people who are choosing to back Trump too. So she picked a sample and offered to put on a lavish party for them in exchange for an open conversation about their candidate and their views.It s actually more terrifying than the racist violence. What you see is smart, open-minded people  choking down their own souls to belong. Bee starts by asking the group how they feel about their candidates statements on banning muslims from the country. Temporarily!  they say, almost in unison.  For our national security. As if this somehow resolves the dilemma. They take no issue with lumping the world s 1.7 billion Muslims together as terrorists.However, when Bee asks them how they feel about white supremacists backing their candidate, they are up in arms at the lumping together of themselves with other Trump fans. One supporter doesn t even look remotely convinced of her own argument as she mumbles: We all love America, I guess. If there s something we can come together on, we want this country to be great, I think everyone can get behind that. Getting angry at the clear embarrassment this question has caused the group, one supporter strikes out with: It s clearly illogical to play the guilt-by-association game because we could do this all day long, To which Bee points out that they have no problem playing that game against Muslims.Silence.Bee moves on, asking the group how they feel about the racist violence breaking out at Trump rallies. They argue that the media is continuing to quote Trump out of context. So Bee plays the video of Trump inciting the crowd to attack a protester, stating that he would do it himself. She turns to the group and asks: Can you acknowledge that it is literally impossible, as a member of the media, to ignore a person when they say they would punch a protester in the face? One supporter dismisses the question out of hand, stating that if you get enough people in a space, somebody is always going to get punched in the face. Ok.Bee mingles around the the party, and chats to the woman who stated that Trump would bring America together. She tells Bee she really wants the wall, to keep out undesirables. When asked who will pay for it, the woman states with glee that Mexico will. Bee s fact checker points out that Mexico is on the record as stating they will not pay for the wall. To which the woman replies, wide-eyed: And you know what Trump said? The wall just got 10 feet taller! Her final chat at the party is with a man clearly on the verge of rage. Bee states that he is making her feel uncomfortable because although he is smiling, there is real anger in his eyes. With another burst of barely suppressed rage and pointing a finger in Bee s face, the man states: There s no anger, it s passion. Don t mistake that. Bee signs off with a resigned sigh that we have to withstand 8 months more of this  passion , while a rolling a montage of violence at Trump rallies.What is clear from the footage is that there s no way of holding a rational argument with a zealot. And what s clear from the Trump fan party is that he is encouraging zealotry, the unquestioning evangelism of Trump, in groups that might otherwise display all the signs of being critical thinkers and evidence-based voters. That is way if anything, this bizarre party is more terrifying than the hysterical scenes at the rallies   because these people know better, and they re choosing to be sucked into the dark world of Donald Trump anyway. Featured Image via Flickr/Screengrab ",0
7490," Anonymous Just Declared ‘TOTAL WAR’ On Trump, Threatens To Expose ‘Embarrassing Information’ (VIDEO)","Donald  Tiny Hands  Trump might be in for a bit of a shock soon. The hacktivist group is calling on  every able person with a computer  to join in their efforts to slow the advance of the racist, xenophobic billionaire. On March 4, the group posted a video declaring  total war  on the 2016 hopeful. Using the hashtag #OpTrump on Twitter, the group is threatening to  dismantle his campaign  by taking his websites offline.The first in this new series of attacks is to occur on April 1, when Trump Chicago will be taken offline on April Fool s Day through a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack, but it doesn t stop there. All of Trump s personal, business, and campaign websites seem to be a target. But it doesn t stop there   the group also vows to uncover  embarrassing information  about The Donald and make it public. Dear Donald Trump, we have been watching you for a long time and what we see is deeply disturbing,  a spokesperson says in the video.  Your inconsistent and hateful campaign has not only shocked the United States of America [but] you have shocked the entire planet with your appalling actions and ideas. You say what your audience wants to hear but in reality you don t stand for anything except for your personal greed and power. The message is then directed to anyone who opposes Trump s hate: We need you to shut down his websites, to research and expose what he doesn t want the public to know. We need to dismantle his campaign and sabotage his brand. We are encouraging every able person with a computer to participate in this operation. This is not a warning, this is a declaration of total war. Donald Trump   it is too late to expect us. The post also includes what appears to be a wealth of The Donald s personal information, though we will not verify that or publish it (After all, there are lines we will not cross).Trump first earned the group s attention in December when he called for a total ban on Muslims entering the United States, even if they are returning from vacation. Earlier this month, the hacktivist collective accessed Trump s voicemail and posted the contents online, embarrassing the  liberal media  by revealing that the same journalists Trump demonizes are perfectly willing to cozy up to him for favors.It is unknown what information will be revealed through this operation, but if it is anything like the voicemails, it will be pretty damning.Featured image via screengrab",0
7491, HOT MIC: Hillary Clinton Caught Ridiculing Trump And His Lackey Chris Christie (AUDIO),"Hillary Clinton s recent appearance with Chris Matthews for a town hall special turned out to offer far more entertainment than progressives who frequent the station on their dial could have possibly hoped for. While the town hall itself was riveting, with Clinton answering tough questions about Iraq, Libya and other matters of foreign policy and national security, one particular commercial break offered some candid moments the former senator and secretary of state didn t expect to be public.Alas, the mic was hot, so we get to enjoy a bit of the Hillary we don t see on the campaign trail often enough. Clinton tries to take the high road when the lights are on and the cameras are rolling, declining to comment in-depth on the Republican race in an insulting or derogatory way in most instances. Sure, she gets her digs, but this was a special moment we have the privilege of enjoying.They chatted about Trump and the media circus surrounding him. Clinton commented that  you guys sure do like to cover him.  Matthews acknowledged that there is a lot of coverage of the fodder that is the Trump campaign, but that most of his network s audience are progressives, to which Clinton added,  They like to laugh at him.  That is so true. Those of us who spend our days sharing the world of politics with our readers can t help but cover the buffoonery of Donald Trump because the alternative is to create more uneducated voters who believe a career in reality TV qualifies a giant orange Cheeto to be president.The conversation also included some solid jabs at Chris Christie. Secretary Clinton, seemingly unsure as to why Christie would even consider backing Donald Trump, asking Wallace if he had heard anything about a debt he may have owed. It s a perfectly logical assumption that Wallace dismissed with a more obvious answer: he wants a seat in the Trump administration.Listen to the audio below, courtesy of The Washington Post: Featured image from screen capture",0
7492, A Study On How Often Donald Trump Lies–Complete With Proof (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a liar. Not the kind of lies that qualify as little white lies or harmless little fibs. He doesn t just exaggerate a little or embellish his stories. No, Donald Trump qualifies for full pants on fire status. A recent study of nearly 40 hours of campaign footage by Politico found that The Donald lies on average every five minutes. go ahead and read that again and take it in for all it s worth: Donald Trump tells a bald-faced lie every five minutes he s at a podium.His followers eat it up. Whether he s inventing numbers about trade deficits, creating success stories that definitely never actually happened to him or defending his bankruptcies, out-of-court settlements and failed business ventures, Donald Trump truly personifies the old adage that you can tell if he s lying if his lips are moving. Politico stated:We chronicled 4.6 hours of stump speeches and press conferences, from a rally in Concord, N.C., on Monday to a rally on Friday in St. Louis.The result: more than five dozen statements deemed mischaracterizations, exaggerations, or simply false   the kind of stuff that would have been stripped from one of our stories, or made the whole thing worthy of the spike. It equates to roughly one misstatement every five minutes on average.They also produced a video of some of those lies   captioned with the truth   for your viewing pleasure:How anyone can take this buffoon seriously is a mystery. While most Republicans are well-known for blaming the problems they and their party created for our country on Democrats, specifically President Obama, Trump is content to lie when the truth goes better. For example, we have a $366 billion trade deficit with China, which Trump has repeatedly exaggerated to $500 billion. Is that extra $134 billion really that important? Most middle and working class Americans struggle to keep $1000 in the bank, Donald. $366 billion more than makes the point.Another fan favorite is the ever-benevolent Trump and his  self-funded  campaign. Trump has passed the $7 million mark on donations from people who hit the big blue  donate  button on his website, and the bulk of his  self-funding  comes in the form of a $17.5 million loan from Donald J Trump. That loan can be repaid anytime up until shortly after his campaign ends. Trump s actual personal contributions total a little over $200K.That s how good  Christians  like Donald Trump operate. They hide behind lies. The truth that they are corporate lackeys looking to better their personal portfolios and secure a future for old, white, male America isn t so easy to campaign on, so they conjure a truth that fits their dialogue. In Trump s case, the truth is far more frightening than most, if not all, Republicans who have come before him: He wants the presidency so he can enjoy the pinnacle of power and blow things up.Not exactly a good enough reason to hand a lunatic the nuclear football but hey, you can t blame a megalomaniac for trying.Featured image from Gage Skidmore",0
7493, Chicago Cops Busted Yelling ‘F**king N***gers’ On Hot Dispatch Mic (AUDIO),"Once again, the police demonstrate just how absolutely justified people of color are in not trusting them. After the violence and chaos that erupted and eventually resulted in the cancellation of a Donald Trump rally in Chicago, Illinois on Friday night, some extremely vulgar and racist language was used between police officers just hours later over their dispatch radios. Very clearly, on the tape that has been circulating on social media, the phrases Typical f ing n s  and Black lives matter, my a  are spat maliciously by two of Chicago s finest. The disturbing words were uttered over the feeds from the Far South Side and Morgan Park areas   both of which are populated mostly by African Americans.Here is a description of the vile exchange, via New York Daily News:The roughly 8:30 a.m. exchange started with a dispatcher joking with a police officer that it was  too early to be bothering you.  They said a friendly good morning to each other.Another cop asked,  How many boyfriends do you have? The dispatcher replied with a joke.  Why you all in my Kool-Aid? Why you over here? Another voice said,  You can answer that again,  and a muffled voice said something that sounded like,  You got busted over the air again. Two seconds later, a man s voice said,  Typical f ing n s. A police officer asked the dispatcher to  find out what radio that comment came from  and she said she couldn t track its location but had alerted her boss.A few indecipherable noises followed before another voice said the ethnic slur again. Black lives matter, my a . F ing n s,  the voice said. The minute-long recording then ended.You can listen here:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/251822805  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Now, of course, the Chicago Police Department is in full on damage control mode. They have reduced this extreme racism to inappropriate transmission on a police frequency  and released the following statement: The statements made are absolutely unacceptable and Superintendent [John] Escalante has ordered an immediate internal affairs investigation into this incident,  CPD officials said.  Should the investigation reveal that a member of the police department made the statements, he will be immediately suspended and disciplinary proceedings will be launched. Considering that it was over police dispatch, it is highly unlikely that anyone BUT a Chicago police officer or someone else who has access to that feed in such a position said it. Further, forget suspended   fire these people once they are identified. They obviously cannot police neighborhoods for people of color in a fair and unbiased way. Don t we have enough issues with police racism? Don t we have enough racist cops using their position to literally murder people of color? Shame on you, Chicago PD, if you allow these racists to keep their jobs. Then again, with the way things usually go in these cases, I won t be surprised if nobody is disciplined at all, let alone fired as they should be.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons ",0
7494," Trump Humiliates Chris Christie To His Face: ‘I Hated To Do That, But I Had To Make My Point’ (VIDEO)","Chris Christie just had yet another terrible day at the hands of his new boss, Donald Trump. In what is becoming a trend, Trump once again used Christie as his personal punching bag, while the humiliated governor was forced to stand close by and grovel.At a campaign stop in Ohio, Trump took a dig at the state s governor John Kasich by noting that he was such a bad governor, that he may have even been worse than Christie. Christie was standing off to Trump s side, forced to pretend to like it as he was mocked by the man he endorsed for president. It was surreal. Your governor, Kasich, if you look at him, and I m being totally impartial,  he goes to New Hampshire, he s living in New Hampshire. Living. Where s Chris? Is Chris around? Even more than Chris Christie he was there. [Trump points at Chris, standing just off camera] Right?! Ouch. The dig is particularly bad because Christie has often been accused of abandoning his state to promote himself. But don t worry, Chris. Trump felt awfully bad about telling a crowd that you are terrible. I hated to do that,  Trump said with a smile,  but I had to make my point. The scorching by his new best friend comes at a very awkward time for Christie. The New Jersey governor has been getting hammered by critics in his state for abandoning his job to run a failed campaign for president and then immediately jump on the Trump bandwagon, and avoid his job again. Already, many are calling for Christie to resign or face impeachment.On the very same day that he was being shamed by Trump, Christie set off a firestorm of outrage when he announced he would be in Ohio rather than attend the funeral of a police officer who had been killed in the line of duty.Local media outlets reported that  hundreds of police officers, family members and friends  attended Cullen s funeral in Washington Township, N.J.Christie, however, was not one of them.Instead, the former 2016 White House hopeful hosted a town hall forum with Trump at noon on Monday, the same time Cullen s funeral was scheduled for, at Rhyne University in Hickory, N.C.He then joined Trump for his Ohio event.This isn t the first time Christie has had to stand with a grin while Trump brought him to heel in front of thousands of people and dozens of news cameras. Earlier this year, a hot mic captured Trump telling Christie to get off the stage they were sharing and get on the plane. The incident quickly went viral, confirming many of the rumors swirling about Trump s campaign and his obsession with not letting anyone share his spotlight.Why does Christie suffer through this level of disrespect? That s easy. His career as governor is doomed, and he s shooting for attorney general in Trump s administration. Who needs self-respect when you have a job lined up from your new boss who hates you?Featured image via YouTube",0
7495, Pastor Demands Bernie Sanders Convert To Christianity During Trump Rally (VIDEO),"According to the right-wing pastor, Mark Burns, Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders, does not believe in god. That s what Burns told an audience of Trump supporters Thursday in Hickory, North Carolina during a Donald Trump campaign event. Sanders is a Jewish man who has lived a mostly secular life.Burns even went as far to say that Bernie Sanders needs to convert to Christianity. Here s what Burns said in full: Bernie Sanders, who doesn t believe in God, how in the world (are) we going to let Bernie   I mean, really? Bernie s got to get saved, Bernie s got to meet Jesus. He s got to have a coming to Jesus meeting. While he does not participate in organized religion, Sanders has expressed that he does believe in god. During an interview in Rolling Stone, Sanders was asked if he believed in god. Sanders responded, saying: Yeah, I do. I do. I m not into organized religion. But I believe that what impacts you impacts me, that we are all united in one way or another. When children go hungry, I get impacted. When kids die because they can t afford medicine, I get impacted. We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering. Sanders  beliefs are found in both the Jewish faith. From the Talmud,  Whoever destroys a soul, it is considered as if he destroyed an entire world. And whoever saves a life, it is considered as if he saved an entire world. Alternatively, the same beliefs are found in the secular organized labor movement. In particular, the International Worker s Union s motto,  An injury to one is an injury to all,  encapsulates Sanders  belief system as he has described it.This is all happening against Trump s threats to Sanders and his supporters. While at the same time, the Republican primary front-runner and his supporters escalate their violent tactics against protestors.Here s a video of Burn s opening address. The relevant comments begin five minutes into the speech.Featured image from video screenshot via YouTube",0
7496, This One Hilarious GIF May Show Us Who Trump Is Truly Terrified Of The Most (VIDEO),"If there s one thing Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump likes to boast, it s that he s not afraid of anything or anyone. He likes to hold this bravado that he is incapable of being scared, that he s willing to take on the world, and that anyone who dares to cross him better watch out.However, as it turns out this outward bravado may also be a falsification of his true character, as most people who are truly terrified do to overcompensate. As he tells his supporters to go after protesters who come to his rally, he hides behind the podium and/or doesn t show up to an event at all. Then, when faced with someone who actually approached him at an event he, quite literally, look terrified and cowered away.Well, because the internet is full of hilarious geniuses, someone just put together a GIF of what may truly be the funniest thing so far this year to hit the world wide web. It shows Trump at a recent rally when a protester started to approach the stage and his security surrounded him, but this time it shows Bernie Sanders creep onto the stage and scare the living daylights out of the real estate mogul.Check it out for yourself. You ll likely watch on repeat.Who did this?pic.twitter.com/aExizdUdnT  Maegan Vazquez (@maeganvaz) March 14, 2016Featured image via GIF screen capture",0
7497, Sarah Palin: My Husband Nearly Dying Made Me Realize How Important It Was To Elect Trump (VIDEO),"Just as Sarah Palin was set to deliver another pro-Trump stump speech, the one-time Republican vice presidential candidate learned that her husband, Todd, had been involved in a serious snowmobile accident in Alaska and was in bad condition in the Intensive Care Unit. She cancelled one event, but didn t go home. Instead, she returned to the campaign trail that same day and delivered one of the most pathetic endorsements of Trump yet. She even found a way to exploit her husband. it was painful to watch.It almost makes you feel bad for Todd Palin. Lying in his hospital bed, watching his wife use his moment of need to promote the guy she thinks will keep her relevant.Never one to let a family crisis go to waste (remember when she managed to turn her son s brutal beating of his girlfriend into a critique of Obama?), Palin told the gathered Trump crowd that the experience of learning her husband almost died made her immediately realize how important her time was   and that she needed to spend it getting Trump elected.The audience went wild.Incoming word salad (recorded verbatim): Yeah, good to be here. Thawed out and little Alaskas. Literally  thawed out. Just before I got on a flight to get out here, he s out ice fishing on our frozen lake and my husband s out snow machinin  and thank you guys for your prayers for my husband who is recovering right now in ICUS after a little wreck on a snow machine. So thank you. Big wreck. Thank you. But, you know, when real life happens, right? When someone is sick in your family, there s an accident that happens, all these challenges, these struggles in your business, in your family, with your finances, tryin  to get your kids to be able to afford to go to college, all these real life issues that happen, it really puts things into perspective, doesn t it? And doesn t it make you so appreciate your time   time is our most valuable resource. It makes me appreciate the time that we have to spend in doing something so worthy. And that s to get Donald J. Trump elected president.When Palin learns her husband is badly injured, she takes the experience to appreciate how important it is for her to shill for Donald Trump. That really does put things into perspective, doesn t it? Palin: Todd s Accident Made Me Appreciate the  by tommyxtopherFeatured image via Fox10 screengrab",0
7498, Trump Supporters Form Militia To Beat Up Protesters At Rallies Just Like Hitler’s Brownshirts (IMAGE),"Sounds like they should call themselves the Brownshirts, because that s what this group basically is.At Donald Trump rallies across the nation, his supporters have committed violence against protesters with little or no restraint   or consequences for that matter.One rally in North Carolina last week alone saw two black men get physically assaulted by racist white guys who clearly didn t care if they were being filmed or not, but they attacked their victims anyway despite not being provoked to do so. They didn t do it in self defense, but out of hatred and entitlement.Rallies in St. Louis and Chicago have nearly sparked race wars between white racists and protesters, and Trump has even led his supporters in a pledge that included the Nazi salute.Trump claims that his rallies are not violent and that no one has ever been injured at one of his events.So, it really comes as no surprise at all that a group of Trump supporters are actually forming a militia to beat up protesters who they claim are  Far-left agitators  and the real culprits committing violent acts.A group on Twitter called  Lion s Guard,  described themselves as  An informal civilian organization dedicated to protecting the safety and security of innocent, peaceful Trump supporters from violent Far-Left agitators. The group then tweeted out an invitation to other Trump supporters who would like to  forcefully protect  rallies and referred to themselves as the real victims of beatings and violence. Do you want to provide security protection to innocent people who are subject to harassment and assault by Far-left agitators? If so, you are welcome to join. That s the mission   to protect innocents who can t hire their own security guards. We are unarmed but willing to forcefully protect people if need be. We are *defensive*, *protective* of innocents who are being beaten and harassed for their political views. And then the page was taken down after the page owner received a threat, but they promised to create a website to coordinate actions the group takes.Here s a screenshot of the Twitter page via RT.Image via RTAgain, this group sounds like wannabe members of the Brownshirts who served Adolf Hitler during his rise to power in Germany, whose primary purpose was to provide protection for Nazi rallies and assemblies from those they deemed socialists and communists. At one such assembly in November 1919, Hitler s Brownshirt friends ejected hecklers by force by throwing them down the stairs. At another meeting in February 1920, dissenters who tried to shout Hitler down were violently removed. And in November 1921, a melee broke out when the Brownshirts attacked protesters during a Hitler speech.This is same kind of violence that is already occurring at Trump rallies across the country and now a group of his supporters are taking it a step further by creating a group dedicated to  forcefully  taking down protesters if a Trump supporter merely feels threatened.Trump has already been repeatedly labeled a fascist this month, and this new group only makes that label stick. Featured image via Imgur ",0
7499, North Carolina Authorities May Charge Trump With ‘Inciting A Riot’ Following His Violent Rally,"Donald Trump has watched from the stage as his rabid supporters have brutally assaulted the people who come out to protest him. Oftentimes, he even urges them on   whipping his followers into a violent frenzy with unfounded accusations that the protesters are working for ISIS or were sent by Bernie Sanders and  deserve it. After this week saw nearly every Trump rally end in assaults and racial and ethnic slurs, the question turned from  Will someone be killed at a Trump rally?  to  When? Trump has done absolutely nothing to tone down the rhetoric. In fact, he s stepped it up. Lately, he s begun using his supporters as a personal goon squad. When he accused Bernie Sanders fans of forcing him to cancel his rally in Chicago, he threatened to  send them  out to harass Sanders supporters. The supporters themselves seem downright eager to oblige this call to violence. The only thing missing are literal brown shirts.This again came to a head, this time in North Carolina, where Trump rallies in Concord and Fayetteville. In one disturbing, but not uncommon, incident, a black man was attacked as the crowd roared. A cowboy hat-wearing Trump superfan beamed as he told reporters that he was proud for sucker punching an African American protester as he was being escorted out. He was eventually charged with assault, but not before vowing to  kill  the man if he ever saw him again.Trump doubled-down on his claim that these protesters were  bad people  and possibly ISIS terrorists. He then encouraged his followers to be more violent when faced with protesters, again saying they were  bad  and deserved it. His supporters in the media also parroted this call to violence.I would like to see a little more violence from the innocent Trump supporters set upon by violent leftist hoodlums.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) March 13, 2016But North Carolina authorities are now coming out strongly against Trump attempting to turn their state into a breeding ground for fascism. Following the violent rally, the Cumberland County Sheriff s Office announced that it would be looking into charging Donald Trump   the current Republican front-runner for President of the United States by a wide margin  with inciting a riot.JUST IN: North Carolina police considering filing charges against Trump for potentially inciting a riot https://t.co/gQjG8N6tXP  MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 14, 2016A look at North Carolina s law against inciting a riot shows that Trump appears to check all the boxes. It s a wonder he hasn t been charged yet.Here's North Carolina riot law. pic.twitter.com/z9KpRPhcwH  Matt Pearce (@mattdpearce) March 14, 2016For the protesters who brave a Trump rally, the fact that the man on stage is using a microphone to actually call for the thousands of supporters in attendance to verbally or physically attack him or her, the  clear and present  danger is real. And this isn t just a thought exercise. People have been repeatedly hurt trying to escape the events. One man was pushed down and kicked. Another was elbowed in the face. Even reporters have faced violence. A TIME photographer was choke-slammed by Trump s Secret Service agent. A former Breitbart reporter was thrown to the ground by Trump s campaign manager, leaving bruises on her arm from where he grabbed her. The list goes on When Trump comes to town, you can count on two things happening: The racists crawling out of the woodwork waving Trump flags and violence directed at the people who oppose Trump. That s not a way to run a democracy. If authorities don t begin to stand up to Trump s calls for violence with criminal charges, the chances of a deadly incident happening are nearly total.The authorities in North Carolina caution that they may not charge Trump, however. Unfortunately,  inciting a riot  is known in legal circles as being notoriously difficult to prove, given how vague its language is. Trump will no doubt respond with an army of lawyers to descend on North Carolina should he find himself charged, so it is clearly making the sheriff s office gun shy. In a statement, they said they were looking into but won t make an official decision until after they ve run down a few more leads.Featured image via WRAL",0
7500, WATCH: Not A Single Woman Will Vote Trump After Seeing This Video,"A new ad from a conservative super PAC absolutely destroys Donald Trump, and it uses his own words to do the job. The commercial comes from Our Principles PAC, and it showcases ordinary everyday women reading a series of horribly sexist and misogynist quotes from current Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump.A few choice quotes from the ad include:These are the sorts of quotes that have terrified the Republican establishment about what Trump would do to the party in the general election. Even with candidates without misogynist comments like these on the ballot, Republicans have struggled to convince female voters. In 2012, 55 percent of women voted for Barack Obama, a number that was almost the same at 56 percent in 2008. Even when John Kerry lost the election in 2004, he still got 51 percent of the women s vote.You can hear the audio of Trump himself making many of these sexist comments in a story compiled by Buzzfeed. They went through Trump s appearances on radio shows like Howard Stern:Trump appeared upwards of two dozen times from the late  90s through the 2000s with the shock jock, and BuzzFeed News has listened to hours of those conversations, which are not publically available. The most popular topic of conversation during these appearances, as is typical of Stern s program, was sex. In particular, Trump frequently discussed women he had sex with, wanted to have sex with, or wouldn t have sex with if given the opportunity. He also rated women on a 10-point scale.This Super PAC ad is designed to derail Trump s path to the Republican nomination, but it may be too late for that. But a similar ad, broadcast from coast to coast by Democrats and their affiliated super PACs would likely be extremely devastating.Featured image via YouTube",0
7501, RNC Creates Obstructionist Force To Stop Obama From Performing His Duties As POTUS,"Before Supreme Court Justice Scalia s body was even cold the Republican Party vowed to stop any attempt by President Obama to nominate a replacement for his seat. Now, the Republican National Committee (RNC) is announcing that they have created a task force to do just that.According to The Hill the RNC has joined forces with an advocacy group, America Rising Squared, to attack Obama. The new obstructionist force is apparently going to launch television and radio ads, media appearances and petitions to support Senate Republicans who have vowed to not hold hearings when Obama nominates a replacement for Scalia. The group also plans to go after Democrats who are up for re-election in the Senate and the two Democratic candidates (Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton) who are running for president.RNC Chairman Reince Priebus commented on the campaign to prevent Obama from carrying out his Constitutional duties, calling it: the most comprehensive judicial response effort in our party s history We re going to hold everyone accountable and make sure Democrats have to answer to the American people for why they don t want voters to have a say in this process. What s really clear here is just how delusional the Republican Party is. They keep saying that the want to make sure we  have a voice  in this process as if we don t already.When we elected and re-elected Barack Obama we did so with the full knowledge that he would have the responsibility to pick a Supreme Court justice if a seat opened up. We expect him to fill the vacancies in the court and uphold the checks and balances that our founding fathers thought were so important. We elected him with the understanding that he would be president for eight years, not seven.Furthermore, I ve heard the GOP call him a  lame duck  president even though it is only March of his last year. A lame duck president is not at all what they seem to think it is. According to Merriam-Webster a  lame duck  is:   an elected official or group continuing to hold political office during the period between the election and the inauguration of a successor. President Obama will not be a lame duck until after we pick a new commander-in-chief in November. So, even by their very own statements, he has an absolute right to pick the next justice for the Supreme Court. Of course, it is the GOP we are talking about and they seem to just make shit up as they go along.Featured image via Wikimedia (Obama)/ Flickr (Priebus)",0
7502, Watch Cruz Insanely Admit He’ll Still Back Trump Until He ‘Shoots Somebody’ (VIDEO),"The Republican race towards the White House is getting more terrifying by the day. We have the front-runner, Donald Trump, saying at his rallies that not only does he want his crowd of supporters to be violent towards protesters, but he s also saying that he ll pay their legal fees. Now, we have Ted Cruz, who s currently in second place, saying that he ll back Trump unless he were to shoot someone.Cruz, while being interviewed Monday and asked if he s still sticking to his loyalty pledge to back the Republican nominee, said: Well, I can give you one example where I would no longer support Donald Trump. If, for example, he were to go out on Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, I would not be willing to support Donald Trump. Cruz is referring to when Trump said that his supporters love him so much, he could even shoot someone in the middle of Fifth Avenue and they would still love him.When pressed on the subject of violence at Trump rallies by a reporter and if he has reconsidered his pledge due to recent developments, Cruz insisted that he ll still back Trump. Cruz said: I know it is a shocking concept to member of the media. A shocking concept that an elected official actually does what he said. At the outset of this campaign I committed, I will support the Republican nominee, and I honor my word. This clearly shows Cruz s inflexibility on evolving situations, and proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that he does not belong in the White House. Being president includes being able to gather and process to information and intelligence and make the best decision for the nation depending on that information.Honestly, if people are still voting Republican at this point we should question their sanity. We literally have the top Republican presidential candidate encouraging violence against others, and the next in line saying he ll back that sort of behavior, unless, of course, he were to actually  shoot somebody.  We, as Americans, should not only be ashamed, we should be terrified that one of these men has a very real shot at being leader of the free world.Here s the video via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7503, White Trump Supporter Violently Attacks Muslim And Hispanic Students In Kansas,"This racist literally committed the hate crime in the name of Donald Trump.On Saturday morning, Khondoker Usama and his friend were getting gas for their vehicle at a Kwik Shop in Wichita, Kansas when they saw a white man hurling obscenities at a black man. Upon seeing Usama and his friend, the man focused on them. Then suddenly it turned onto us, calling us  brown trash, go home. Trump will win,  Usama recalled. You want to live in this country, you better leave,  the man warned Usama and his friend, who is Hispanic.Usama stood up to the bully and told him,  This is my country; who are you to tell me that? That s when the white man became violent, according to the Wichita Eagle.The exchange was heated, Usama said, and he tried to defuse the situation, but his friend got punched and taken to the ground. He said he tried to get between the attacker and his friend but then was pushed himself. He thought he saw the attacker reaching for his pocket and feared he had a weapon, he said, so he backed away and called 911. He kept kicking the student who was laying on the ground,  Usama said.  He was kicking him; it was a gut-wrenching scene. He saw that I was calling the police and got back on his motorcycle and circled around us and was saying  Trump, Trump, Trump, we will make America great again. You losers will be thrown out of the wall. Usama says he didn t know the man who attacked him and his friend, but he also doesn t  know why anyone would do anything so hateful and so wrong to any individual. This isn t the first time a Trump supporter has physically assaulted a person of color, although many of the incidents usually occur at Trump rallies.In North Carolina last week, a white Trump supporter sucker-punched a black man being led out of the rally by security. At the same rally, another white Trump supporter slapped a back man and yelled obscenities at him.And Trump rallies in St. Louis and Chicago nearly turned into race wars as white supporters hurled obscenities, racial epithets, and threats of violence towards protesters. Some protesters were even assaulted. Yet Donald Trump claims no one has gotten hurt at his rallies and he has called for more violence.As for Usama, he urged others to speak up if they find themselves being verbally or physically assaulted. There may be other people who are fearing the same thing. So this is really important in the times we are in, the challenges we are facing as minorities in this country; we better get united and we better speak up. Make no mistake, Donald Trump and the Republican Party are responsible for these racists and their actions. His white supporters literally think they are entitled to be assholes toward minorities and Trump only makes them feel bulletproof and immune to prosecution because he has said he would pay for their legal defense if they get arrested for assault or hate crimes.If Trump becomes president, this is what his America will look like. An America where white racists have free reign to harass and attack people of color at will because they have the blessing of the White House to do so. That s a scary and dangerous America to live in. Featured image via YouTube",0
7504, Obama’s DOJ Just Got Serious About Institutional Racism And Class Warfare In The Court System,"One of the positive effects of the racial tension in Ferguson, Missouri that began with the killing of Michael Brown was the subsequent resignation and replacement of the city s municipal court judge. After a Department of Justice review found the former judge ran his court as a for-profit entity, squeezing fine after fine from a city held hostage to his abuse, the new judge made some radical changes that allowed an entire city to breathe a little easier.The judge removed all warrants and license suspensions for non-payment of fines from the previous year, solving several problems in one fell swoop. First, people could stop fearing that the police would pull them over or stop them on the street at random looking for a collar and a few more dollars for the city s coffers. Next, it allowed citizens to have a new day in court in front of a judge who wasn t there to stock the prison system with cheap labor and add fines to people who already couldn t pay. People lined up to pay their old fines if they could or make payment arrangements or ask that they are dismissed if they couldn t.The end result was a city that had been victimized by class warfare and institutional racism being given a new start. No longer would 70 percent of households have no right against illegal searches just because someone inside had a bench warrant for not paying a fine they couldn t afford. No longer would police be able to pull people over at random, almost certain to make their arrest quota by ruining the livelihoods of people forced to drive on suspended licenses or lose their jobs.Ferguson was a perpetual circle of hell for its residents when it came to the police and the court system. It was also the perfect place to start a movement to reform it. Now Justice Department civil rights prosecutor Vanita Gupta is taking the philosophy that s working so well in Ferguson and trying to spreads it nationwide. While the letter she wrote to state courts doesn t carry the full weight of the law, it does carry the seal of the United States Justice Department and the full support of the executive branch of the U.S. government.That letter, which is a stern warning to judges and clerks to be wary of tactics that target the poor and minorities, including setting bail amounts beyond reason for charges filed and using bench warrants as a way to make money. Imagine if every court in the country took the same steps Ferguson did. People wouldn t have to be afraid every time they see a police officer.  Why do seem nervous  could be eliminated from a cop s line of questioning when they pull someone over. What police call  routine traffic stops  of people they know have warrants for outstanding fines after running their tags could be eliminated from the for-profit system.Ferguson basically hit the reset button. With the help of our president s Justice Department, maybe other courts in low-income neighborhoods will follow suit.Featured image from Wikipedia",0
7505, Why A Wall Street Investor Endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders,"Asher Edelman inspired the character Gordon Gekko in Oliver Stone s 1987 film, Wall Street, played by Michael Douglas. The infamous stockbroker, who made a fortune buying and selling companies in distress, was recently asked on CNBC s Fast Money, who he would endorse for Bernie Sanders. His answer was surprising, but his reasoning is not: Bernie Sanders, no question,  said Edelman. ,  I think it s quite simple again. If you look at something called  velocity of money  That means how much gets spent and turns around. When you have the top one percent getting money, they spend five-ten percent of what they earn. When you have the lower end of the economy getting money, they spend a hundred, or a hundred and ten percent of what they earn. As you ve had a transfer of wealth to the top, and a transfer of income to the top, you have a shrinking consumer base, basically, and you have a shrinking velocity of money. Edelman argued redistributing wealth, especially at the point we are at now with levels of income and wealth inequalities continually growing, is what is best for the economy. Greed and corruption may allow the wealthiest to gain short term profits, but as the middle class disappears and the working class becomes ever burdened, the economy begins to sputter into stagnation.Senator Bernie Sanders  economic policies aren t radical, socialist, or unrealistic. They are simply what is needed to be implemented to fix a broken, rigged economy. Edelman may be a member of the top one percent, but he is intelligent enough to realize trickle down economics doesn t work, and the Republicans who insist on perpetuating economic policies surrounding that myth continue to damage the United States economy.The rich getting richer don t create jobs, customers do. If there aren t any customers to purchase goods and services, such as a middle and working class who earn enough to have disposable income, the economy will falter.Featured image via Addicting Info archives",0
7506, This Man Has Spent A Decade In Prison Because His Court-Appointed Attorney SLEPT Through His Trial,"Nicholas Ragin has spent a decade in prison because his court-appointed attorney slept through his 2006 trial. This week, his 30-year sentence has been thrown out by the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, in Richmond, Virginia.Nicholas Ragin has waited a long time for justice. When he was first indicted in 2004, like so many Americans caught up in the justice system, he could not afford a lawyer to defend himself against the charges. Instead, he was appointed a public defender named Nikita V. Mackey.These were serious charges. Ragin and several others stood accused to running a prostitution ring in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was alleged that girls as young as 14 were being pimped out for $200 a night. Six women testified to being trapped in the service of Ragin and his alleged accomplices. This case demonstrated how devastating prostitution, drug trafficking and gun toting can be for the Charlotte community,  U.S. Attorney Gretchen Shappert said in a written statement.  The victims were preyed upon by individuals with no regard for their dignity. It took until 2006 for the case to go to trial, and all four of the accused were sentence to a mandatory 10 year sentence with the possibility of life behind bars.However, we would never know if the conviction was sound, due to the appalling behavior of Ragin s court-appointed attorney. Judge Roger Gregory of the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that Ragin s conviction for conspiracy and racketeering can be overturned, as he did not receive the defense he is due under the U.S. constitution. In his written decision, the Judge stated: We hold that a defendant is deprived of his Sixth Amendment right to counsel when counsel sleeps during a substantial portion of the defendant s trial. Nicholas Ragin s Sixth Amendment right to counsel was violated not because of specific legal errors or omissions indicating incompetence in counsel s representation but because Ragin effectively had no legal assistance during a substantial portion of his trial, Attorney Peter Adolf testified at the appeal that during Ragin s trial, the Judge: leaned into his microphone, because we were all sitting there and (Mackey) wasn t moving and said,  Mr. Mackey  . . . very loudly. Mackey then jumped up and sort of looked around and was licking his lips and moving his mouth and looked sort of confused and looked all over the room,  .Despite this clear ineffective assistance of counsel, Ragin s trial proceeded to conviction, without the Judge or any other authority stepping in to uphold due process.What s worse, is that Mackey has form. According to the New York Daily News:He resigned from Charlotte Police Department after 14 years as a cop when facing accusations that he falsified time sheets.Remarkably, four years later Mackey was elected as sheriff for the same police department, but the state quickly overturned it after a local news investigation uncovered questionable voting tactics.Mackey has bungled other legal cases, too, like when he failed to appear in court for two separate trials in 2007 and 2008 and once caused a client s adoption to fall through because he failed to communicate with them about the legal process.His job performance shortcomings aside, he was elected in 2008 as a North Carolina state representative and served two years in office.In 2010, the North Carolina bar suspended his license for three years for failing to pay taxes, despite his LinkedIn page saying he is a tax attorney.And so, Ragin s conviction has been overturned. Either an innocent man has spent 10 years in jail for a crime he did not commit, or a guilty man has been freed. Either way, the justice system has failed, catastrophically. And not just this once.As John Oliver highlighted during a 2015 episode of  Last Week Tonight , even a gifted and determined public defender is unlikely to be able to offer up any kind of decent defense due to the hideous working conditions placed upon them. Many are being loaded up with 1,000 cases per year   that s three cases per day: With caseloads that heavy, public defenders cannot possibly prepare an effective defense,  Oliver said. A study in New Orleans, a few years back, found the city had some part-time defenders who could only spend an average of seven minutes per case. And that is not long enough to prepare anything. If I only had seven minutes to prepare this show, I would definitely not be talking about public defenders right now. I d be desperately trying to fill time right now by listing the Muppets in order of f*ckability. Those familiar with the Adnan Syed case made famous by Serial and later, the Undisclosed Podcast, will be familiar with the issues around ineffective assistance of counsel, and the devastating impact it can have on whole communities. Syed has spent 17 years in jail for the 1999 murder of his ex-girlfriend Hae Min Lee, in a case founded on so many inaccuracies and prejudices that it simply beggars belief that he was in jail longer than a day.The issue of whether we think a person is innocent or guilty of the crime is secondary to the issue of our justice system failing to deliver effective trials. Particularly to people who cannot afford to pay for their own defense. Without that guarantee, we do not have a justice system. We have a justice system for the rich, where the accused is presumed innocent until or unless they are found guilty. For everyone else, we have plea bargaining system   where guilt is presumed, and it is simply a matter of negotiating the penalty. Not only does this strip people of their freedom, but in many states, their right to vote.While this situation is allowed to continue, the U.S. Justice system will continue to lag behind the rest of the developed world   and Americans will continue to be denied justice.Featured Image via Mecklenburg County",0
7507," KY Goes Back To The ’50s, Advances Bill To Discriminate Against Interracial Couples","The Loving v. Virginia Supreme Court decision in 1967 effectively made interracial marriage legal, and forbade discrimination on the grounds of disagreement and bigotry against such marriages. This is the year 2016, so you d think this would be an issue that is in the dustbins of history at this point, right? Wrong. Kentucky is taking us all back to the dark days of legalized segregation and racial discrimination, as their state legislature is currently advancing a bill that would legalize discrimination against interracial couples. The bill, called SB 180, says in part: Protected activities  means actions by people commissioned, employed, hired, retained, or otherwise used by the public or the government to provide customized, artistic, expressive, creative, ministerial, or spiritual goods or services, or judgments, attestations, or other commissions that involve protected rights;  Protected activity provider  means a person who provides protected activities; and  Protected rights  means the rights of persons to be free from governmental actions that impair, impede, infringe upon, or otherwise restrict the exercise of any right guaranteed by the United States Constitution or the Constitution of Kentucky, including but not limited to a person s right of conscience, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and right to peaceable assembly.So in other words, if your boss is a racist and finds out your spouse is of a different race from you, he can fire you. The bill is obviously aimed LGBT people, but it is so broadly worded that at this point, it could mean literally anything   including and especially related to interracial dating and marriage. The worst part of it all is that these people can hide behind  religious beliefs  to discriminate, and there is no provision in the bill for legal recourse on the part of the victims of this discrimination.And if you think this won t happen, think again. There are still PLENTY of people who oppose  race mixing  and anything they perceive to be against the bible in that arena. This will truly turn back the clock on civil rights like we ve never seen before if this horrendous bill becomes law.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
7508, Kansas Republican Bill Would Give GOP Power To Impeach Judges Who Disagree With Them,"If Kansas Republicans have their way, they will have the power to impeach state Supreme Court judges who disagree with the conservative agenda.A Kansas Senate committee has already recommended SB439 for passage so it can be voted on by the full Senate, which is controlled by conservatives.According to the Kansas City Star, the bill  would make  attempting to usurp the power  of the Legislature or the executive branch grounds for impeachment. In other words, if a judge rules a law passed by the Republican-controlled state legislature unconstitutional, Republicans would legally have the power to then impeach that judge and replace him or her with a judge who will rule the way Republicans want them to rule.Governor Sam Brownback and his Republican cohorts in the statehouse have had their schemes to defund public schools foiled by the state Supreme Court in recent years after the GOP tried to use the funds to pay for a disastrous budget shortfall created when Brownback gave rich people a massive tax cut.So far, the state Supreme Court has blocked such a move as unconstitutional since the Kansas Constitution plainly states that the  legislature shall provide for intellectual, educational, vocational and scientific improvement by establishing and maintaining public schools, educational institutions and related activities which may be organized and changed in such manner as may be provided by law. Furthermore, the Kansas Constitution says the  legislature shall make suitable provision for finance of the educational interests of the state. That means the Kansas Supreme Court has made the right call by denying Brownback and Republicans the ability to screw over the public school system to benefit the wealthy.But if Republicans pass this bill into law, they would be able to overthrow the judicial branch so they can pass whatever laws they want even if they are unconstitutional. They would be effectively rigging the court in their favor.And Kansas Republicans haven t exactly made this a secret.The Star reports:Impeachment has  been a little-used tool  to challenge judges who strike down new legislation, said Republican Sen. Dennis Pyle, a sponsor of the measure.  Maybe it needs to be oiled up a little bit or sharpened a little bit. Courts have the ability to harm society with their decisions,  GOP state Senator Mitch Holmes claimed in defense of the bill according to the Topeka Capitol Journal.  And impeachment was what our founders intended to be a check and a balance on an unchecked system, or what has evolved into an unchecked system. But once again, Republicans are wrong. Not only is their bill unconstitutional on the grounds that the state constitution does not list disagreement as a legitimate reason for impeachment, it would make the court system a puppet institution with the sole purpose of allowing Republicans to do whatever they want in the legislative and executive branches without a judicial branch that can check their power. Basically, it is the executive and legislative branches that would become an  unchecked system. Article 2 of the state constitution clearly states grounds for impeachment.The governor and all other officers under this constitution, shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.So unless Republicans want to literally make disagreeing with them a crime, which would violate the First Amendment and the independence of the judiciary, they would be well-advised to trash this bill and never let it see the light of day again.This is the exact kind of government overreach that Republicans have hypocritically whined about for decades, and yet here they are trying to overthrow the state Supreme Court so that Brownback can stack it with judges who will do his bidding. Just imagine if this scheme actually worked. How long would it be before Republicans try the exact same thing at the federal level so that they can keep the court conservative forever? This is serious power play that needs to be squashed by the people of Kansas before they no longer have a fair court system to rely on. Featured image via LiberalBias.com",0
7509, Fired Up Hillary Clinton Tells Dems How To Crush Trump,"A fired up Hillary Clinton addressed members of the Democratic Party at a dinner in Columbus, Ohio two days before the primary there, and issued a call to rhetorical arms for the battle against Donald Trump and his racist and bigoted presidential campaign.Clinton went on the record with some of her strongest comments about the reality star turned Republican presidential front runner, just two days after his violent supporters caused the cancellation of a campaign rally in Chicago. Donald Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, for one reason: to get votes,  she said.  He s encouraging violence and chaos to get votes. He is pitting Americans against each other to get votes. As the Washington Post reports, Clinton s comments mark a  sharp escalation  in the tone of the former Secretary of State s about Trump. And she wasn t done there. After stoking every fire he can think of, Trump encourages his supporters to beat up anybody who disagrees with him   literally punch them in the face   and then offers to pay their legal bills,  Clinton said.In 2012 when President Obama successfully ran for re-election in an atmosphere of right-wing demagoguery, he often told audiences who booed at the prospect of Mitt Romney becoming president,  don t boo, vote.  Clinton offered her version of the phrase in her speech: You and I know Donald Trump is not who we are,  she said.  Of course, we can criticize and protest Mr. Trump all we want. But none of that matters if we also don t show up at the polls. She added:  If you want to shut him down, then let s vote him down. Some observers have worried that Democrats are not turning out to vote in the primaries in the same numbers as Republicans have been, and wondered if that will spill over to the general election, where Democrats have historically had a slight edge in turnout over the Republicans. But Trump s comments and overall campaign tone seem to have energized the core Democratic voters   women and minorities   needed to take the party s nominee to victory.Coupled with recent, direct denunciations of Trump s harmful rhetoric from Bernie Sanders as well, the left seems  fired up and ready to go. Featured image via Flickr",0
7510, Billionaire Liberal Governor Boosted State’s Economy By Taxing The Rich,"Many Republicans often argue raising the minimum wage or increasing taxes on the rich would kill jobs and hurt the economy, But Minnesota s Democratic Governor, Mark Dayton, completely debunked those arguments in practice.Dayton, a billionaire who s great-grandfather started Dayton s, which would later become Target, inherited a $6.2 billion deficit when he took office as the Governor of Minnesota in 2011 after Republican Governor Tim Pawlenty ran the state into the ground.Dayton was a former U.S. Senator, and of the few to vote against the Iraq War, but he left office disenfranchised with politics in Washington DC, as he felt his liberalism left his hands tied in terms of enacting meaningful legislative reforms.In his home state, he had much better success enacting liberal policies. Governor Dayton reduced the deficit and increased tax revenue by taxing individuals who made more than $150,000 two percent more, from 7.85 percent in state income tax to 9.85 percent, or over $2 billion in extra revenue for the state annually. He also increased the minimum wage and passed an equal pay for women law, despite conservatives in the state criticizing him for these efforts.The result was the creation of over 170,000 new jobs to Minnesota s economy, which now has one of the highest employment rates in the country. The median income in the state is also $8,000 more than the national average. That multi-billion dollar budget deficit he inherited is also now a $1 billion surplus.In contrast, during the same time Wisconsin s Republican Governor Scott Walker broadened poverty levels to the highest they have been in decades by decreasing taxes on the wealthy. Trickle down economics is a myth perpetuated by Republicans that continues to damage our economy and increase poverty. Any conservatives who maintain these arguments should just be pointed to the success Democratic Governor Mark Dayton has had in boosting Minnesota s economy with his progressive reforms, and he implemented them with a Republican controlled State Legislature for his first two years in office. The publication Mother Jones dubbed him the most successful governor in the country in 2015.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7511, President Obama Hilariously Skewers Trump’s Hateful Rhetoric In Thunderous Speech (VIDEO),"President Obama took aim at Donald Trump and his violent racist rhetoric on Saturday, and it makes us wish he could run for a third term. America is pretty darn great right now,  Obama thundered in Dallas in a direct rebuke of Trump s campaign claim that American has somehow gotten worse over the last eight years. America is making strides right now! America is better off than it was right now! The American people should be proud of what we have achieved together in the last eight years since the recession hit. We are great right now. Obama then went after Trump and the other GOP candidates for turning the election into a childish circus where lies reign over facts and violence against other Americans is encouraged, something that has led to multiple clashes between Trump supporters and protesters. What the folks who are running for office should be focused on is how we can make it even better   not insults and schoolyard taunts and manufacturing facts, not divisiveness along the lines of race and faith. Certainly not violence against other Americans or excluding them. We re a better country than that. Here s the video via YouTube.But President Obama was not done yet. As the crowd laughed, Obama turned Trump and his multiple business scams into a punchline. Imagine what Trump would say if he actually had a record like this instead of selling steaks,  Obama quipped. Has anybody bought that wine?  Obama asked the audience.  I want to know what that wine tastes like. I mean, come on, you know that s like some $5 wine. They slap a label on it, they charge you $50, saying this is the greatest wine ever. Come on! And then President Obama lambasted Republicans for saying how shocked they are over Trump s racist rhetoric, reminding them that their front-runner is the same guy who would not drop his obsession with Obama s birth certificate. Republicans didn t say anything then, Obama pointed out, because Trump s rhetoric was not aimed at the GOP like it is now.Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, the Republican Party and Fox News built the monster that is now taking over the party and invited white supremacists to take a prominent seat next to him.Trump s status as front-runner should be the end of the Republican Party as a legitimate political organization, but it appears Trump is merely replacing it with a fascist organization that will be even worse. In their desperation to oppose President Obama at every turn using hate and fear to gin up opposition and extremism, Republicans created the atmosphere for someone like Trump to rise and thrive and now they are paying the price for it. And so is America. One wonders how long it will be before even Republicans wish that President Obama could stay in office for another four years.Featured image via video screen capture",0
7512, WATCH: Powerful Video PERFECTLY Explains How And Why Trump Is Manipulating White People,"One of the greatest strategies to gain and hold power over a large population is to pit groups against one another. Divide and conquer. It s a strategy that has been used since the beginning of time as the wealthy elites, knowing they are few in numbers, but large in political sway, can manipulate a populace to their liking so that they remain in power. It s a strategy still being used to this very day, and can be seen in full swing within the Donald Trump campaign.Donald Trump has been using this us vs. them strategy since the start of his campaign. He s made a group of working and middle class blue-collar folks think that the problems in this nation stem from  the other.  The people who aren t just like them. That if those people weren t around, all of their problems would disappear. It s a mind game played by the wealthy and powerful to make groups of people do their bidding for them.This strategy is especially successful when dealing with a group of people who somehow sees themselves as better than another group. And in the video you re about to watch below, author and activist Tim Wise explains this strategy perfectly. He points out that this has been a strategy used on working class whites, especially in the South for as long as one could possibly remember. The wealthy purchased black slaves, stopped hiring the poor working class white workers because they would need to get paid, and then blamed the problems of the poor working class white workers, including lack of jobs or income, on the black slaves. However, whose fault is it? Certainly not the slaves. However, this skillful manipulation to make it so black slaves would get blamed got the poor working class whites to utterly despise black people. It got them to join militias to suppress slave insurrections. It was the ultimate scam. Divide and conquer. Wise also explains that the Civil War was about states rights, sure, the rights for individuals in states to own slaves.Trump is using this same strategy blaming Mexicans and Muslims to rile up a base of poorly educated working class white folks who really just don t know any better. They ve had a rough go in life and Trump is successfully shifting blame from those on top who manipulate the system to  the other  yet again. He s giving these working class angry white people a reason to feel superior even though they are totally being manipulated. It gives them a sense of power and entitlement that is, in all honesty, a ruse.It s the ultimate in white privilege. When you can get people to believe that they are superior and deserve better and more just for being white, and if something is bad, blame the people who aren t white, or aren t Christian, or aren t heterosexual, or aren t Republican.Tim Wise, even recently, posted about how Donald Trump his encouraging hatred. He said in a Facebook post, regarding a story of a man who killed three people for not speaking English: This is the fault of nativist bigots like Donald Trump, encouraging hatred for anyone seen as insufficiently  American  (even someone who, as with one of these victims, was Puerto Rican and thus an American citizen   something probably neither the killer here nor Trump knows). This is the kind of America we re in store for, on a much larger level, if the Trump movement is not defeated resoundingly Quite honestly, you can watch this video ten times in a row and still want to watch it again. Wise hits the nail on the head. Bravo. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;Tim Wise Schools Audience On White PrivilegedTim Wise Schools Audience On White PrivilegedPosted by Reggie Hood on Friday, September 4, 2015Featured image via Max Goldberg (flickr)",0
7513, The 7 Biggest Republican Lies About The Economy Torn Apart In Three Minutes (VIDEO),"In two-and-a-half minutes, former U.S. Secretary of Labor Robert Reich destroys the seven biggest economic lies told by Republicans.In the short video, uploaded to YouTube by MoveOn, Reich uses facts to shred the Republican myth of trickle-down economics.While Republicans tell us that cutting taxes on the rich will spur economic growth and fuel job creation, the economic data tells a very different story. As Reich points out in the video, both Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush cut taxes on the rich, and  nothing trickled down. The result of Republican tax cuts for the rich have been the same across the states. GOP governors like Bobby Jindal and Rick Snyder have driven their states into economic ruin by imposing experimental trickle-down economic policies on citizens, with disastrous results.Along the same lines, Republicans claim that high taxes on the rich are bad for the economy. Yet history shows the opposite is true.Until 1980, taxes on the top earners in the U.S. were 70 percent. It wasn t until Republicans started cutting these tax rates that economic growth began to slow.Reich also tackles the myth that shrinking government creates jobs. The idea that we create jobs by firing people who already have jobs literally defies reason, but that hasn t stopped republicans from pushing it. It doesn t take much to destroy this lie.While republicans were remarkably silent about the national deficit while George Bush was in the White House, it suddenly became earth-shatteringly important on the day President Obama took office.Reich destroys the myth of deficit reduction as a top priority, explaining that the goal is to reduce the debt as a percent of the GDP, something that cannot be accomplished by slashing budgets all over the place.Reich also looks at how the rising cost of health care impacts the budget, busting the GOP myth that programs like Medicare and Medicaid are negatively impacting the economy.What s important to understand in relation to the health care debate is that government programs actually help slow the increase in health care costs for everyone.The right has been attacking social security as a  Ponzi scheme  ever since they figured out that there was a lot of money in the social security fund that they couldn t get their greedy little hands on.Is this true? Of course it s not. As Reich explains in the video, Social security is solvent for the next two-plus decades, and it would solvent for much longer if we lift the income cap.The video would not be complete if it didn t address the lie that lower-income people not paying taxes is horribly unfair to the rich.Watch the video below, courtesy of MoveOn on YouTube: While the video above was released in 2011, Republicans are still using these same debunked economic myths to press their disastrous agenda all across the country.As long as Republicans continue to try to repackage and sell these same old lies at election time, we ll be forced to keep debunking their myths time and time again.Image credit: wikimedia commons, video screen capture via MoveOn ",0
7514, CBS Reporter Describes Racism At Donald Trump Rallies,"CBS reporter Sopan Deb has been speaking out about the level of racism he has personally encountered at Donald Trump rallies.As Addicting Info reported here, Deb, a U.S. citizen of Indian descent, was arrested earlier this week while covering Donald Trump s canceled IUC rally.His unconstitutional arrest by Chicago police is now helping to draw attention to deeper issues that define the Trump campaign.Deb reports that he has encountered a shocking amount of racism from Trump supporters, during the time he has been assigned to cover Trump s rallies.For example, in January he describes a man accusing him of recording a Trump rally for ISIS. A Trump supporter just asked me at Reno event if I was taking pictures for ISIS. When I looked shocked, he said,  yeah, I m talking to you.  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 10, 2016He went on to describe the encounter in more detail, writing on Twitter,The man then repeated the accusation multiple times. I told him, politely, I was with CBS and that what he said was inappropriate.  Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) January 10, 2016The same man then told him  This is America, be glad you re here. I have a couple of guesses what he meant by that,  Deb said on Twitter.He says that during a different rally, held in December, another Trump supporter told him to  Go back to Iraq. It should come as no surprise to anyone to learn that Trump s rallies are a magnet for the lowest common denominator. If there is any sort of diversity among Trump s supporters, it s only in the slight difference between proud white supremacists with swastika tattoos, and semi-closeted racists, who prefer to hide behind crosses while crying that their  traditional Christian values  are under attack. Politically speaking, however, there s very little difference between the Tea Party platform, the platform of the American Nazi Party, that of the KKK or any other white supremacist organization.As the Washington Post reported here, membership in white supremacist groups grew at an enormous rate after the election of President Obama in 2008. There were 194 such groups in 2000, a number that dropped to 149 by 2008, but after President Obama s election, the number jumped to more than 1,000 Trump has capitalized on the right wing s seething race hatred, and in doing so, he s been propelled to the head of race.Knowing that, it s no surprise that the candidate has refused to condemn the KKK, or that white nationalists have been robocalling voters on behalf of his campaign.In 2016, voters will decide which direction our country will move in. Should Donald Trump, or any other right-wing racist win the presidency, racial tensions are likely to explode across the country.Now s the time to keep our country moving forward, challenging racism and right-wing extremism at every turn. A great battle was won during the historic 2008 election of President Barack Obama, but the war is far from over.Image credit: Darron Birgenheier via Flckr; screen capture, Sopan Deb via Twitter",0
