id,title,text,label
5234,17 Great Stories That Have Nothing to Do With Politics - The New York Times,"Welcome to Our Picks, a guide to the best stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. Check this space for the     article, the next great podcast for your commute, the   tweetstorm. And yes, we’re also tooting our own horn here. We’ll share can’  Times articles from the week and reveal some gems you might have overlooked. We want to hear from you! Send us feedback about our selections to ourpicks@nytimes. com. • There’s a town that has so many bald eagles, the locals call them pigeons. What the residents of Dutch Harbor, Alaska, now know all too well is that when you live among hundreds of bald eagles, the U. S. national bird becomes less majestic and more, well, annoying. [California Sunday Magazine] • If you’re planning on a hospital stay soon (and even if you aren’t) you should read and know these five ways to reduce costs. The most important? Don’t be afraid to ask questions. [Medium] • The people who created the . .. controversial Comic Sans font tell the story of how it came to be. [The Guardian] • Photographs of these Japanese commuters will make you glad that it’s the weekend. [Huck Magazine] • If you’re having trouble finding love on dating apps, perhaps you’re just not doing it right. Now, you can pay someone to ghostwrite your flirtatious Tinder messages. [New York magazine] • Winning isn’t everything. Read about why it’s important to focus on failure. [Ozy] • How does a product earn a “Made in the USA” label? It’s more complicated than you think. [How Stuff Works] • Good news out of Detroit. The “Motor City” has just surpassed Silicon Valley as a hub for   car research. [ReadWrite] • Four basketball players from across the world were recruited by a powerhouse New Jersey high school with promises of college scholarships, new homes and a better life. What they found instead was that promises are easily broken. [NJ Advance Media] • Why don’t men live as long as women? Blame it on the testosterone. The hormone does a lot of good things  —   it increases your metabolism and boosts your mood and libido  —   but for men it carries a price. [Nautilus] • Nan Talese is the editor for novelists such as Margaret Atwood and Ian McEwan. She broke through gender barriers in the literary world, “becoming one of the first female editors of literary fiction. ” She’s also married to famed writer (and former Times reporter) Gay Talese. Here, in a Vanity Fair profile that Ms. Talese initially resisted, the story of a complicated marriage between two brilliant literary minds and the professional rise of a woman unaccustomed to the spotlight. [Vanity Fair] • Music isn’t just about the lyrics. That’s why a growing number of sign language interpreters are infusing emotions and other visual cues into their interpretations of songs at live concerts. In this video, Amber Galloway Gallego shows us how it’s done. [Vox on YouTube] • One very thoughtful stepmother reckons with the evil archetype she stepped into with this Times Magazine essay. • So you’ve adapted to your home the “  magic” of tidying up,  and now you have a lot of clutter to sell. Here are eight apps and websites that can help. • In the early 1900s, Wrigley pitched its gum as being good for children’s teeth. Did you grow up with   wisdom that is now considered outdated? Tell us about it in the form at this link. • Nicholas Piazza keeps 600 pounds of hair in his Staten Island garage (“Russian hair cut right off people’s heads,” he said of two    braids). He’s one of the last Old World wigmakers in the city. These are not your     bobs. • A scientist studying “nutritional human cannibalism” during the Paleolithic era has been wondering for a decade, How nutritious are humans actually? Now we know. • We’ll let you in on a little secret. For the past year, a group of New York Times employees has been meeting to discuss one episode of one podcast a week. It’s like a book club, but for audio. Here’s a list of nine episodes we’ve discussed this year. Now, we’d like you to join The New York Times Podcast Club. We’ve started a Facebook group where you can join and chime in with your thoughts. Each Monday, we’ll post a new episode up for discussion. This week, we’re discussing all seven episodes of “ . ” Join the Facebook group ≫ Listen to “ ”: iTunes | Stitcher | RadioPublic",0
5235,Putin: Use of 'mythical' Russian military threat a ‘profitable business',"vladimir putin , Valdai , sochi , RBTH Daily Russian President Vladimir Putin. Source: Kremlin.ru 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the use of what he described as a ""mythical"" Russian military threat is ""a profitable business."" 
The Russian leader made this statement on Oct. 27 at a session of the Valdai international discussion club in Sochi. 
""Fabricated, mythical threats like the so-called Russian military threat are constantly repeated. This is, indeed, a profitable business to seek new budgets in countries and press allies to fit the interests of one superpower, expand NATO and bring the alliance’s infrastructure, combat units and military hardware to our borders,"" said Putin. 
""The truth is, however, that Russia is not going to attack anyone, that’s ridiculous,"" he continued.",0
5236,Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines - The New York Times,"Rosanne Bloom and her family had just settled into their seats on a flight from Philadelphia to Turks and Caicos Islands on Christmas morning when two airline employees ordered Dr. Bloom, her husband and two boys off the plane. Their luggage had already been removed. The problem? Dr. Bloom had informed the crew that her teenage sons had severe nut allergies. “I said, ‘We have our medicine. We brought our own food, and we’re comfortable staying on the plane.’ I offered to sign a waiver,” said Dr. Bloom, an orthodontist in Clarksville, Md. “We were off the plane in two minutes. ” Matt Miller, a spokesman for American Airlines, said such decisions are left to the pilot. “The pilot determined it would be best for the family not to travel based on the severity of the allergy and the need to divert the airline if anyone were eating nuts,” he said. Airline carriers have a long tradition of serving peanuts on flights, and often serve little else. But the practice also presents a challenge to travelers with severe nut allergies, who can suffer a reaction simply by touching a surface that has been exposed to nuts. But tensions between passengers with food allergies and airline staff members have risen in recent years, as airlines have begun to enforce stricter rules related to preboarding passengers. In the past, parents of young children could board the plane early, giving them a chance to wipe down seats, trays and armrests to reduce exposure to allergens. But today many airlines have stopped letting families with children board before other passengers. When families request permission to preboard  —   or pose another request, such as asking whether nuts will be served  —   they risk being taken off the flight or threatened with removal, said Mary Vargas, a lawyer whose family was almost kept off a plane from London back to the United States in December because of a nut allergy. Now families with nut allergies are waging a legal challenge against such policies. Two formal complaints filed with the Department of Transportation in the last month accuse American Airlines of discrimination against passengers with allergies. The complaints cite the airline’s preboarding policy, which  prohibits preboarding specifically for people with allergies, and not for others. “This is about being allowed to fly like everybody else in the United States,” said Ms. Vargas, the lawyer representing the families. Although nobody tracks medical emergencies on airplanes, studies show that   medical emergencies are relatively uncommon and affect only a fraction of the estimated 3. 6 billion passengers who fly each year. Chest pain and cardiovascular events are the most common reason planes are diverted for a medical emergency. Allergic reactions make up fewer than 4 percent of all   medical emergencies, according to a 2013 study published in the Western Journal of Emergency Medicine. Notably, American Airlines, which operates one of the largest fleets of planes in the world, does not even serve peanuts. But it does have a peanut policy, in which it states: “Requests that we not serve any particular foods, including tree nuts, on our flights cannot be granted. We are not able to provide nut ‘buffer zones,’ nor are we able to allow passengers to   to wipe down seats and tray tables. ” “Ultimately we cannot guarantee customers will not be exposed to peanuts or other nuts during the flight, and allowing people with nut allergies to preboard can create a false sense of security and does not eliminate risk,” Mr. Miller said. Individuals who suffer from severe,   food allergies can experience swelling and difficulty breathing after even a mild exposure. They usually carry an   which contains epinephrine, a medication that can reverse the symptoms. But in the case of a severe reaction, a person may still need urgent access to a medical facility. Research has shown that taking steps like creating buffer zones, in which nearby passengers are asked to refrain from eating nut products, and wiping down seats and trays may reduce the risk of an allergic reaction in flight. One of the complaints, filed on Dec. 28, is from Nicole Mackenzie, the mother of a    with   allergies to peanuts, tree nuts and seeds. She was not allowed to preboard to clean the seat before the family’s trip last fall from Portland, Ore. to Charlotte, N. C. The second complaint was filed on Jan. 10 on behalf of Food Allergy Research  Education (FARE) an organization that represents individuals with all kinds of food allergies. “American Airlines’s action was clearly discriminatory,” said FARE’s chief executive officer and chief medical officer, Dr. James Baker Jr. “It has a defined policy that they put on their website, and the only people they single out from preboarding are people with food allergies. ” Lianne Mandelbaum, whose son has allergies, tracks the experiences of travelers with allergies on her website, the No Nut Traveler. She said that each airline makes its own rules but that the policies are inconsistently enforced, so travelers often don’t know what to expect when they make travel plans. “It’s like playing Russian roulette,” said Michael Silverman, a psychologist in New York City whose    daughter, Sydney, has a severe allergy, but who is reluctant to raise the subject for fear of being kicked off a plane. The Department of Transportation is investigating the complaints, officials said, adding in an email that severe allergies are considered a disability under the Air Carrier Access Act, which regulates air travel, if they impact one’s ability to breathe “or substantially impact another major life activity. ” The nut industry has lobbied against restricting nut consumption on airplanes, and Congress has prohibited the Department of Transportation from imposing any restrictions. Some airlines are more accommodating to passengers with food allergies.  Jet Blue will create a   “buffer zone” around an allergic passenger. Southwest will avoid serving peanuts if flight attendants know an allergic passenger is on board. Delta’s policy is also to refrain from serving peanuts if an allergic passenger is onboard. But interviews with nearly a dozen families and young adults with severe allergies suggest that many people worry about being removed from a flight if they ask whether nuts will be served. Ana Govorko, a hospital administrator from Princeton, N. J. said that in July she and her teenage daughter and adult son were ordered off a Lufthansa jet bound from New York for Munich and Trieste, Italy. She had informed the gate attendant that her daughter has severe allergies and she was carrying medication. The family waited in the airport for seven hours, trying to find another flight, while airline employees, “were joking about her allergies,” Ms. Govorko said. “They were very rude. It was shocking. ” Ms. Govorko was able to get on another Lufthansa flight departing from Newark the next day. A Lufthansa spokeswoman, Christina Semmel, said that the Govorkos were allowed to fly after presenting a letter from her daughter’s physician, but Ms. Govorko says she had presented the letter when she tried to board the first flight. Laura Ilsley, a mother of two now living in Travis, Calif. had a similar experience last April, when she and her husband, who is in the military, were flying from Incirlik, Turkey, along with their son and    daughter, who is severely allergic to peanuts. When Ms. Ilsley informed Air France of her daughter’s allergies, the airline’s agents said the crew planned to serve peanuts and would not alter their plans, and said the family was “not welcome on board,” Ms. Ilsley said. Eventually, an Air France manager was able to get the family on a Delta flight, where the crew made an announcement that a child with a severe allergy to peanuts was on board and that pretzels and cookies would be offered instead. “The staff was very kind and it went off without a hitch,” Ms. Ilsley said. In a statement, Air France said the flight crew had “determined it was not in the best interest of the passenger to board the flight on such short notice,” and that “the case was handled with concern for passenger safety as the top priority. ” Dr. Silverman’s daughter, Sydney, said she actually had a very good experience when she flew on Delta from Palm Beach, Fla. back to New York City over the Martin Luther King weekend. A flight attendant noticed she was wiping down her seat and asked if she was allergic to peanuts. Sydney said that she was, but that it was O. K. to serve nuts. Nevertheless, the attendant “turned to the people in the row in front of me and in back of me and asked, ‘Is it O. K. if I don’t serve you peanuts on the flight?’ And they all said yes,” Sydney said. “And then she went on the intercom and said they weren’t going to serve peanuts because someone on the flight has an allergy, and if people brought peanuts to please not eat them. “And it made me feel thankful,” she said. “No one’s ever done anything like that before. ”",0
5237,Google Mob Violence – In Iowa!,"Migrant Crisis Disclaimer 
We here at the Daily Stormer are opposed to violence. We seek revolution through the education of the masses. When the information is available to the people, systemic change will be inevitable and unavoidable. 
Anyone suggesting or promoting violence in the comments section will be immediately banned, permanently. Daily Stormer Presents: Dr. David Duke ÂŠ Copyright Daily Stormer 2016, All Rights Reserved",0
5238,None of Us Are Safe From Getting ‘Owned’ - The New York Times,"In the escalating rhetoric of public shaming, being embarrassed online is tantamount to being wiped from the face of the earth. Whenever a   host upbraids a public figure in a monologue or a pundit bests another in a Twitter fight, onlookers crowd around to declare the loser DESTROYED! or EVISCERATED! or ETHERED! or ANNIHILATED! But alongside these symbols of destruction has risen another, more apt metaphor for the dynamics of the modern media power play. In this one, the defeated party wasn’t killed, but possessed: They got OWNED. When the white nationalist Richard Spencer approvingly posted a song from “Cabaret” on Twitter in March, former Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander swooped in to say: “Hey, buddy, that song you love was written by my uncle. He’s been married to my other uncle for 40 years. And he’s a Jew. ” A Twitter bystander waded into Spencer’s mentions and observed: “You get publicly owned with astonishing frequency, it’s really wonderful. ” Ownage can be politically urgent or purely irreverent. When the Slate editor Gabriel Roth complained about  ’u200bWebster Dictionary’s overly   attitude toward changes in usage  —   “I feel like @MerriamWebster is turning into the ‘chill’ parent who lets your friends come over and get high,” he wrote on Twitter  —   the account replied: “No one cares how you feel. ” Dozens piled on to rub it in: “You got owned by the dictionary. ” On the internet, where rhetorical victories are so fleeting, the phrase is oddly satisfying: It’s a passing but dramatic staking of argumentative ground. “Owned” is borrowed from hacker slang. If you got owned, that meant some hacker jimmied the lock on a virtual back door, snooped around your property and rifled through your stuff. The word speaks of a literal possession: annexing another person’s virtual space and stealing private information. But “you got owned” also animates a simple theft with a violent spark. Owning someone isn’t just about taking his things it’s about diminishing him as a person. With enough specialized technical knowledge, you can actually seize control of another human being, or at least the person’s virtual presence. Among hackers, ownage often works as a form of community discipline. In the early aughts, underground online zines like Zero for Owned  —   ZF0 for short  —   emerged as sites for hackers to detail how they broke into the systems of prominent security professionals and fellow hackers to shame them for overstating their skills. “We believe actions speak louder than words,” the first issue of Zero for Owned announced. “While you were talking trash, we were sifting through your files, reading your conversations, owning more boxes”  —   computers  —   “on your networks, and you had no idea. ” The zines spread around their targets’ website code and personal communications as punishment. By finding gaps in the technological skill of famous hackers, the creators of these zines justified the release of the private information the hackers had failed to protect. Now, as information security has become increasingly central to both global politics and personal relationships, “owned” has migrated from the online underground to the mainstream. There has never been a stronger relationship between who we are perceived to be and what kind of information we have. Recent concerns over “filter bubbles,” “fake news” and political memes churned out by Russian trolls lay bare the fact that our beliefs are controlled by the data we consume. Information silos make us vulnerable to being owned not only because of our ignorance  —   the things we don’t know  —   but also because of how little control we have over the things we do know. We’re constantly open to exposure. The hacking and release of emails from Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, and from the Democratic National Committee didn’t reveal any bombshells, but they succeeded in scandalizing through the simple act of making the private public. Now President Trump tweets conspiratorially about “leaks” and “wiretapping,” fixated on the idea that his political rivals have acquired or released his secrets  —   and obsessed with the suggestion that he is somehow an illegitimate president. The threat of getting owned  —   being revealed as oblivious, uninformed or incompetent  —   works like a virtual Panopticon to keep people in a state of anxiety, keen to guard their own insecurities as they poke at other people’s flaws. For thinkers throughout history, owning things was seen not just as useful and pleasant, but also as a source of human virtue. Aristotle argued that “the meaner sort of workman,” by virtue of his lack of possessions, was “too degraded” to participate in politics and contribute to society. Hegel thought that owning things was a way for people to externalize their personal freedom. “It is in possession first of all that the person becomes rational,” he wrote in “Philosophy of Right. ” And of course there is the obvious strangeness in talking about people “owning” one another online in a nation where, for a very long time, people did own other people  —   and where many of them argued that this was an ennobling endeavor for everyone involved. The antebellum statesman John Calhoun defended owning slaves as a “positive good. ” More recently, our celebration of ownership has pointed inward. We speak approvingly of “coming into one’s own” or “being one’s own person. ” To be “ ” is to be confident and poised. Ownage just turns that   back outward: Now we wield our superior knowledge and skills over our rivals. In the hacking context, owning someone is all about a display of superior technological abilities. When the word migrated from hacking to gaming, “owned” became a mantra for those who had mastered the game play or bested opponents. Now it extends to rhetorical force  —   a   and withering joke or an irrefutable debate line. After the “Saturday Night Live” comedian Leslie Jones was hacked  —   her private photographs were stolen and spread across the web  —   Complex magazine’s Daniel Barna said that she “owned her hackers” in an “S. N. L. ” monologue. Ownage radiates power. “Owned” and its derivative, “pwned” (pronounced any number of ways, but mostly “poned”) are bits of leetspeak  —   “leet” as in “elite. ” If pidgin languages create a simplified slang to foster   communication, leetspeak deliberately complicates the root language, replacing letters with numbers and symbols and swapping characters. It’s an ideal code for people who believe their mastery of the internet has raised them to a higher plane of existence. “Pwnage” creates an   and an   and furthers the fetishization of specialized knowledge down to the level of casual conversation. The mainstreaming of “owned” has always come with a bit of a wink, an acknowledgment that those most eager to lord their superior knowledge over others often have the biggest blind spots. That was the dynamic that fueled the hacker zines, in which the owners got owned. As the usage of “owned” spread, it also was mixed with stereotypes of hackers and gamers as being socially awkward. That underlying paradox of the gamer persona fueled the   web series “Pure Pwnage,” which followed a kid named Jeremy who was highly skilled at video games but a failure at real life. Now ownage communicates dominance, but it also belies an underlying impotence. All of this has set the stage for ownage’s latest twist: the rise of the  . If an own exposes another person’s ignorance, a   reveals your own obliviousness. During the campaign, Bobby Jindal tried to insult President Trump on Twitter but ended up suggesting that only fools would donate to Jindal’s campaign: “We have met. You wrote a check. A fool  his money are soon parted. A fool  his dad’s money are parted sooner. ” Jindal owned himself. Recently Trump’s White House communications team circulated a flattering Washington Post article about how great the president’s budget was  —   headlined “Trump’s Budget Makes Perfect Sense and Will Fix America, and I Will Tell You Why”  —   except the article was satirical. That was a presidential  . The most successful ownage finds hubristic targets, people who think they know more than they do. But ownage is itself a hubristic act  —   it turns knowledge into a tool for exploiting another person’s lack thereof. Owning someone sets you up to be owned yourself, sometimes in the same breath. The    —   and a related concept, “You played yourself,” the refrain of the motivational Snapchat user DJ Khaled  —   is a double entendre. In the   you let yourself down by being so nakedly yourself. You fail, in the end, by being you.",0
5239,Text of F.B.I. Director’s Remarks on Investigation Into Hillary Clinton’s Email Use - The New York Times,"Following is the prepared text of remarks by Director James B. Comey on the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s personal email system, as released by the F. B. I. Good morning. I’m here to give you an update on the F. B. I. ’s investigation of Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email system during her time as secretary of state. After a tremendous amount of work over the last year, the F. B. I. is completing its investigation and referring the case to the Department of Justice for a prosecutive decision. What I would like to do today is tell you three things: what we did what we found and what we are recommending to the Department of Justice. This will be an unusual statement in at least a couple ways. First, I am going to include more detail about our process than I ordinarily would, because I think the American people deserve those details in a case of intense public interest. Second, I have not coordinated or reviewed this statement in any way with the Department of Justice or any other part of the government. They do not know what I am about to say. I want to start by thanking the F. B. I. employees who did remarkable work in this case. Once you have a better sense of how much we have done, you will understand why I am so grateful and proud of their efforts. So, first, what we have done: The investigation began as a referral from the Intelligence Community Inspector General in connection with Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email server during her time as secretary of state. The referral focused on whether classified information was transmitted on that personal system. Our investigation looked at whether there is evidence classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on that personal system, in violation of a federal statute making it a felony to mishandle classified information either intentionally or in a grossly negligent way, or a second statute making it a misdemeanor to knowingly remove classified information from appropriate systems or storage facilities. Consistent with our counterintelligence responsibilities, we have also investigated to determine whether there is evidence of computer intrusion in connection with the personal email server by any foreign power, or other hostile actors. I have so far used the singular term, “email server,” in describing the referral that began our investigation. It turns out to have been more complicated than that. Secretary Clinton used several different servers and administrators of those servers during her four years at the State Department, and used numerous mobile devices to view and send email on that personal domain. As new servers and equipment were employed, older servers were taken out of service, stored, and decommissioned in various ways. Piecing all of that back together  —   to gain as full an understanding as possible of the ways in which personal email was used for government work —  has been a painstaking undertaking, requiring thousands of hours of effort. For example, when one of Secretary Clinton’s original personal servers was decommissioned in 2013, the email software was removed. Doing that didn’t remove the email content, but it was like removing the frame from a huge finished jigsaw puzzle and dumping the pieces on the floor. The effect was that millions of email fragments end up unsorted in the server’s unused  —   or “slack”  —   space. We searched through all of it to see what was there, and what parts of the puzzle could be put back together. F. B. I. investigators have also read all of the approximately 30, 000 emails provided by Secretary Clinton to the State Department in December 2014. Where an email was assessed as possibly containing classified information, the F. B. I. referred the email to any U. S. government agency that was a likely “owner” of information in the email, so that agency could make a determination as to whether the email contained classified information at the time it was sent or received, or whether there was reason to classify the email now, even if its content was not classified at the time it was sent (that is the process sometimes referred to as “ ”). From the group of 30, 000 emails returned to the State Department, 110 emails in 52 email chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent 36 chains contained Secret information at the time and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification. Separate from those, about 2, 000 additional emails were “ ” to make them Confidential the information in those had not been classified at the time the emails were sent. The F. B. I. also discovered several thousand   emails that were not in the group of 30, 000 that were returned by Secretary Clinton to State in 2014. We found those additional emails in a variety of ways. Some had been deleted over the years and we found traces of them on devices that supported or were connected to the private email domain. Others we found by reviewing the archived government email accounts of people who had been government employees at the same time as Secretary Clinton, including   officials at other agencies, people with whom a secretary of state might naturally correspond. This helped us recover   emails that were not among the 30, 000 produced to State. Still others we recovered from the laborious review of the millions of email fragments dumped into the slack space of the server decommissioned in 2013. With respect to the thousands of emails we found that were not among those produced to State, agencies have concluded that three of those were classified at the time they were sent or received, one at the Secret level and two at the Confidential level. There were no additional Top Secret emails found. Finally, none of those we found have since been “ . ” I should add here that we found no evidence that any of the additional   emails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them. Our assessment is that, like many email users, Secretary Clinton periodically deleted emails or emails were purged from the system when devices were changed. Because she was not using a government account  —   or even a commercial account like Gmail  —   there was no archiving at all of her emails, so it is not surprising that we discovered emails that were not on Secretary Clinton’s system in 2014, when she produced the 30, 000 emails to the State Department. It could also be that some of the additional   emails we recovered were among those deleted as “personal” by Secretary Clinton’s lawyers when they reviewed and sorted her emails for production in 2014. The lawyers doing the sorting for Secretary Clinton in 2014 did not individually read the content of all of her emails, as we did for those available to us instead, they relied on header information and used search terms to try to find all   emails among the reportedly more than 60, 000 total emails remaining on Secretary Clinton’s personal system in 2014. It is highly likely their search terms missed some   emails, and that we later found them, for example, in the mailboxes of other officials or in the slack space of a server. It is also likely that there are other   emails that they did not produce to State and that we did not find elsewhere, and that are now gone because they deleted all emails they did not return to State, and the lawyers cleaned their devices in such a way as to preclude complete forensic recovery. We have conducted interviews and done technical examination to attempt to understand how that sorting was done by her attorneys. Although we do not have complete visibility because we are not able to fully reconstruct the electronic record of that sorting, we believe our investigation has been sufficient to give us reasonable confidence there was no intentional misconduct in connection with that sorting effort. And, of course, in addition to our technical work, we interviewed many people, from those involved in setting up and maintaining the various iterations of Secretary Clinton’s personal server, to staff members with whom she corresponded on email, to those involved in the email production to State, and finally, Secretary Clinton herself. Last, we have done extensive work to understand what indications there might be of compromise by hostile actors in connection with the personal email operation. That’s what we have done. Now let me tell you what we found: Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. For example, seven email chains concern matters that were classified at the Top   Access Program level when they were sent and received. These chains involved Secretary Clinton both sending emails about those matters and receiving emails from others about the same matters. There is evidence to support a conclusion that any reasonable person in Secretary Clinton’s position, or in the position of those government employees with whom she was corresponding about these matters, should have known that an unclassified system was no place for that conversation. In addition to this highly sensitive information, we also found information that was properly classified as Secret by the U. S. Intelligence Community at the time it was discussed on email (that is, excluding the later “ ” emails). None of these emails should have been on any kind of unclassified system, but their presence is especially concerning because all of these emails were housed on unclassified personal servers not even supported by   security staff, like those found at Departments and Agencies of the U. S. Government  —   or even with a commercial service like Gmail. Separately, it is important to say something about the marking of classified information. Only a very small number of the emails containing classified information bore markings indicating the presence of classified information. But even if information is not marked “classified” in an email, participants who know or should know that the subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it. While not the focus of our investigation, we also developed evidence that the security culture of the State Department in general, and with respect to use of unclassified email systems in particular, was generally lacking in the kind of care for classified information found elsewhere in the government. With respect to potential computer intrusion by hostile actors, we did not find direct evidence that Secretary Clinton’s personal email domain, in its various configurations since 2009, was successfully hacked. But, given the nature of the system and of the actors potentially involved, we assess that we would be unlikely to see such direct evidence. We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial email accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account. We also assess that Secretary Clinton’s use of a personal email domain was both known by a large number of people and readily apparent. She also used her personal email extensively while outside the United States, including sending and receiving   emails in the territory of sophisticated adversaries. Given that combination of factors, we assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton’s personal email account. So that’s what we found. Finally, with respect to our recommendation to the Department of Justice: In our system, the prosecutors make the decisions about whether charges are appropriate based on evidence the F. B. I. has helped collect. Although we don’t normally make public our recommendations to the prosecutors, we frequently make recommendations and engage in productive conversations with prosecutors about what resolution may be appropriate, given the evidence. In this case, given the importance of the matter, I think unusual transparency is in order. Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges. There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person’s actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past. In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. All the cases prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly intentional and willful mishandling of classified information or vast quantities of materials exposed in such a way as to support an inference of intentional misconduct or indications of disloyalty to the United States or efforts to obstruct justice. We do not see those things here. To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now. As a result, although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this, we are expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case. I know there will be intense public debate in the wake of this recommendation, as there was throughout this investigation. What I can assure the American people is that this investigation was done competently, honestly, and independently. No outside influence of any kind was brought to bear. I know there were many opinions expressed by people who were not part of the investigation  —   including people in government  —   but none of that mattered to us. Opinions are irrelevant, and they were all uninformed by insight into our investigation, because we did the investigation the right way. Only facts matter, and the F. B. I. found them here in an entirely apolitical and professional way. I couldn’t be prouder to be part of this organization.",0
5240,"If Clinton Goes Down, Loretta Lynch Will Go Down With Her","in: Government , Government Corruption , Special Interests Oh, Loretta. I’ll bet that AG Loretta Lynch is shaking in her boots right now, because when Hillary Clinton goes down, Lynch’s career will go down with her. Heck, maybe they’ll even be cellmates. Loretta Lynch’s ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney’s office. She left in 2002 and went into private practice, but returned to the Brooklyn office in 2010 at the behest of President Barack Obama. ( Here’s her official bio. ) In 2015, she was sworn in to become the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, taking the place of the blatantly corrupt Attorney General, Eric Holder , who will probably be most famous for his roles in the Fast and Furious operation, inciting racial tensions, and his mishandling of the Lois Lerner/IRS debacle. First, there was the secret airplane meeting with Bill Clinton It all started to publically go downhill for Lynch during the first investigation into Hillary Clinton’s carelessness with national secrets via her home email server . Right before FBI Director James Comey was to meet with Hillary Clinton to interrogate her about the subject, Lynch was busted having a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. The Washington Post reported: Clinton’s private, unplanned meeting with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at the Phoenix airport last week, coming at a time when the Justice Department should be nearing completion of its examination of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server for her emails as secretary of state, will inevitably — and negatively — affect public attitudes about that investigation… …Lynch has tried to make amends, though not without leaving some confusion in her wake. In a conversation Friday with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival, she insisted again that the conversation was innocent — about grandchildren and golf and such — and did not touch on the investigation of the emails. But she said she recognized that others would not see it that way. “The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,” she said. Lynch said that she would “be accepting” whatever recommendation the career prosecutors and FBI Director James B. Comey bring her — though she did not say she would remove herself completely from the case. She also said she had made that decision some months ago but was only now making it public. Of course, it was all much easier for Lynch to abide by the decision when Comey miraculously found that Hillary Clinton was not criminal in her negligence with national secrets. Now, though, people are asking questions about that ill-founded meeting. Judicial Watch has filed a lawsuit for “all records” related to the illicit meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton. “On June 29, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch is reported to have met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting.” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that during that meeting, Bill Clinton may have offered to extend Lynch’s position in the AG’s office during a Hillary Clinton administration. Then she blocked a congressional investigation into the notorious Iranian ransom payment. Last week, AG Lynch blocked a congressional investigation into the cash payments that the Obama administration made to Iran by pleading the Fifth. The Washington Free Beacon reported: Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon … …“It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people’s elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,” the lawmakers wrote. “Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.” “As the United States’ chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,” they stated. “The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.” How very judicial of her. Lynch tried to shut Comey up about the new investigation into the Clinton emails. Now, even the mainstream media can’t turn its head. Earlier I wrote about the fact that FBI Director James Comey made the decision on his own to go public about the new investigation into the Hillary Clinton emails. But let’s talk a little further about Lynch’s desperate attempts to shut him up. The New York Times reported that the Justice Department “strongly discouraged Comey” against releasing the information: The day before the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday. Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections. How interesting that it’s seen as “influencing the election” to investigate someone now but it wasn’t back when she was investigated and not charged. I’m not sure exactly how that works, but according to USA Today (emphasis mine), a “…federal official familiar with Comey’s decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney general’s advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday but felt compelled to act.” Do you remember Janet Reno? Poor Janet was another Attorney General who went down for the Clintons. She was also sworn in as AG under Bill Clinton, and many questioned her appointment at the time. According to a report in the Chicago Tribune : She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar’s wife, and so she has remained. She was ignorant and independent of insider D.C. and has stayed that way. Bill Clinton never much liked her and never confided in her, and she reciprocated. She became AG just in time to take the fall for the debacle in Waco , actually. According to History.com The Waco standoff had already begun by the time Janet Reno became the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993. She approved the FBI’s tear gas plan the following month, explaining that negotiations with the Branch Davidians had stalemated and that the children inside the compound were at risk. “We will never know whether there was a better solution,” Reno said in 1995. “Everyone involved … made their best judgments based on all the information we had.” Nonetheless, a Republican-led congressional report called her decision “premature, wrong and highly irresponsible.” She was also criticized when facts emerged contradicting some of her earlier statements. The Tribune post continued to discuss Reno’s position as a scapegoat: Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton–Whitewater, fundraising, Lewinsky, China espionage, etc. Clinton can’t afford the political beating he would take if he cashiered her. …But no such attorney general could have survived the Clinton scandals, much less survived them with her own reputation–and her department’s–intact. Attorney Generals who have anything to do with the Clintons don’t seem to fare too well. They end up so embroiled in Clinton scandals that they, too, are pulled down into the mire, regardless of what their intentions were when they started out. Lynch can see her future…and it has something to do with “Help Wanted” ads The last time Lynch was involved in the Clinton email kerfuffle, she promised to abide by FBI Director James Comey’s recommendation. I wonder if she’ll make that same promise this time? She really can’t, because if she does, it will show she was complicit with the Clintons the last time around, and also this time when she decried Comey’s release of information about the investigation. I wonder if she and Hillary Clinton will be able to get adjoining cells when/if the truth comes out. Article first posted at DaisyLuther.com Submit your review",0
5241,Chris Hedges and Tavis Smiley Discuss Popular Resistance and the Failure of Mainstream Media,"Chris Hedges and Tavis Smiley Discuss Popular Resistance and the Failure of Mainstream Media Posted on Nov 1, 2016 Chris Hedges speaking to Tavis Smiley via video. (Screen shot via PBS ) 
Last Wednesday, author and Truthdig contributor Chris Hedges joined Tavis Smiley on Smiley’s PBS talk show for a conversation about the current election, the impending threat of neoliberalism and the need for popular progressive movements. 
First, Hedges discussed the two main-party candidates, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Hedges said that Trump is “a man with very little self-control, not much intellectual depth, no real policy experience,” and noted that Clinton is “a creature of the establishment.” 
He continued: 
She’s emblematic of what, again, across the political spectrum, people have risen up against. 
And, therefore, she’s a very weak and a very dangerous political figure because as this assault continues on the poor, on working men and women, the shrinking middle class, she will become a lightning rod for this discontent.. 
Smiley asked Hedges, “So your neoliberal criticism notwithstanding, if she wins with what she interprets as a mandate and you don’t think she’s qualified to deal with these issues, what say you about how we at least go about holding her accountable?” 
“We have to build popular movements to push back,” Hedges declared, “because the system itself is not going to respond.” 
The conversation then turned to political representations of popular resistance. Smiley brought up the massive wave of support behind Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign, and asked, “What happens to those Bernie supporters who can’t make the turn on November 8?” 
“I am supporting the Green Party,” Hedges replied, “not because I think they can win, but because I look at Syriza, which is now the ruling party of Greece. Ten years ago, they were polling at four percent. I look at groups like Podemos in Spain. I think we have to build not only alternative movements, but alternative forms of political power to represent our interest.” 
Smiley and Hedges began to wrap up by discussing WikiLeaks and mainstream-media accountability. “What I have not seen as yet is a robust conversation about how we process what we read from WikiLeaks,” Smiley said. “Is Secretary Clinton right essentially that we ought to dismiss this and focus on the issue of who is hacking our emails and what it means if a foreign government is doing that?” 
Hedges responded: 
Well, I worked for many decades as a newspaper reporter, including 15 for The New York Times, and I was leaked all sorts of material by the U.S. government, by the French Intelligence Agency, even by the Israeli Mossad. And my job as a reporter was to determine whether the information that I had been leaked was true or untrue and then run it [or not]. 
Now people who leaked me this stuff were not leaking it because they love democracy or an open society. They were leaking it because it was in their interest to leak it. And whoever leaked this to WikiLeaks or wherever they got it, I don’t know, but that’s not the question. 
The question is, is this true? And it is a look at the inner workings of power, but I think you’re right. I think that much of the media has diverted attention from the content of the emails to speculate—and it does appear to be speculation—that this is an attempt by Russia to interfere in our elections. 
Finally, Smiley asked Hedges about the role of the media in the current election. Hedges argued that it was “deeply irresponsible” for mainstream media to rely on Trump’s personality to bring in viewers and higher ratings. 
“Actual discussion of content, of issues that matter to Americans, is very, very rarely heard in the press….The press has failed us on many levels,” Hedges said. 
You can watch the entire interview here .",0
5242,MILO: The Difference Between Conservatives and Democrats is ’We Don’t Think the Working Class is Evil’ - Breitbart,"Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO claimed that “the difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we don’t think the working class is evil,” during his talk at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight.[  “Working class Americans are fundamentally decent people,” declared MILO. “They are work hard, play hard people. They are very different than me, and frankly very different from most of you. No matter what background you come from, you shouldn’t look down on the working class, because they are what America is really about. ” “The difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we don’t think the working class is evil, or that they need to be controlled and taught how to think,” he continued. “They care about the same things as we do. A strong America, a great economy, jobs for them AND you all when you graduate, and a safe place to live. ” “The American dream is what fuels the working class. The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than they had,” MILO concluded. “At some point in the recent past, liberals decided that dreamers are illegal immigrants who should get cheap college tuition instead of hard working Americans who deserve more than shuttered factories. To those Americans, I say welcome to the party of Trump, it’s going to be a wild ride. ” Written from prepared remarks. MILO wears glasses by Givenchy, $350. Distressed blue jeans by True Religion, $329. Brown leather belt with gold buckle by Louis Vuitton, $450. Light pink dress shirt by Brooks Brothers, $92. Sparkly purple suit jacket by Angelino, $225. Burgundy crushed velvet slippers by Crockett  Jones, $370. Socks by Ralph Lauren, 3 pairs for $21. 98. Jewellery and pearls, too much money to count. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
5243,Israel Accuses U.N. Worker of Aiding Hamas in Gaza - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   Israeli prosecutors on Tuesday charged a Palestinian employee of the United Nations in the Gaza Strip with providing material assistance to Hamas, the Islamist group that controls the territory, including helping to build a jetty for its military wing. The accusations against the employee, Waheed Al Bursh, came after Israel leveled charges Thursday against a Palestinian employee of World Vision in Gaza, saying he had funneled millions of dollars to Hamas. Mr. Bursh, an engineer with the United Nations Development Program since 2003, was detained on July 3 by Israel’s internal security agency, the Shin Bet. Israeli news organizations reported that he had confessed to being instructed by Hamas officials to use his position to benefit the group. But Mr. Bursh’s relatives in Gaza insisted he was not involved with Hamas. The United Nations agency, which is helping rebuild thousands of homes and other buildings destroyed by airstrikes in Israel’s 2014   conflict with Gaza’s militant groups, said in a statement that it was “greatly concerned” about the allegations, had “zero tolerance for wrongdoing” and would cooperate fully with the Israeli authorities. The statement said the agency was reviewing “the processes and circumstances surrounding the allegations,” and noted that they appeared to involve only “seven truckloads out of a total of nearly 26, 000” bringing building materials into Gaza. But the indictment against Mr. Bursh  —   on the heels of the World Vision case and the revelation on Monday that the aid group Save the Children was investigating whether one of its Palestinian workers had been recruited by Hamas  —   raised broad questions about the vast network of humanitarian groups operating in Gaza. Emmanuel Nahshon, a spokesman for Israel’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said the government was “asking for more vigilance” from groups working in Gaza, where most of the population of 1. 8 million Palestinians relies on international organizations for food and other assistance. Already, World Vision has frozen its Gaza operations while investigations continue, and Germany and Australia have suspended their donations to the World Vision projects in the Palestinian territories. “Working in the Palestinian territories was hard before, and I can’t imagine what it is going to be like now,” said Ashley Jackson, a research associate with the Overseas Development Institute in London. Robert Piper, the United Nations’ coordinator for humanitarian and development activities, issued a statement on Monday  —   before the allegations against the agency engineer were made public  —   calling any misuse of aid “a profound betrayal. ” “Everyone would pay a high price for such acts,” Mr. Piper said. “If proven by a due legal process, these actions deserve unreserved condemnation Gaza’s demoralized and vulnerable citizens deserve so much better. ” The indictment contends that Mr. Bursh transferred 300 tons of construction rubble to a port that he knew would be used at some point by the Qassam Brigades, Hamas’s military wing. It says that he was contacted in April or May 2015 by Hosni Suleiman, an activist in the Qassam Brigades who was acting on behalf of a   Qassam member, Abu Anas  . It also accuses him of being in contact with two men referred to only by their last names, Rantissi and Radwan, two prominent   families in Gaza. The Shin Bet said in a statement that Mr. Bursh had also persuaded his managers to prioritize the rebuilding of homes in an area “populated by Hamas members,” and had notified Hamas activists when United Nations workers removing rubble uncovered openings of attack tunnels or entrances to   rooms so they could take control of the sites. An uncle of Mr. Bursh’s denied the charges. He said the engineer, who is from Jabaliya, a crowded neighborhood north of Gaza City, was a quiet family man whose wife had given birth to their seventh child while he was in detention. “If Waheed came to me and said, ‘I belong to a militant group,’ I would respond to him and say, ‘You are liar,’ ” said the uncle, who would give only his nickname, Abu Abed. Mahmoud Zahar, a Hamas leader in Gaza, said the group did “not rely on employees of international aid organizations for any needs of the resistance. ” He added that if the allegations are true, “then it is an individual act  —   we are not responsible. ” But Naji Sharrab, a political science professor at Al Azhar University in Gaza, said the idea of Hamas’s pressuring aid workers was not surprising because of its   on power in the territory. Hamas security forces can search or shut down offices, he noted, and can prevent people from entering or leaving Gaza. “Hamas has complete authority to interfere and control all the organizations working in Gaza,” he said.",0
5244,Original ’Diablo’ Campaign Added to ’Diablo III’ for Game’s 20th Anniversary - Breitbart,"Blizzard will be pushing out a “20th Anniversary” patch to Diablo III this week that will add the original Diablo campaign to the game, and it’s already getting a lot of attention.[  With patch 2. 4. 3, the Diablo III team will open a portal through the town of Tristram to where the franchise began. For a limited time, players will be able to travel to a recreation of the first Diablo game. The nostalgic journey comes complete with a pixelated visual filter,   camera restrictions, and forced walking, all in an attempt to recall the look and feel of the original. Even the sound effects have been pared down, made purposely tinny and repetitive in the spirit of 90s gaming. The patch brings other changes and additions, as hotly contested as anything changed in an online game. Between the official announcement, YouTube, and Reddit, you’ll find opinions as varied as “the thing happening with wizard for such a long time is a heresy. They should all be fired. Change this dev team,” to “i thought this was already out. ” Character changes are overpowered or underpowered, practically cheating or absolutely worthless, depending on who you ask. Many players are disappointed that the event won’t be around for more than a month, and others are looking for new free content that is more meaningful to the endgame. There are lingering concerns about the Necromancer class being released later this year, mostly because it won’t be free. If you were a fan of Blizzard’s original action RPG  —   or if you never had the chance to play it  —   this could be a great time to jump in on the latest game in the franchise. If you’re a devoted player looking for meaningful new content or dramatic balance adjustments, you may be a little less impressed. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
5245,"‘Silicon Valley’ Season 3, Episode 7: Stop, Beta Time - The New York Times","Until the last mouse click of “To Build a Better Beta,” Pied Piper has existed only in the abstract, with endless promise and limitless value. Richard’s compression platform could be worth billions. It could be the next Facebook. It could change the world. Alternately, it could be utterly worthless, one of the countless failed   that pile up in Silicon Valley like E. T. cartridges in a New Mexico landfill. As Erlich Bachman, the father of such stillborn incubees as Aviato and Nip Alert, says, “Shuttering a company in the Valley like a rite of passage, like herpes simplex one. ” The metaphor gets more disgusting from there. Sunday night’s episode opens with Richard feeling exposed. He has fought hard to get his idea off the ground, but there was a certain amount of comfort in not getting what he wanted. Action Jack’s push for a clunky data storage appliance may have insulted his vision of an elegant compression engine with mass utility, but he could still hide behind the box. If Jack had prevailed, Richard could grouse forever about how his brilliant algorithm was squandered by a   businessman and no one could question it. Bringing the pure, uncompromised Pied Piper into the world is a dream that nonetheless puts Richard on the precipice of a true, lasting, fatal disaster. “To Build a Better Beta” is about the release of the beta version of Pied Piper, which is an important period for any tech company to work out the kinks before an official launch. It’s not one of the funnier episodes this season, because there’s so much heavy lifting required from a plotting standpoint, but it touches smartly on themes of trust, friendship and the lies we tell our friends and ourselves. That’s the benefit of “Silicon Valley” constantly bogging down its characters with setbacks and   conflict: Their response clarifies who they are and brings their relationships into sharper focus. The good news for Richard is that almost everybody loves the platform, including one notoriously critical user who calls it the best beta he’s seen in 15 years in the Valley. A beaming Jared enthuses, “I don’t want to count our chickens before they’re hatched  —   I mean, 3 percent of hatchlings are born mutated or dead  —   but we may have a healthy brood on our hands. ” The bad news is that Monica, whose opinion he values the most, so dislikes it that she initially lies to him about ever trying it at all. Her reassurances are comforting: She passed on a 20 percent stake in Slack, which she still doesn’t get (“Is it email? Is it a chat room? ”) and besides, in this business, investing in people is wiser than investing in products. And yet her general complaint about Pied Piper feeling too “engineered” seems on point, given the distance between the   coding nerds on Richard’s team and the ordinary flesh sacks who would actually be using the platform. “To Build a Better Beta” makes a joke out of Dinesh and Gilfoyle’s failure to fill out a   invite list. It stands to reason that users would find their software   too. The guys at Pied Piper know code, but they don’t know people (or business or fashion or social cues or other   matters) which is in large part of what makes “Silicon Valley” so funny. Gilfoyle and Dinesh each have a cover for their personal dysfunction. Gilfoyle writes off the whole of humankind as inherently venal and untrustworthy: “It’s a war of all against all. The history of humanity is a book written in blood. We’re all just animals in a pit. ” (Jared’s deadpan response, “I feel very sad now,” may be the funniest moment of the episode.) Dinesh merely makes up friends in the dim hope that no one will try to verify them. These cool dudes are too busy “snowboarding in Tahoe” to answer questions about the beta. (As ever, Jared is sympathetic, recalling all the escape plans he hatched with his imaginary friend, Harriet Tubman.) So underneath all the lies told in “To Build a Better Beta,” there’s a pitiful, childlike vulnerability. Monica doesn’t want to hurt Richard’s feelings when his confidence is at its most fragile. Gilfoyle and Dinesh don’t want to admit that they’re the only true friends each has. Only Jared seems comfortable in his own skin, which he’s described as his “home” when he has no place to sleep. Now that they’re finally releasing Pied Piper to an internet of faceless, unsympathetic, often hostile users, they’ll be totally defenseless. The creators of “Silicon Valley” surely know the feeling. Bytes • The unraveling of Bachmanity continues apace, with Erlich and Big Head scrambling to recover $6 million in funds their devious money manager has tucked away for tax purposes. The succession of disastrous meetings gives T. J. Miller an opportunity to hold court, which is always comedy gold. I particularly liked Erlich’s upset mood over the poor recovery efforts on his missing tiki head. • The episode makes a subtle point about the total disregard Silicon Valley has for matters of privacy. Hooli finds out about the Pied Piper beta by spying on company email. Gilfoyle finds out about Hooli scamming an invite code through the “God view” he installed in the platform. The show doesn’t make them equivalent violations  —   Hooli’s is more nefarious, Pied Piper’s more useful  —   but it’s taken as a matter of course that privacy concerns are a joke in the tech world. • Big Head has lost his entire $20 million settlement, but he gets to keep both of the cannonballs he rented. He’s going to be O. K. •   isn’t my favorite character, but his presence as a Erlich’s unwelcome tenant and tormentor this season has been good for a few stray laughs, none heartier than his prank phone call in the seconds before launch. “Erlich Bachman, this is your mom. You are not my baby. ”",0
5246,"Amazon Moves to Cut Checkout Line, Promoting a Grab-and-Go Experience - The New York Times","SEATTLE  —   There is almost no aspect of retail that Amazon has not upended with online shopping. Now, the company is trying to computerize the experience of buying sandwiches and soda from the corner convenience store. In the latest in its expanding set of experiments involving    retail stores, Amazon has created a small grocery store in Seattle that will allow customers to pluck drinks, prepared meals and other items off shelves and walk out without having to wait in a checkout line, the company said. Amazon said on its website that a smartphone app and various other types of technology in the store had eliminated the usual bottleneck of cashiers and registers that typically stand between shoppers and the store exit. For now, only Amazon employees can shop in the    store, which is on the ground floor of one of the company’s new office towers in downtown Seattle. The company said that it planned to open the store to the public early next year and that it would offer   meal kits with ingredients for quickly preparing dinners at home. “Four years ago, we started to wonder: What would shopping look like if you could walk into a store, grab what you want and just go?” a narrator says in a video about the store concept, called Amazon Go, which the company posted online on Monday. Amazon did not say what its expansion plans were for Amazon Go. If they are anything like what the company has done with its other    stores, new locations will open elsewhere slowly over time as Amazon learns how customers use the first one. Amazon opened its first physical bookstore just over a year ago in a Seattle shopping mall. It has added others in the San Diego and Portland, Ore. areas and has said it will open new bookstores in Chicago and Boston. It is also working on another grocery store concept that would allow customers to order food items online and then pick them up quickly by pulling into parking stalls. Two such stores are under construction in Seattle, according to documents filed with the city’s planning department and people with knowledge of the effort who asked for anonymity because the plans were confidential. Pia Arthur, an Amazon spokeswoman, declined to comment on the grocery pickup locations. In the grand scheme of Amazon’s business, analysts consider the retail stores to be an infinitesimal portion of the more than $135 billion in sales expected from the company this year. But the plans reflect a growing recognition by the company that certain categories of shopping are unlikely to move completely online. In some cases, it is simply more convenient to buy items in a store or more attractive to browse for them on physical shelves. “The way we think about it is the size of online retail is going to continue to grow dramatically but there will always be an offline option,” said Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray. “They’re trying to streamline and capture a portion of that offline experience. ” Amazon still views technology as being useful in overhauling shopping in traditional retail shops. While the company has not said exactly how the Amazon Go stores will work, visitors will gain entry to them through a smartphone app. The company said the stores relied on a variety of technologies similar to those in   cars, including those defined by buzzwords such as “computer vision, sensor fusion and deep learning. ” Unanswered for now are questions about how the stores would handle shoplifting and whether there would be employees on hand to check identification cards for alcohol purchases.",0
5247,"Inside the Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump","Bernays affiliation with his kin, Freud, helped him establish his credentials as a manipulator. T he American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term “public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, “Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” Bernays’ influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it”. He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government”. Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by “us” – by the United States and Britain. They even have a media centre that is funded by Britain and America. Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. W hat is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was “vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell’s fabrications. The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, “What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” He replied that if journalists had done their job, “there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq”. It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question — Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7 th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francois Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande’s bombast about France being “at war” and “showing no mercy”. That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. “When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, “the silence is a lie.” The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. As WikiLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: “We would feed journalists factoids of sanitised intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” The West’s medieval client, Saudi Arabia – to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars’ worth of arms – is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs – “our” bombs – that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia — and with careers on the BBC, the Guardia n, the New York Times , the Washington Post . These organisations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. And they love war. While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call “regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi’s influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, “We came, we saw, he died!” The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian : “Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” Intervention — what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. According to its own records, Nato launched 9,700 “strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, “most [of them] under the age of ten”. As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times , the Washington Post and the Guardian , and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and Nato. This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington’s military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the Ruskies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. There is almost the joie d’esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behaviour and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America’s design for the 21 st century. This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, “I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it’s over.” That was not news. Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world – unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to “totally obliterate” Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. She has now pledged to support a No Fly Zone in Syria — a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime –a distinction for which the competition is fierce. Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way – in the Caucasus and eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8 th, If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton’s victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defence drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays’ “torches of freedom”. George Bush’s press spokesman once called the media “complicit enablers”. Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: “Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.” This is adapted from an address to the Sheffield Festival of Words, Sheffield, England. ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS • PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP. CLICK HERE TO VISIT. ABOUT THE AUTHOR John Pilger can be reached through his website: www.johnpilger.com Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? REMEMBER: ALL CAPTIONS AND PULL-QUOTES BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS. Print this post if you want. Share This:",0
5248,North Dakota Oil Pipeline Battle: Who’s Fighting and Why - The New York Times,"Updated on Dec. 2, 2016 Since the spring, thousands of people have gathered near Cannon Ball, N. D. to protest the construction of a an oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. The protests have occasionally resulted in violent clashes with law enforcement. During one tense confrontation last month, an explosion badly damaged one demonstrator’s arm in what was among the most serious injuries of the clashes. This week, as heavy snow blanketed the plains, Gov. Jack Dalrymple of North Dakota ordered a mandatory evacuation of the area where the demonstrations are taking place, as more activists have vowed to join the protest. Here is a look at how the battle over the   pipeline has become an environmental and cultural flash point, stirring passions across social media and drawing thousands of protesters to camp out in rural North Dakota. Native Americans from scores of tribes have been gathering outside Cannon Ball  —   a town in   North Dakota, near the South Dakota border  —   to protest the Dakota Access pipeline. Starting with members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, the protest has since grown to hundreds of people (estimates vary) most of them from Native American tribes across the country. Last month, hundreds clashed with law enforcement officials who used water to repel protesters in   weather, attracting more attention to the conflict. During that confrontation, Sophia Wilansky, 21, who grew up in the Bronx, suffered one of the most serious injuries of the movement, her arm badly damaged from an explosion whose origin remains in dispute. As many as 2, 000 veterans plan to join the demonstrators next week to serve as “human shields” against what they describe as a “militarized police force. ” In all, hundreds of people have been arrested since the protests began to attract widespread attention late this summer. The Dakota Access pipeline is a $3. 7 billion project that would carry 470, 000 barrels of oil a day from the oil fields of western North Dakota to Illinois, where it would be linked with other pipelines. Energy Transfer says the pipeline will pump millions of dollars into local economies and create 8, 000 to 12, 000 construction jobs  —   though far fewer permanent jobs to maintain and monitor the pipeline. Members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe see the pipeline as a major environmental and cultural threat. They say its route traverses ancestral lands  —   which are not part of the reservation  —   where their forebears hunted, fished and were buried. They say historical and cultural reviews of the land where the pipeline will be buried were inadequate. They also worry about catastrophic environmental damage if the pipeline were to break near where it crosses under the Missouri River. As of early December, the federal government was still not allowing the pipeline company to drill under the river to finish a critical section that would link the pipeline together. The Army Corps of Engineers said in   that it wanted to hear more from the Standing Rock Sioux, citing the importance of the water to the tribe as well as a long, painful history of lands’ being taken from the tribes. It is unclear whether the corps will ultimately allow or block the pipeline. It is also anyone’s guess when it will make a final decision. Yes. State and federal agencies have approved the pipeline, and some farmers and ranchers have welcomed the thousands of dollars in payments that came with signing agreements to allow it to cross their land. But others oppose the pipeline. In Iowa, one of the four states that the pipeline would traverse, some farmers have gone to court to keep it off their land. They say that Iowa regulators were wrong to grant the pipeline company the power of eminent domain to force its way through their farms. Most landowners in the   path of the pipeline through Iowa, however, have signed easements allowing it to be built across their land. The United States has a web of 2. 5 million miles of pipelines that carry products like oil and natural gas, pumping them to processing and treatment plants, power plants, homes and businesses. Most of the lines are buried, but some run above ground. While a natural gas line to a newly built subdivision is not likely to generate national controversy, proposed major pipelines like the Keystone XL, the Dakota Access or the Sandpiper in northern Minnesota have generated huge opposition from environmental groups and people living in their paths. Energy companies and their federal overseer, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, promote  the safety record of pipelines. Pipeline companies say it is far safer to move oil and natural gas in an underground pipe than in rail cars or trucks, which can crash and create huge fires. But pipeline spills and ruptures occur regularly. Sometimes the leaks are small, and sometimes they are catastrophic gushers. In 2013, a Tesoro Logistics pipeline in North Dakota broke open and spilled 865, 000 gallons of oil onto a farm. In 2010, an Enbridge Energy pipeline dumped more than 843, 000 gallons of oil into the Kalamazoo River in Michigan, resulting in a cleanup that lasted years and cost more than a billion dollars, according to Inside Climate News. In a 2012 examination of pipeline safety, ProPublica reported that more than half of the country’s pipelines were at least 50 years old. Critics cited aging pipelines and scant federal oversight as factors that put public health and the environment at risk.",0
5249,"Emboldened by Trump, Israel Approves a Wave of West Bank Settlement Expansion - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   In a pointed act of defiance against international pressure, Israel on Tuesday approved a huge new wave of settlement construction in the occupied West Bank. The announcement made clear that just a few days into the Trump presidency, the Israeli government feels emboldened to shake off the constraints imposed by the Obama administration and more willing to disregard international condemnation. Leaders from 70 countries met in Paris more than a week ago and issued a warning that the   peace solution was imperiled by Israel’s expanding of settlements in   territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, as well as violence against Israelis. But even though Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has endorsed the principle of    states, in the past few days Israel’s campaign of settlement building has only accelerated. The first step came on Sunday, when the Jerusalem City Council approved 566 new housing units in East Jerusalem that had been delayed over President Barack Obama’s objections. Then on Tuesday, the Israeli government announced that 2, 500 new housing units would be built in the West Bank. Officials said most would be built in “settlement blocs,” referring to areas of the West Bank that Israel has long intended to keep under any future agreement with the Palestinians, possibly in return for land swaps along the boundary that separated Israel from the West Bank before the 1967 war. But in years of failed negotiations, the Israelis and Palestinians have never agreed on the size or location of such blocs. The Israeli Ministry of Defense said 900 of the newly announced homes were being planned for Ariel, an urban settlement of about 20, 000 residents that Israel considers a “bloc,” but is strategically  —   and problematically  —   located in the heart of the West Bank. It also said it would bring to the cabinet a plan to build a large industrial zone to create work for Palestinians in the southern West Bank. “We are going back to normal life in Judea and Samaria,” Avigdor Lieberman, Israel’s   defense minister, said in a statement announcing the new settlement building, referring to the West Bank by its biblical names. Asked about the Israeli move, the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, said that Mr. Trump was still getting his team together and that there would be discussions with Mr. Netanyahu. “Israel continues to be a huge ally of the United States,” Mr. Spicer said. “He wants to grow closer with Israel to make sure that it gets the full respect that it deserves in the Middle East, and that’s what he’s going to do. Palestinian officials immediately denounced the new plans. “Once again, the Israeli government has proved that it is more committed to land theft and colonialism than to the   solution and the requirements for peace and stability,” Hanan Ashrawi, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization’s executive committee, said in a statement. “It is evident that Israel is exploiting the inauguration of the new American administration to escalate its violations and the prevention of any existence of a Palestinian state,” she added, calling on the United States and other international players to take concrete measures against Israeli settlement activities. Israel’s campaign of settlement construction has brought widespread criticism. A month ago, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as having no legal validity and constituting a “flagrant violation under international law” after the Obama administration decided not to veto the measure. Days later, the departing secretary of state, John Kerry, rebuked Israel’s settlement activities in an impassioned speech, saying, “The status quo is leading toward one state and perpetual occupation. ” But with Israel’s occupation of the West Bank in its 50th year, the Israeli government, dominated by   and religious parties, is clearly expecting a friendlier approach from the White House after years of tension with the Obama administration. David M. Friedman, the bankruptcy lawyer President Trump has nominated as his ambassador to Israel, has led a   arm of the settlement movement and has dismissed the idea of a Palestinian state alongside Israel. He has declared that he intends to work in Jerusalem, not Tel Aviv, where the American Embassy has been for decades, under the State Department’s insistence that the holy city’s status be determined as part of a broader deal between Israel and the Palestinians. It was not immediately clear whether the Israeli announcement had been coordinated in advance with Mr. Trump’s team. But beyond Mr. Netanyahu’s apparent attempt to chart a new course with Mr. Trump, he is also under intense pressure from the right flank of his governing coalition to demonstrate where his domestic loyalties lie. Naftali Bennett, the education minister and leader of the staunchly   Jewish Home party, has been goading the prime minister to seize the moment and take the extreme step of beginning a process of annexing the West Bank settlements to Israel. “Netanyahu is facing a historic decision: sovereignty or Palestine,” Mr. Bennett said on Monday. “We urge Netanyahu, don’t miss an opportunity that comes along once every 50 years. ” Mr. Netanyahu appeared to postpone any discussion of annexation: “This is no time for    decisions or political dictations, and this is no time for surprises. ” This, he added, “is the time for considered, responsible diplomacy among friends. ” The prime minister’s office said that in a phone conversation with Mr. Trump on Sunday, Mr. Netanyahu discussed the peace process and hoped to forge a “common vision” with Mr. Trump “to advance peace and security in the region, with no daylight between the United States and Israel. ” No more details were given. The peace process has been at an impasse since the last round of   talks collapsed in the spring of 2014. During the nine months of talks, Mr. Netanyahu attempted to appease Israel’s right wing by advancing plans for about 13, 000 new housing units in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, infuriating the Palestinian side. The weakened Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, who appeared reluctant to take risks of his own, never responded to the ideas that Mr. Kerry’s team had formulated for a framework to guide further negotiations. Now, with the change of American administrations, some Israeli analysts have recommended that Mr. Netanyahu take the opportunity to try to reinstate understandings that Israel had with President George W. Bush, who wrote in a 2004 letter that “already existing major Israeli population centers” should be taken into consideration in redrawing the borders between Israel and the West Bank  —   a reference to settlement blocs. But that came in the context of Israel’s plans to unilaterally withdraw from Gaza and from a section of the northern West Bank. And the case of Ariel serves to illustrate the contentiousness of unilaterally defining the blocs. Israelis have long labeled Ariel part of their national “consensus,” meaning that it would be included in Israel’s borders under any peace deal, and it often appears as one of the regular dots on Israeli weather maps. But Palestinian negotiators have always rejected that idea, arguing that Israeli control over Ariel would preclude the territorial contiguity of a Palestinian state. They also note that Ariel sits on a major aquifer. According to Tuesday’s announcement, 20 of the new units are to be built in Beit El, a settlement deep in the West Bank that has particularly benefited from Mr. Friedman’s   activities. The government promised in 2012 to build 300 units in Beit El, a settlement of about 7, 000 residents, to compensate for the   evacuation of part of a neighborhood there that was illegally built on private Palestinian land. So far, the promise has remained unfulfilled. According to Israel’s Ministry of Defense, bids will now be solicited for the construction of about 900 of the 2, 500 new units around the West Bank. But the rest, including most of those planned for Ariel, still have to go through additional planning phases, a bureaucratic process that can take months, if not years, and requires additional government approval at each stage. Oded Revivi, the chief foreign envoy of the Yesha Council, an umbrella organization representing the more than 400, 000 settlers in the West Bank, said in a statement, “We hope that this is just the beginning of a wave of new building across our ancestral homeland after eight very difficult years. ” But some in the settler camp played down the construction plans and expressed suspicions about Mr. Netanyahu’s intentions. “We are not stupid,” Bezalel Smotrich, a legislator from the Jewish Home party, wrote in a post on his Facebook page. Objecting to the government announcement mostly describing the advancement of existing plans in settlement blocs, Mr. Smotrich accused Mr. Netanyahu of “throwing a candy” to the settlers and playing “public relations tricks. ”",0
5250,Colon and Rectal Cancers Rising in Young People - The New York Times,"Cancers of the colon and rectum have been declining in older adults in recent decades and have always been considered rare in young people. But scientists are reporting a sharp rise in colorectal cancers in adults as young as their 20s and 30s, an ominous trend. The vast majority of colorectal cancers are still found in older people, with nearly 90 percent of all cases diagnosed in people over 50. But a new study from the American Cancer Society that analyzed cancer incidence by birth year found that colorectal cancer rates, which had dropped steadily for people born between 1890 and 1950, have been increasing for every generation born since 1950. Experts aren’t sure why. Rectal cancers are rising particularly sharply, far faster than cancers in other parts of the large intestine or colon. The American Cancer Society estimates about 13, 500 new cases of colon and rectal cancers will be diagnosed in Americans under 50 this year, with more than 95, 500 cases of colon cancer and nearly 40, 000 cases of rectal cancer in all age groups. “People born in 1990, like my son, have double the risk of colon cancer and quadruple the risk of rectal cancer” compared to the risk someone born in 1950 faced at a comparable age, said Rebecca Siegel, an epidemiologist with the American Cancer Society and the lead author of the new report, published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute on Tuesday. And though the absolute risk is still small in younger people, she said, “They carry the risk forward with them as they age. ” It is the upward trend that is worrisome: The risk of colon cancer for individuals who were born in 1990 was five per million people in that birth group, up from three per million at the same stage of life for those born in 1950. And the risk of rectal cancer for those born in 1990 was four per million, up from 0. 9 per million for those born in 1950. Dr. Thomas Weber, a professor of surgery at SUNY Downstate Medical Center who has served on the National Colorectal Cancer Roundtable and who was not involved in the new study, said the latest research confirms the problem is real and increasing. “There is no mistaking these dramatic increases, especially for rectal cancers,” he said, noting that the number of new colorectal cancers among people under 50 each year exceeds the total number of new cases of less common cancers like Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Young people with colorectal cancer run the added risk of getting a diagnosis later in the course of their disease, when the cancer may be less treatable, because doctors typically don’t consider the diagnosis at such a young age. Kirsten Freiborg, who is now 27, complained to doctors repeatedly about having blood in her stool when she was in college, but was told she had internal hemorrhoids. She was finally given a diagnosis of advanced colon cancer a month before her graduation, when she was 22. Ms. Freiborg’s mother, a registered nurse, “kept pushing” for more testing, Ms. Freiborg said, and eventually convinced physicians to send her for a procedure called a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which detected a large tumor in Ms. Freiborg’s colon. “I still remember getting the phone call from the doctor who did the procedure, who was completely shocked, and said ‘I would never have guessed that a    would have had cancer,’” said Ms. Freiborg, who was treated with surgery and chemotherapy and is now  . Most colorectal cancers are considered a disease of aging, so any increase in young adults, especially when rates of the disease are on the wane in older people, is both baffling and worrisome, experts say. Colorectal cancer rates have declined over all in recent years thanks to widespread use of screening tests like colonoscopies, which can detect precancerous polyps that can be removed before cancer develops. These screening tests have not been considered practical for a younger population, and while other less invasive screening tests exist, doctors are hoping improved methods that will be easier to administer will be developed. Experts also attribute lowering cancer rates to changes in risk factors, particularly lifestyle changes like smoking cessation and healthier diets. Diets that include more fruits, vegetables and fiber and less red and processed meat are linked to lower colorectal cancer risk. Obesity and sedentary lifestyles are also associated with colorectal cancer, as are heavy alcohol use and chronic conditions like inflammatory bowel disease and Type 2 diabetes, all of which are on the rise. But experts are not entirely convinced these are the only reasons colorectal cancer is increasing among young people. While rates of cancers tied to human papillomavirus, or HPV, have been rising in recent years, that virus causes mainly cancers of the cervix, anus or the back of the throat, and only a small number of cases of rectal cancer. “The honest truth is nobody knows 100 percent why there is an increase,” said Dr. Mohamed E. Salem, an assistant professor at Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center at Georgetown University. He said that he is older than about 60 percent of his patients  —   and he is 42. “It’s hard to blame it on obesity alone. We suspect there is also something else going on. ” Dr. Jason A. Zell, an associate professor of oncology at the University of California, Irvine, who did a study in 2014 that found increasing rates of colorectal cancer among adults ages 20 to 39 in California, said the big challenge is how to shape health policy. “By now we know the rates are going up, it’s been reported several times,” Dr. Zell said. “Now the question is, what do we do?” The latest analysis is the largest and most detailed to date, looking at large cancer registries reporting on nearly half a million cases dating back to 1974 to assess rates by   age groups and birth cohorts. It found that in adults ages 20 to 39, colon cancer rates have increased by 1 percent to 2. 4 percent a year since the   while rates declined over all among those 55 and older. Rates among adults 40 to 54 increased by 0. 5 percent to 1. 3 percent a year since the  . Rectal cancer incidence rates among adults in their 20s increased even more sharply, rising by 3. 2 percent a year from 1974 to 2013. And while rectal cancer rates have declined over all among people 55 and older since 1974, rates in people 50 to 54 increased between   and  . By   nearly 30 percent of all rectal cancers were being diagnosed in people under age 55, compared with 15 percent of all rectal cancers being found in this age group in   the study reported. Many patients are so young at the time of diagnosis that they have not been screened by colonoscopy, which is recommended beginning at age 50 for people who are at average risk. The risk is higher among   and the American College of Gastroenterology recommends they start screening at 45. Those with colorectal cancer may experience warning signs, but the symptoms are typically vague, including general digestive complaints like diarrhea or constipation, cramping and abdominal pain. Tara Anderson, a    mother of four from Bowie, Md. had chronic constipation for years before seeking help at a   emergency room clinic in 2015 because she was in so much pain. There, a scan detected a tumor in her colon “the size of a tennis ball,” she said. A gastroenterologist who examined her a year earlier merely told her to increase her intake of dietary fiber to ease her constipation, she said. Fortunately, she said, her disease had not spread. For Chris Roberts, who was 29 when he found out he had colon cancer, the first symptoms were weight loss and loss of appetite. “I lost about 20 pounds and I wasn’t really trying to lose weight, but I just didn’t enjoy eating,” said Mr. Roberts, now 30. He had just moved to New York City and did not have a regular doctor, but was fortunate enough to find a doctor who was determined to make a diagnosis quickly and ordered several blood tests and an ultrasound scan that found tumors that had already spread to Mr. Roberts’s liver. He has been treated with chemotherapy and had surgery in January to remove parts of his colon and liver. “I definitely want to get the word out: If you have symptoms that may be linked to cancer, colorectal cancer or any kind, get it checked out,” he said.",0
5251,Crimea and Ukraine Fight a War Over Historical Memory - Paul Robinson,"Originally appeared at Irrussianality 
Following the recent kerfuffle in Russia over a statue of Ivan the Terrible, the issue of monuments continues to make headlines. Two differing approaches to historical memory are on display. Both create their own historical distortions. By eradicating monuments of an entire era, one paints that era as bad in every single way. By sanctifying an autocratic ruler, the other whitewashes the imperfections of the past. 
According to the Ukrainian television station Espreso TV , the last remaining statue of Lenin in Ukraine, located in the town of Novgorod-Severskii, has been taken down. There were once more than 2,000 Lenin statues in the country. As a result of a 2015 law prohibiting communist memorials and symbols, Ukraine is now Lenin-free. 
Meanwhile, a bell-tower dedicated to Russia’s last Tsar, Nicholas II, was formally opened in the Crimean capital, Simferopol, on Tuesday. Attending the opening was Duma deputy and former chief prosecutor of Crimea Natalia Poklonskaia, who has acquired something of a reputation as a monarchist, and whose idea the bell tower was. Poklonskaia told reporters that, ‘For me, my colleagues and friends, this isn’t simply a bell tower, but an entire church. And this church is not simply a building but a holy one, in which will be carried out, with full rights, all the services and liturgies as laid down in the church canons.’ 
The first story illustrates an approach to historical memory which is destructive and coercive; the second an approach which is constructive and voluntary. If there is one thing the participants can agree on, it is that they aren’t fans of communism. But as these examples show, the victors of today’s memory wars aren’t always the victors of tomorrow’s.",0
5252,Iraqi Offensive South of Mosul Stalls as ISIS Resistance Grows,"Frontline Troops Forced to Wait for Reinforcements by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
After 10 days of upbeat reports on the invasion of Mosul, Iraqi special forces south of the city have run into their first major obstacle, with heavy resistance from ISIS forcing them to pause their advance and wait for additional reinforcements. 
While officials are treating this as a brief pause, it effectively means that ISIS has temporarily broken the southern advance into Mosul, and that only the northern advance, the Kurdish forces are still approaching the city. 
That could be a huge problem for the Iraqi government, as in addition to fighting ISIS they’re in a bit of a territorial battle with the Kurdish Peshmerga. The Kurds have annexed a lot of territory they’ve captured, and that could make the Mosul offensive something of a race. 
It also raises concerns about the Iraqi military’s readiness for the offensive, as in the past they have not reacted well to military setbacks. The ISIS forces have been deploying a large number of car bombs to try to slow the offensive, and the addition of machine gun and sniper fire has ultimately stopped the advance. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
5253,CONFIRMED: Washington Insider Responsible For Clinton “Hit Job” | Conservative Daily Post,"
Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 2, 2016 | American Strength Washington, Not Russia, Was Responsible! 
If you are been paying attention to what the Democrats are saying this election in terms of the hacks, they will tell you that it’s all part of a plot that involves Donald Trump and Russia. Every top Democrat from Hillary Clinton to Barack Obama has argued that. 
They have been saying this ever since the first hacks on the Democratic National Committee happened back in July. And they have continued that claim with every hack that has happened since. Most recently they have been saying that the hacks on Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, were part of yet another Russian hack. 
They have claimed that the hacks were done in order to influence the election in favor of Trump. Not everyone believes that lie. In fact there are people out there that think that the source of the hack has come from the United States government. 
One person that believes that is former British ambassador Craig Murray. He says that the source of the Podesta leaks was a Washington insider rather than someone from Russia. That would mean that Clinton’s campaign is continuing to make a false claim on a foreign country! 
Murray told Sputnik, “The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam’s whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow.” 
That means that there is someone in Washington that is doing what he or she can to end the corruption of the Clintons. And yet her camp continues to claim that someone within Russia did it. Because that is a phenomenal way to create peace between two nations that have nuclear weapons. Someone In Washington Is Trying To Make Sure Hillary Doesn’t Win 
But that wasn’t the only thing that Murray went on to destroy. He went on to blast the Democrats other narrative that WikiLeaks is a source for Russia. He has said that such claims are “designed to divert attention from the content of the material.” That means that they are hiding something if they are spending this much time trying to change the story. 
WikiLeaks also decided to mock the Clinton campaign’s literal obsession with conspiracy theories with a tweet. They said, “No link between Trump & Russia. No link between Assange & Russia. But Podesta & Clinton involved in selling 20% of US uranium to Russia.” 
This tweet was in reference to the fact that the FBI found nothing of substance that connected Donald Trump to Russia. They literally said that he had “no clear link to Russia.” So once again, the Democrats attempt to say something like that is proven false. 
That also means that if the Democrats continue to blame Trump for this supposed Russian hack on their servers, then they are definitely hiding something. Because the FBI has cleared Trump of any connection to Russia and now there is a former British ambassador that has said that the hacks were coming from someone located in Washington. 
And there are other claims to back that up. There was a YouTube video that was released and has gone viral. In it, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Steve Pieczenik is talking about how there are people in the United States government are doing what they can to prevent Clinton from becoming president of the United States. 
He has said that members of the United States government, including the FBI and the CIA, have “initiated a counter-coup through Julian Assange and WikiLeaks in order to stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president of the United States.” Pieczenik has also said that Assange has released “emails that we gave to him in order to undermine Hillary and Bill Clinton.” 
That is two former high ranking members of their respective governments saying that the leak has come from Washington and not Russia like the Democrats want you to believe. But it goes even further than that. What Murray has said is true. They are doing whatever they can to have the people of the United States not look at those emails that were released. The Democrats Continue To Blame Russia For The Hacks. Because That Is A Great Foreign Policy Tactic 
That is because those emails have shown that the Democrats are engaging in some highly illegal activity. From all the leaks that we have seen, the Democrats have engaged in election rigging, pay-to-play operations, and cheating in several different debates. But of course when you try and confront them on this, they will attempt to say that Russia was behind it or that Trump was behind it. 
One of the excuses that they have also given has come from interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile. During the second hack of the DNC back in July she attempted to scare people from reading the hacked emails by saying that they could possibly be infected with malware . Really? If you are making this big an attempt to stop people from reading them, then you are obviously hiding something! 
Of course Brazile was mentioned in those WikiLeaks emails as well. She was guilty of giving Clinton a question that was going to appear in a town hall. And when someone called her out on it, Brazile attempted to say that she was being “ persecuted .” It’s not persecution if the answer is right in front of you! You were literally doing what you could to help out Clinton as much as possible. 
Share this article to show that there are people out there that believe that the hacks on the Democratic Party are coming from Washington itself rather than Russia. And considering that the Democrats continue to blame Russia for the hacks means that they are just damaging the foreign relationships even more. 
That is not something that the United States can afford anymore. We need people that are going to work on making our relationships with foreign governments better not worse. We also need people that are going to lead the people and not have to answer to more corruption charges. This is why we need Donald Trump. ",0
5254,Rand Paul: Stop ’Hysteria of a Special Prosecutor’ on Trump-Russia Probe - Breitbart,"Monday on the “The Mike Gallagher Show,” while discussing the investigations into Russia’s hacking during last year’s presidential election, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said “evidence” of wrongdoing before following through with a call for a special prosecutor.  Paul said, “Law enforcement ought to look into whether it happened. I wouldn’t  really want a special investigator if all we’re hearing is gossip in the media and nobody’s presented any proof that there have been connections or that any law has been broken for that matter. ” He continued, “I’ve been arguing that we shouldn’t politicize this thing, Republican or Democrat. We don’t need a political discussion of this. We need a law enforcement look and if there is any kind of problem law enforcement should pursue it obviously no matter which party’s involved. But I would say is People are very, very confused on this. ” He added, “So I think before people jump to sort of the hysteria of a special prosecutor, why don’t we have somebody present evidence of some sort of wrongdoing before we go forward?” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5255,"In Rebel-Held Aleppo, Residents Report Increasing Desperation - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Syrian government forces pushed deeper into Aleppo on Wednesday, seizing areas around the medieval citadel whose narrow streets had long given rebels cover,   websites and conflict monitors reported. Rebel leaders disputed the claims, but antigovernment activists in the area sent increasingly desperate messages saying they believed they would soon be killed or arrested, while civilians said they were squeezing into a smaller and smaller area, with some calling for safe passage out. A rebel fighter with the Nour     group, reached in a hiding place near the Old City, said that several neighborhoods had fallen and that defeat appeared inevitable. “Aleppo has fallen,” he said. “If there are no U. N. initiatives, I expect the regime will exterminate us all. ” Several civilians confirmed that the government was continuing its advance into the Old City. Al Manar, Hezbollah’s television channel, quoting Syrian military officials, reported that   forces had allowed rebels to leave through a designated corridor to other   areas to spare the historical quarter further destruction. Rebels were asking for all civilians who wished to leave to be given safe passage to   areas, but not to the province of Idlib, where fighters and civilians not wishing to go to government areas have been bused in previous surrender deals. Instead, rebels asked for safe passage to the countryside in the north of the province of Aleppo. A statement said to be from all the rebel groups in Aleppo, issued on Wednesday, said that Idlib was already filled with displaced people and was a target of intensive Russian and government airstrikes. The statement also called for a   humanitarian   and for the evacuation of about 500 people in need of emergency medical care, under United Nations supervision with security guarantees. Only then, it said, would the fighters discuss a settlement. “Once the humanitarian situation has been alleviated in Aleppo city, the parties concerned can negotiate the future of the city,” the statement said. “What Aleppo has experienced in the last five months is nothing short of a war of extermination against its civilian population. ” But the rebels’ bargaining power is shrinking with their territory, and as one of their main backers, Turkey, appears to be slackening support. Government officials say they will not slow their advance, asserting that they are liberating eastern Aleppo from radical jihadists holding people there hostage. Government officials issued triumphant statements. Fares Shehabi, a member of Parliament from Aleppo, declared on Twitter, “The Syrian army is about to end the largest  the longest hostage crisis in history by liberating all of E Aleppo. ” Russian officials have said that all those who choose to remain in the   areas of the city will be considered terrorists and will be “destroyed,” as the foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, said Tuesday. But no agreement has been reached on how the evacuation would work. In a joint statement, the leaders of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Britain and the United States warned that “a humanitarian disaster is taking place before our very eyes. ” The statement condemned the Syrian government and its allies, especially Russia. The statement cited an urgent need for an immediate   to provide assistance to 200, 000 people in eastern Aleppo and relief to those who have fled, and it called on Russia and Iran to pressure the Syrian government to endorse the United Nations’ plan for Aleppo. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said that the recent effort by the leaders of six Western nations to seek yet another diplomatic solution to the Syrian civil war was in part meant to “apply pressure to Russia” because Russia is complicit in the deaths of innocent civilians there. “The president doesn’t believe it’s an effective strategy to gloss over or somehow obscure Russia’s complicity,” Mr. Earnest said. “We actually believe that Russia bears special responsibility” because of its intervention on behalf of the government of President Bashar  . The government has accused rebels of preventing civilians from leaving and of holding them as bargaining chips. Rebels say that the routes are not safe and that some civilians are reluctant to leave for fear of arrest or conscription once they reach government territory. Approximately 30, 000 have fled to   areas of Aleppo from   districts in the past week, according to international humanitarian officials. Others  —   it is not known how many  —   have been displaced from their homes inside the rebel enclave, and still others have fled to a neighborhood controlled by Kurdish militias, hoping to reach other   areas. Years of aerial bombing and artillery bombardment have wrecked many eastern Aleppo neighborhoods, destroying clinics, schools and homes. Rebels have also indiscriminately shelled   neighborhoods in western Aleppo. Yasser Hmeish, an antigovernment activist, said he had left his family to travel to a hospital in a different area, only to hear later that the neighborhood where he lived had been taken by the government. “I don’t know anything, anything about them,” he said in an audio message, his voice breaking, adding that the internet service seemed to have failed. He said that he was speaking from a makeshift medical clinic and that doctors were working in secret basement locations after being driven from hospitals. There were dozens of wounded and dead around him, including children, he added. “My neighbors have died they were brought here,” he said. “I couldn’t ask them, ‘Where is my family?’ ” The latest round of fighting has killed at least 341 people, including 44 children, in   Aleppo, and 81 people, including 31 children, in   districts, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring organization based in Britain. About half of the people fleeing east Aleppo are children, said Hanaa Singer, Unicef’s Syria representative, describing hard conditions in camps for the displaced in cold and muddy weather. During her recent visit, she said, more than 100 mortar rounds had fallen on   areas of Aleppo in a few days  —   killing a volunteer, Ahmed Tawfik, 24, an economics student, who had been working with displaced children  —   while heavy bombardment echoed constantly nearby in eastern Aleppo. Children at the camp, she said, “shared stories of how they cowered for days and weeks in dark and damp basements in fear of the shelling in besieged east Aleppo. ” She added: “They shared their dark memories of destruction, and the smell of dead bodies under the rubble. They said they were happy to be outside, to enjoy the sun and feel the air. To be able to sing and to play. But they missed friends, fathers and elder brothers. They missed their schools. They missed their books, games, and one girl was missing her teddy bear. ” The growing chaos in Aleppo came as an attack suspected to have been carried out by Israel hit the Mezze air base, minutes from downtown Damascus, the Syrian capital, according to the Lebanese news channel Al Mayadeen, which showed pictures of the complex burning. The base has been critical to the government’s fight against rebels in nearby suburbs. It also houses a prison.",0
5256,Generation Zapped: Documentary Highlights Health Risks Associated With Wireless Technology,"Sabine El Gemayel, director and producer of Generation Zapped, highlights her solution-oriented documentary film investigating the growing body of research on the alarming health risks associated... ",0
5257,UKIP calls for ban on gay fencing,"UKIP calls for ban on gay fencing 04-11-16 
UKIP has called for the abolition of gay fencing. 
The party said that gay fencing was undermining British democracy and defying the will of the people. 
Nigel Farage, this week’s UKIP leader, said: “The decent, ordinary people of Britain are being imprisoned inside a massive gay fence. 
“We must tear down this fence, or at least paint it red white and blue, rather than this multi-coloured monstrosity that looks like it was designed by a Brazilian transvestite named ‘Roberto’.” 
Farage added: “More than 17 million people voted for this country to be protected by a large fence, roughly the same height as a typical English rugby player and with the same red-blooded, male urges.” 
The campaign has been backed by the Daily Mail , the Daily Express , the Daily Telegraph and the Sun , who are all offering a free pork pie to readers who destroy any fence that looks gay. 
Share:",0
5258,Senate Confirms Scott Pruitt to Lead Trump’s EPA Despite Dems’ Delay Tactics - Breitbart,"The Senate confirmed Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to be the next administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency,   on the Friday before Congress leaves for a   Presidents Day recess. [“As I come here to the floor: I chaired the committee, the Environment and Public Works Committee, on Scott Pruitt’s nomination,” said Sen. John Barrasso (R. .) in the minutes before the bipartisan vote that saw two Democrats joining the Republican majority, West Virginia’s Sen. Joseph Manchin and North Dakota’s Sen. Heidi Heitkamp. One Republican voted against the nomination, Maine’s Sen. Susan Collins.  “I listened to six and a half hours of testimony,” Barrasso said. “I listened and read through responses that he gave to 1, 200 questions being asked of him. He gave thorough answers. Perhaps not the answer the Democrats wanted to hear but answers that I felt were responsive. ” Barrasso took the nomination out of his committee by invoking a special rule approved by the Senate parliamentarian office, because Democrats boycotted the committee’s vote on Pruitt, which robbed the committee of a quorum. The chairman said despite the opposition from Senate Democrats, Pruitt was an excellent choice to run the EPA. “He is a nominee who, as Attorney General in Oklahoma, protected the environment, worked to strengthen the economy, and stood up for state’s rights, which continues to be most crucial. ” Outsider businessman Sen. David Perdue (R. .) said 0n the Senate floor Pruitt is the key man for lifting the regulatory burden off the private enonomy. “Scott Pruitt will return some sanity to the EPA, which over the past eight years has overzealously issued thousands of regulations with little environmental benefit, all while ignoring the high economic cost,” he said. “I look forward to working with Mr. Pruitt and President Trump to scale back the EPA and provide farmers, businesses, and the American people with some relief after eight years of blatant overreach,” he said. Senate Democrats did not have the votes to defeat Pruitt’s nomination, but they exercised the option to use all 30 hours of debate allotted to each confirmation, as they have with most of the other nominees. To eat up the clock, Senate Republicans have extended the chamber’s sessions and scheduled votes in the early morning hours, if that was when the debate time was running out. When senators came to Capitol Hill Friday morning, they were armed with news that a judge ordered Pruitt to turn over thousands of emails as part of an Open Records Request by an Oklahoma television station. Minority Leader Sen. Charles Schumer (D. . Y.) held a press less than four hours before the vote, where he and other Senate Democrats demanded that the Pruitt confirmation vote be delayed until Feb. 27. Rhode Island Democrat Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said the delay was necessary to fully understand Pruitt’s relationship with the industry figures in his home state. “Time will tell and facts will come out, but I believe our Republican friends will rue the day that they had this nomination rammed through the Senate on the very day that the emails were being litigated in Oklahoma, in order to get ahead of any  . ” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R. .)  —   at his own press conference after Schumer’s  —   dismissed any calls for delay as more of the same. ”My overarching goal will be to lead in a way that our future generations inherit a better and healthier environment.”  —   Scott Pruitt, @EPA pic. twitter.   —   Senate Republicans (@SenateGOP) February 17, 2017,  The Pruitt vote was scheduled for 1 p. m. but at 12:30 p. m. Sen. Al Franken (D. .) took to the floor to challenge the language used by Barrasso earlier in the day. Barrasso was making the point that Democratic tactics were not sincere. “These delays are all about obstruction,” the Wyoming senator said. “They’re all about denying President Trump his cabinet  —   that’s what this all about. It’s about pretending that their candidate, Hillary Clinton, didn’t lose the election in November. ” Franken said this characterization was a violation of Senate Rule XIX, which forbids senators from questioning the motives or impugning the character of another senator. This was the same rule Republicans used to call out and silence Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) during the floor debate for Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ confirmation. Unlike Warren, Franken did not force a vote after the presiding officer denied his point of order. But Fraken did walk from his own desk in the back rows to the well of the chamber to hash it out with Barrasso and McConnell. Americans believe that a great country deserves safe drinking water, clean air, and a hospitable environment. That’s where @EPA comes in. pic. twitter.   —   Sen. Al Franken (@SenFranken) February 17, 2017,  Barrasso was clearly ticked off, and Franken gestured with his index finger at Barrasso, saying that it was not right to say that the Democrats were acting as if Clinton won the election. Before the exchange between the two senators got more serious, McConnell told Franken that he had lost his sense of humor. This brought Franken to a  . Then, smiling broadly, he told McConnell: “Don’t tell me Mr. Majority Leader that I have lost my sense of humor. That is not impugning my motives —  that is impugning my career!” With the point of order resolved, Franken then made a motion requesting the debate on the Pruitt confirmation extend another 248 hours —  through the recess. That vote went down on party lines,  . Sen. John McCain (R. .) and Sen. Joseph Donnelly (D. .) were not at the Capitol. When senators return Feb. 27, they are scheduled to vote on the nomination of businessman Wilbur Ross for Commerce Secretary.",0
5259,Giuliani on FBI’s exoneration of Hillary: ‘We are supposed to be a country of justice’,"Giuliani on FBI’s exoneration of Hillary: ‘We are supposed to be a country of justice’ Former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani tell it like it is By Shepard Ambellas - November 7, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani appeared on Fox News’ Sean Hannity Show Sunday, to talk about how out of place the Director of the FBI James Comey’s remarks were regarding the Clinton investigation. 
Giuliani said that back in July there was already “overwhelming evidence” that Hillary Clinton “violated the law.”‘Now in November we are hearing that she had her maid print out classified material routinely.’ 
“So if she was completely reckless back in July, the new revelation makes the situation much worse,’ Giuliani told Hannity. 
To top it all off, Giuliani said that Clinton Foundation monies were supporting Chelsea Clinton “for more than a decade” and that “Chelsea’s husband, with Chelsea’s help, was going to foundation donors and raising money for his hedge fund.” 
This is “racketeering,” Giuliani said. 
Sean Hannity pointed out during the exchange that the FBI is operating on a dual standard and if anyone else other than Hillary was being investigated they already would have been locked up for destroying subpoenaed information. 
#NoJustice 
#HillaryForPrison2016 Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep’s World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . ©2016. Intellihub.com.  ",0
5260,Ignore Farage at Your Own Peril,"Home | World | Ignore Farage at Your Own Peril Ignore Farage at Your Own Peril By Roo Lette 14/11/2016 12:26:58 
NEW YORK – USA – Lambasted and much maligned by the existing political classes, Nigel Farage, is the reason the UK won its Brexit ruling. Without his vision and his following Britain would have been denied the all important referendum. 

Nigel Farage is also chums with Donald Trump, much to the dismay of May, who probably detests both characters, but she is going to have to put her little patterned shoes to the side for a minute and speak to the two men. 
The lads are fighting back it seems, and good ol’ Boris has confirmed that Trump will be good for Brexit, and any confirmation from BoJo is as good as any. 
This is why it is crucial to end any acrimony towards Farage and Trump, and get on with making some serious money, trade deals between the U.S. are now front of the queue, whereas the EU is now firmly in bottom place. 
How the tables have turned in just a few weeks is absolutely amazing. The EU is firmly on the backfoot with little or no cards to play. Their protectionist racket crumbling before their own eyes. Who knows what happened to that Canada deal? Snuffed out like a cigar into Juncker’s cognac glass, a now distant memory to the Canadians, who are really sick of dealing with the procrastinating idiots in Brussels. 
In Theresa May terms, Farage must be the go-between between her and Trump, because due to her conduct in the exit proceedings, May has dithered, she has taken a long time and all the while the Remoaners have been allowed to scheme their little schemes. Because of her dithering we now have this High Court case stitch-up and various other nefarious schemes to put a halt to Brexit. Can May be trusted? No, is the short answer, and until there is full movement on the Brexit front, everything she says should be taken with a pinch of salt. Share on :",0
5261,Facebook Announces New Ways to Prevent ‘Revenge Porn’ - The New York Times,"The relationship may have faded long ago, but the intimate images you shared have not. If you’re lucky, your ex deleted them. If you’re not, the photos have sprouted up online. Victims of such nonconsensual posts, often referred to as “revenge porn,” now have some help in preventing their spread: On Wednesday, Facebook announced new artificial intelligence tools designed to keep such content, once flagged, off its site for good. “It’s wrong, it’s hurtful, and if you report it to us, we will now use A. I. and image recognition to prevent it from being shared across all of our platforms,” Mark Zuckerberg, the social network’s founder and chief executive, said in a Facebook post. The tools announced on Wednesday are intended to address a uniquely modern and pernicious form of harassment, often but not exclusively aimed at women, that has attracted increasing attention. In March, for example, a report that   and veteran Marines had used Facebook to share naked and private photos of thousands of women in the Marine Corps prompted a congressional hearing and a Defense Department investigation. The company has been sued in the past by victims of revenge pornography who accused it of not doing enough to prevent the spread of their intimate images. Now, when such content is reported to Facebook, it will be reviewed by a trained member of a community standards team, most likely resulting in the image being removed and the account of the user who posted it being disabled, Antigone Davis, Facebook’s head of global safety, said Wednesday in a post on the site. The   technology will then work to identify and thwart the future posting of similar images, not only on Facebook, but also to its instant messaging service and to Instagram. The company also published a guide on reporting and removing such intimate images, and said that it had teamed up with safety organizations such as the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative, which operates a hotline for victims of nonconsensual pornography.",0
5262,Fed Official Says She Favors ‘Prudence’ in Raising Interest Rates - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Lael Brainard, a Federal Reserve governor and a leading proponent of the Fed’s efforts to stimulate the economy, said in a speech on Monday that she still favored “prudence” in raising interest rates despite recent signs of economic progress. The remarks reinforce expectations that the Fed will not raise its benchmark interest rate when its   committee meets on Sept. 20 and 21, and investors celebrated accordingly. Stocks rose and interest rates fell, reversing much of the market movement on Friday, when investors worried the Fed might move toward a rate increase. But pressure continues to build for a rate increase before the end of the year. A few hours before Ms. Brainard spoke, Dennis Lockhart, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, joined a growing list of Fed officials arguing that the economy was strong enough to justify an increase in borrowing costs. He called for a “serious discussion” at the September meeting. The Fed also faced new pressure from Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, who said on Monday on CNBC that the Fed’s chairwoman, Janet L. Yellen, was keeping rates low “because she’s obviously political and doing what Obama wants her to do. ” Ms. Yellen “should be ashamed of herself,” he added. Mr. Trump’s criticism of Ms. Yellen and the Fed breaks with the general practice of presidents and presidential candidates in recent decades to refrain from criticizing the Fed’s conduct of monetary policy. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, castigated Mr. Trump last week for similar remarks. “Words have consequences,” Mrs. Clinton told reporters. “Words move markets. Words can be misinterpreted. Words can have effects on people’s 401( k)’s, their pension funds, their stock portfolios. ” “He should not be adding the Fed onto his long list of institutions and individuals that he is maligning,” she added. Fed officials insist they will not consider the political consequences of increasing rates. They may, however, hesitate to act before the November election out of concern for the economic consequences of political turbulence, the same way they hesitated before Britain’s referendum in June on its membership in the European Union. Ms. Yellen, presiding over an increasingly fractious group of policy makers, has sought to emphasize their common ground. She said in an August speech that the case for raising rates had become stronger in recent months, but she stopped short of saying that it was time to raise rates. Ms. Brainard’s speech Monday was the last before the Fed’s   blackout period, effectively giving her the last word in the public debate among Fed officials ahead of the September meeting. Ms. Brainard agreed reluctantly to support the Fed’s first   rate increase in December, but she has stiffened in her concerns. Since then, she has made a habit of laying down markers before important Fed meetings, making the case for patience in March and again in June. On Monday, she once again seized the spotlight to explain why she is still not ready to raise interest rates. Ms. Brainard said recent economic data raised some questions about the strength of growth, and there was certainly no sign of resurgent inflation. “In the presence of uncertainty and the absence of accelerating inflationary pressures, it would be unwise for policy to foreclose on the possibility of making further gains in the labor market,” she told the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. She added that the context in which the Fed operates had also changed. A global decline in market interest rates means that the force of the Fed’s stimulus campaign has been reduced even without a rate increase. Moreover, she noted that the weakness of the global economy continued to weigh on the United States, contributing to an environment of persistently low growth and low inflation. Finally, she said that she remained more concerned about moving too quickly than waiting too long. The Fed has few tools to ward off fresh weakness in the economy, while it can easily respond to an inflationary resurgence. “This asymmetry in risk management in today’s new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation,” Ms. Brainard said. “I believe that this approach has served us well. ” Daniel Tarullo, another Fed governor, said in a CNBC interview on Friday that he too favored patience. Mr. Tarullo described himself as a member of the “‘ ’ camp” that wants to see evidence of stronger inflation before raising rates. So far, he said, there is not enough. “From my personal perspective, I think we have an opportunity to continue to get employment gains,” Mr. Tarullo said. Other officials argue that inflation always follows stronger growth if the Fed waits for the inevitable increase, they warn, the Fed may need to raise rates more sharply, causing a recession. Mr. Tarullo said in the interview, however, that officials who took this view should still have hesitations about the outlook for growth. He described the recent economic data as a mixed bag. A growing number of Fed officials argue that this caution is misdirected. Eric Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, said in a speech on Friday that raising rates in the near term could actually help extend the economic expansion, now in its eighth year. The Fed may now be providing too much stimulus, he said, and overheating could end up forcing sharper rate increases. “If we want to ensure that we remain at full employment, gradual tightening is likely to be appropriate,” Mr. Rosengren said in Quincy, Mass. “A failure to continue on the path of gradual removal of accommodation could shorten, rather than lengthen, the duration of this recovery. ” Esther George, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City  —   and, like Mr. Rosengren, one of the 10 Fed officials with a policy vote this year  —   has expressed concern that low rates are encouraging excessive speculation, birthing future financial crises. Ms. George is the only Fed official to vote to raise rates this year. Fed officials still could coalesce around a   rate increase, as they did last year. After September, the Fed has two more meetings on the calendar, in November and December. Asked what it would take to win her vote, Ms. Brainard said she would like to see more inflation. She also noted recent weakness in some economic measures like corporate profits and investment. “It would be important, I think, to see some of those spending indicators starting to really move in a more positive direction going into the third and fourth quarter,” Ms. Brainard said.",0
5263,Are Government Puppet Masters Using Riots to Incite a Civil War?,"ReadyNutrition Readers and fellow warriors in the war of sustainability, the election may have been finished, but the unrest is not. I mention “may” have been finished, as the electors of the Electoral Vote have not weighed in on their final verdict. That verdict, due on December 19 may even be amended or reversed, with the entire thing not coming before Congress until January 6. In the meantime, civil disorder is increasing throughout the U.S. in both frequency and locations.
As of this writing, riots and unrest along with demonstrations have occurred in the following large metropolitan areas: Miami, Atlanta, Salt Lake City, New York City, Birmingham, AL, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Eugene, OR, Portland, OR, Indianapolis, Phoenix, Denver, Baltimore, Las Vegas, and Fresno, CA to name a few. These are no gangs of urchins around a burning barrel on a street corner: these riots and demonstrations are made up of thousands of angry protestors that have clashed both with Trump supporters and law enforcement, at times violently.
Law enforcement officers reported that more than 25,000 marched from Union Square in Manhattan all the way to Trump tower in midtown. Protests and demonstrations were marked by frequent arrests and clashes with police. On 11/11/16, a man was shot with two suspects detained in Portland, OR, where the clashes are intensifying; the man was shot on Morrison Bridge and law enforcement has stated it is related to the election turmoil.
Michael Moore , left-wing radical filmmaker was also in New York in an attempt to personally confront Trump at his Trump tower on Saturday 11/12/16. He said the following: 
“[Trump is an] illegitimate president and does not have the vote of the people.” 
In Washington, D.C. protestors blocked the Interstate 395 tunnel that leads to Capitol Hill for several hours. In Chicago thousands marched through the city streets and (what a coincidence) ended up in front of the hotel owned by Trump downtown. In Indianapolis, two police officers were injured by protestors who hit them with rocks. In Los Angeles the police estimated the protestors to be numbering more than 8,000 people.

Credit: CNN Portland, OR placed a curfew in effect for minors in an effort to prevent kids from being beaten up or hurt in the middle of all of it. 10:15 pm is the curfew for those under 14 years of age, and midnight for everyone ages 14-17 years old. In Baltimore the protestors marched from the Washington Monument on Charles Street to the Inner Harbor. Police had to move two reporters from Fox news out of harm’s way when the protestors began throwing rocks and bottles and shouting insults. There were also thousands protesting in Baltimore on Thursday night after the Ravens-Browns football game, blocking traffic for several hours in all directions from the stadium.
One of the interesting things to note is that in all of these cities, the placards of the protestors have many of the same motifs, and further: one type has “#notmypresident” printed on it. Perhaps some of you readers have seen this and can clarify what that means. The reason for the question is that the George Soros machine of destabilization so successfully employed in other countries, such as Ukraine, the former Yugoslavia (Croatia and Serbia, specifically), and Hungary…that machine is up and running in the United States. Paid protestors and other rabble rousers are being paid by Soros and bussed into the target cities to foment riot and dissent. This isn’t the first time Soros has funded riots on American soil and it won’t be the last.

Credit: BET Many protestors in Baltimore held placards with “People’s Power Assembly 443.221.3775” on the front. This, too, bears the hint of more subversive efforts paid for by those behind the scenes wishing to take the country to the bottom. Where does all of this lead? Well for starters, keep in mind those two previous dates mentioned regarding the Electoral votes. In addition to this, there is a petition circulating calling for the electors to reverse their original votes with more than 2 million signatures.
As if that isn’t enough, there are people openly calling on Twitter and Facebook for Trump to be “taken out,” in a myriad of violent manners. As mentioned in other articles, under the John Warner Defense Act of 2006, Obama has the ability to declare a “catastrophic emergency,” defined as one that interferes with (basically) any and every aspect of our society from government to finance. In the “interests of public safety” he can supplement that with Presidential Directive 51 (PD-51) and declare a state of martial law due to civil unrest. He can also call in foreign outsiders (such as the UN) to help him “reinstitute order under the law.”
With that in mind, I wish to refer you to something worth considering. All News Pipeline had an article (a good one in itself…Stefan Stanford and Susan Duclos with ANP are top-notch reporters and writers) with a comment posted that in my opinion truly summarizes what is happening here in this post-election period. The comment can be found at www.allnewspipeline.com/Shocking_Maps_Show_Overthrow_of_America.php , when you scroll to the bottom after the article. Posted by Andrew Mali , here it is in its entirety and well worth some deep thought for all of us as preppers, patriots, and concerned citizens:
“I’m probably going to get a lot of hate for this, but I feel it needs to be said. There is no coincidence that Trump won by electoral vote and lost the popular vote. This whole thing is a setup, to cause mass anger across the country. Right now, the Left is throwing a fit because they think Trump will be the new president, while the Right is distracted by celebrating it. He won’t. It is in the works right now to reverse the decision when congress meets Jan 6 to approve the electoral votes (maybe even something before that). This means the violence could last until then. 
The purpose of this is to start a civil war that tears the country apart. What the elite gain from this is the ability to take control of the country by U.N. force, and to call our republic and constitution a failure. “Out of the ashes, the phoenix will rise.” A new country owned by the U.N. with a new government and leader. One does not simply walk into the National Archives and shred the constitution, therefore, we must tear down our country and way of life. This keeps the elites from putting their fingerprints on our demise. 
Should we fail to kneel to their will and destroy ourselves, they will use Russia to destroy us so much that any survivors will be left begging the mercy of the U.N. to take them as refugees to a country that is controlled by the U.N. Now is not the time to be running off to fight a civil war, but is the time to be preparing, and praying that God confuses their plans.” 
Quite a comment, and also spot-on. Bottom line: it’s going to get worse before it gets any better. You guys and gals need to stay on top of what is happening both nationwide and in your immediate locale. As one eye is on the news, the other needs to be on the preps. Bullets, beans, and Band-Aids are the rule of the day, with plenty of prayer around all of it…the truly indispensable part of your preparations.
Obama still has plenty of time to either take down the society with civil unrest as an excuse or by starting a war before he leaves office. In either case (as the comment pointed out) we must remain vigilant and prepare for society as we know it to change with the blink of an eye. The next few weeks will be a good indicator of what is to happen. In the meantime, keep your powder dry, and keep up that good fight! JJ out! 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods.
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead.
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 14th, 2016 Sign of the Times: Riot Control Gear Sales Are Soaring… Emergency Survival Food Sales Soar as We Get Closer to… We Will Not Go Gently Into the Night: The Silent Majority… How Martial Law Will Lead to the Creation of the… Landing Strips, Farms and Hideaways: Secret Escapes of the… ",0
5264,Declassified NSA Documents Show Poor Digital Security Practices - Breitbart,"Recently declassified NSA documents show a worrying lack of attention to digital security at the National Security Agency. [The declassified document obtained under a Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) request by the New York Times, outlines a number of security measures taken by the NSA to secure their digital documents and systems. According to the report, the NSA regularly left physical server stacks completely unsecured and open to tampering, did not use   authentication in many of their digital systems and did not use access control lists to verify which users should have access to sensitive information.  While much of the report is redacted, information related to the poor security practices of the NSA can still be found. The declassified security review was conducted following the leak of over one million NSA files by Edward Snowden between 2012 and 2013. The report states that the “NSA did not have guidance concerning key management and did not consistently secure server racks and other sensitive equipment in the data centers and machine rooms” in accordance with their “  ” initiative. Data centers were also left unsecured as   access controls were not implemented at the time of the report. Similarly,   authentication had not been rolled out to all   access users either. The report states that far too many NSA employees had administrator privileges, meaning they could make direct changes to NSA systems without approval from   within the organization. These administrator accounts were also poorly monitored according to the report, and the number of NSA employees that were given permissions to perform data transfers had not been lowered in an attempt to secure data. In three separate NSA facilities, in Texas, Utah, and North Carolina State University, the team conducting the security audit “observed unlocked server racks and sensitive equipment,” leaving data extremely easy to access. The declassified document further states that the “NSA did not keep accurate and detailed documentation that identified its methodology for completing each initiative,” and “did not describe how it measured the initiatives’ completeness and effectiveness. ” This means that these security vulnerabilities were still present within NSA systems up until August of 2016. The NSA will reportedly take the findings of the security audit into consideration while tightening their internal security, but due to the heavily redacted nature of the declassified document, it is hard to determine what the NSA plans to do about their network security. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5265,Buzzing Reporters and a Mystery Witness: Scenes from the Durst Hearing - The New York Times,"The coming trial of Robert A. Durst in Los Angeles may not have the star power of the 1995 murder trial of O. J. Simpson, the former N. F. L. running back and actor. Mr. Durst, although the offspring of a   Manhattan real estate family, does not have a similar claim to fame. He is charged with killing a confidante in her Los Angeles home 17 years ago for fear that she would cooperate with a renewed investigation into the disappearance of his first wife. But he drew widespread attention as the central figure in a 2015   HBO documentary  —   “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst”  —   that was broadcast internationally. Like Mr. Simpson, Mr. Durst, 73, has his own Dream Team of defense lawyers, including Dick DeGuerin and Chip Lewis, who won an acquittal for Mr. Durst in a 2003 murder trial in Texas David Z. Chesnoff, who has represented celebrities and mob figures and Donald M. Re, who represented a friend of Mr. Simpson’s in that 1995 trial. So it was perhaps fitting that Mr. Durst’s pretrial hearing last week in Los Angeles Superior Court had all the makings of a media frenzy. To gain access to the courtroom, the major television networks vied with TMZ, BuzzFeed, City News Service, Bloomberg, The Associated Press, Fox News, Courthouse News Service, Reuters, The Los Angeles Times, The Daily News, The New York Times and assorted bloggers. There were no cameras allowed at the hearing, however, because of a “mystery witness” who was being protected day and night by a Los Angeles SWAT team. Mary Hearn, the Superior Court’s director of public information, kept careful track of who filled the 42 seats inside the   court. The New York Times was not on “the list. ” But after some huffing and puffing, I was able to get inside. Six members of the defense team took up the seats in the gallery behind Mr. Durst, possibly to prevent reporters from getting too close to him. At least some of the reporters covering the hearing had not yet been born when Mr. Durst’s very twisty story began in 1982 with the vanishing of his wife, Kathleen Durst, several months before she would have graduated from medical school. Mr. Durst’s trial will most likely not take place until next year. But under California law, the prosecution can put witnesses on the stand who are 65 or older if there is a possibility the witness might not make it to trial, or if the witness is in potential danger. John Lewin, the deputy district attorney handling the case, explained that the “mystery witness” needed protection because Mr. Durst “kills witnesses,” a description that brought objections from the defense. Mr. Lewin may have a reason for obtaining testimony before the trial other than simply to preserve witness statements. He may be trying to send a message to Mr. Durst, who sat impassively in court listening to the proceeding over a pair of headphones: We’ve got you give up. The Dream Team is up against a prosecutor, and perhaps a less dreamy team of assistants, who has built a considerable reputation for winning cold cases. Mr. Lewin is bringing a circumstantial case. There were no witnesses to the   killing of Susan Berman, Mr. Durst’s close friend. Although Mr. Durst has never been charged with the murder of his first wife, and her body has not been found, Mr. Lewin has planned to describe how Mr. Durst killed her in 1982. Mr. Durst has been his own worst enemy in the case, having made a series of damaging statements in “The Jinx” in a nearly   interrogation by Mr. Lewin in New Orleans, after he was arrested on a Los Angeles murder warrant and in conversations with his friends. It remains to be seen, however, how much of that material will be admitted in court. The first witness last Tuesday was Albert Kuperman, an    former dean of the medical school that Kathleen Durst attended between 1978 and 1982. Although he knew her only in passing, he described her as a diligent student. The crux of his testimony had to do with a telephone call to his office on Feb. 1, 1982, the day after Ms. Durst disappeared, from a woman who may or may not have been her. Mr. Kuperman said he could not be sure who the caller was. Investigators have long suspected that Mr. Durst’s friend, Ms. Berman, made the call at his behest, after Ms. Durst was dead. The defense challenged Mr. Kuperman with his prior statements to investigators in 1982 and to the producers of “The Jinx,” in which he seemed far more certain that the caller was Ms. Durst. Mr. Kuperman said that no one had ever asked him how often he had spoken to Ms. Durst or how well he might recognize her voice. I briefly became the story before testimony resumed on Wednesday. The court had to review a motion by the defense to sequester me from the trial. Mr. Chesnoff argued that I had “spent a career investigating Mr. Durst and circumstances surrounding Mr. Durst’s entanglements. ” Indeed, I have been writing about Mr. Durst for a long time. During interviews with the prosecutor, Mr. Chesnoff said, the “mystery witness” claimed to be a friend of mine. The defense planned to call me as a witness in the hope that I would be able to impeach the mystery witness’s current testimony by referring to my interviews with the witness over the past 17 years. “Mr. Bagli,” Mr. Chesnoff said, “is a lot more credible than the secret witness. ” A lawyer for The New York Times, Theodore M. Kider, said that sequestration would be a “dangerous and unprecedented” violation of the First Amendment. He said sequestering, in essence, would penalize a reporter for doing a good job. Besides, he added, California’s shield law would prevent the defense from calling a reporter as a witness. Judge Mark E. Windham rejected the defense motion, and the hearings resumed. Then came the “mystery witness”: Nick Chavin, a New York real estate advertising executive who was close to both Mr. Durst and Ms. Berman for many years. A   members of the SWAT team sat in the jury box during his testimony. Mr. Chavin offered two striking stories. After Kathleen Durst vanished, he said, Ms. Berman told him on several occasions that “Bobby” had killed his wife. She said that nothing could be done about “Kathie” but that they had a duty to protect “Bobby. ” Mr. Chavin initially testified that he did not believe her. Ms. Berman, he said, was a “liar” and had a penchant for the dramatic. It was a story he told me in 2000 and for years afterward. But his view of his longtime friend changed, Mr. Chavin said, after he went to dinner in Manhattan with Mr. Durst. Mr. Chavin testified that as the two men parted that night, Mr. Durst said: “I had to. It was her or me I had no choice. ” Mr. Chavin then described a   period in 2015 of torment as Mr. Lewin, the prosecutor, sought his cooperation. He said he was torn between his loyalty to his friend and a desire to honor the memory of his other best friend, Ms. Berman. The defense peppered Mr. Chavin with questions, suggesting that he had made up the story about Mr. Durst’s confession.",0
5266,Newsticker (976),"+++ Muss morgen früh raus: Blinddarmpatient stellt Wecker +++ +++ ""Du Glas!"": Passant brüllt Parfümerieschaufenster an +++ +++ Gewinnt die Oberhand: Kannibale sichert sich bei Streit ein Stück vom Kellner +++ +++ Landete im Zuchthaus: Verurteilter Gen-Forscher kann Arbeit fortsetzen +++ +++ Pupatääät: Teenager furzt in Vaters Trompete +++ +++ Wieder will ich: Nymphomanin zwingt Mann zum Sex +++ +++ Klebt an seinem Stuhl: Professor will trotz Studentenstreichen nicht in Rente gehen +++ sta, kol, mvp, evw, sch, tom/tsc, kli/oga Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++ Artikel teilen:",0
5267,12 and 63-minute videos: Donald Trump connects to false flag targeting Muslims. Did you really think our ‘masters’ offer anything other than false choice between Left and Right arms of a .01% US rogue state?,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by Carl Herman 
John Hankey ’s documentary of the assassination of President Kennedy is the single most favorite of my US History students among ~100 film clips I show as a National Board Certified Teacher (shown below). John is a retired Advanced Placement US History teacher, and the best documentary I’ve found on that game-changing history revealing the US rogue state . 
John’s sharp 12-minute video, Is Donald Trump for Real? 
John has rushed to create the following 63-minute documentary connecting Donald Trump to the .01% criminal rogue state leaders: The first 27 minutes document that the Orlando “shooting” included concocted rhetoric to promote fear of so-called “radical Muslims.” This connects to FBI Director James Comey, who refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton for obvious crimes of secret State Department communications hiding Clinton Foundation looting in the billions, then attempting to destroy the e-mail evidence . This expands into CIA/US intelligence interests to recruit assets they use for rogue state actions , but pitch to assets as patriotic undercover service. John’s analysis concludes that since 9/11, any so-called “leader” fear-mongering of “radicalized Islam” are the real terrorists of the US rogue state. The head cheerleader for this fear is Rudy Giuliani, John Trump’s alleged Director of Homeland Security . 
John’s commentary for this work: 
I didn’t expect Trump to bring Rudy Giuliani into his campaign. I didn’t anticipate the speeches either of them would give at the convention. I didn’t expect Trump to pick someone as dark and dirty as Mike Pence as his vice President. Trump has tied himself, through his policies and speeches, to the perpetrators of both 911 and Orlando. That’s what I learned making this video. 
What is the lesson from the 9-11 attacks? Who did the Orlando attacks? This video answers both questions. FBI director, Comey, and the entire FBI organization, began lying and covering up, within hours, perhaps minutes, of the Orlando shooting. He is clearly implicated. This is the same Comey that is in the news right now, holding himself up as a paragon of virtue. 
I didn’t expect to learn what I did learn about the shooter: that he went along on ride-alongs with police in high school; that he told his high school friends that he wanted to be a cop; that he was hired by the state of Florida directly out of high school as a prison guard; that he got a degree in police science from the local college; that he worked for the most prestigious, high-security, government-contracted security firm in the world for the last 10 years. He received good reviews in every one of these positions from his supervisors. The FBI saw fit to not mention any of that in their discussions of him. The shooter was gay, and most definitely not devout as a Muslim. Dozens of witnesses say he was the nicest guy you’d ever want to meet. And he supported Hillary for president. Clearly he was expendable. 
John’s game-changing documentary on the JFK assassination, Dark Legacy, in its 2-minute trailer : 
1-minute video of George Bush, Sr.’s apparent duping delight of JFK’s assassination: 
Dark Legacy highlights in ten minutes : 
Full Dark Legacy documentary in 103 minutes : 
My context for the .01% immediate history: The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting’ for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Donate Recent Posts",0
5268,Dakota Access v Human Rights,"By William Boardman, Reader Supported News Obama Is Pathetic on Human Rights in North Dakota 
We’re monitoring this closely. And, you know, I think, as a general rule, my view is that there is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans. And I think that right now the Army Corps is examining whether there are ways to reroute this pipeline in a way…. So—so, we’re going to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that I think is properly attentive to the traditions of the first Americans…. – President Obama on the Now This News website , November 1, 2016 I sn’t that sweet? The President gave lip service to “the traditions of the first Americans.” He didn’t mention treaties between sovereign nations, of course, because he’s not about to break with the traditions of the second Americans: that such treaties are only a means to a genocidal end and aren’t to be taken seriously by the United States of exceptional, manifestly destined Americans whenever such treaties interfere with what the US wants. That’s what “properly attentive” means historically. Freely translated, “properly attentive” means “make a show of peace talk, them roll over them with whatever force necessary after it’s too late to affect the election.” The legal mind is nothing if not properly attentive to elegant turns of phrase in its unyielding hypocrisy. If the President had any intention of honoring anything relating to the sacred lands of Native Americans, he would not be planning to “let it play out for several more weeks.” Sacred lands have already been destroyed. Sacred lands are being destroyed no, not only by the pipeline construction but also by the massive militarized police response to nonviolent protest. Letting it play out for several more weeks only opens the door to the destruction of more – even all – of the sacred lands in the path of this lethal-to-the-planet pipeline. What is happening, what has been happening for months in North Dakota , is a travesty – of justice, of common human decency, of the rule of law and standards of international law. And our president is on the wrong side of all of it, just barely responding in his docile, passive, articulate evasiveness. “We’re monitoring this closely,” says the President I f the President is monitoring this closely and remains willing to let it play out for several more weeks, that’s a pretty clear signal that he has no serious problem with the creation of police state conditions in North Dakota. Besides an unknown number of private security forces working for Energy Transfer Partners (the pipeline sponsor), there are law enforcement officers from at least seven states that have cost about $10 million so far. That seems a ridiculously high price to pay to contain peaceful protest. And it’s an even more ridiculous price for taxpayers to shell out to protect private profits. If the President is monitoring this closely without responding, that is a tacit admission that he has no serious problem with any of the egregious behavior so far by official and quasi-official paramilitaries and their wide-ranging mistreatment (apparently including criminal assault) of American citizens. In particular, he has allowed and continues to allow himself to be seen as approving: Unlicensed, apparently untrained private security forces using dogs to bloody peaceful protesters (who call themselves water protectors). State officials arresting and over-charging journalists for committing journalism. A local sheriff inflaming the public with false reports of “pipe bombs,” when what he had actually heard was talk of “peace pipes.” Law officers shooting nonviolent water protectors in the back and front with rubber bullets. State officials housing arrestees in dog cages and conditions that violate international law against torturing prisoners. Law officers on the riverbank using mace and pepper spray against nonviolent water protectors standing in the water. Official surveillance helicopters flying low to panic horses. Official surveillance helicopters mysteriously going off duty just before “persons unknown” start a prairie fire (with such ineptitude that the wind blows it away from the Standing Rock Sioux gathering ground). Apparent contempt of court by Energy Transfer Partners, who sent its bulldozers to destroy a burial ground that, once destroyed, could no longer be a reason for a federal court to rule against the pipeline. Desecration is not a criminal act, apparently, when you have a government permit for it, even when that permit is under litigation. That’s a lot of official abuse to tolerate, even for a president, and that’s just a sampling of the police state techniques being tested in Middle America these days. “And I think that right now the Army Corps is examining whether there are ways to reroute this pipeline in a way …” T he President paused there, leaving the thought unfinished. The pipeline has already been re-routed, away from the state capital city of Bismarck after residents there expressed fear that the pipeline threatened their water supply. Now the pipeline threatens the water supply of the Standing Rock Sioux (and thousands of others), but that is more acceptable to the American power structure. The President has expressed no dismay at the idea that a pipeline rupture along the Missouri River would devastate huge numbers of “the first Americans,” who have no other source of water. As one water protector put it : “If it were to be contaminated,… it would be a death sentence.” Why does the President think rerouting a climate-hostile pipeline is any kind of an answer to anything other than protecting the speculative bets of Energy Transfer Partners? If he were to consider this pipeline (any new pipeline) in terms of its impact on global climate values, this would be a no-brainer: no more pipelines. This is the Army Corps of Engineers we’re talking about – the Army – and the President is the commander in chief who has no difficulty blowing up wedding parties and funerals with drones in some imaginary defense of national security. Why does he have such reluctance to protect planetary security? Why does he not just order the Army Corp of Engineers to go back to square one and re-do this process which was fast-tracked in the first place, for reasons that remain murky, and with the exclusion of interested parties with legal standing. But President Obama, on full salary as he campaigns for Hillary Clinton, shows no inclination to do any of this well or right. He’s apparently much more confortable with false equivalencies and blaming the victims (also on Now This News): Yeah, I mean, it’s a challenging situation. I think that my general rule when I talk to governors and state and local officials, whenever they’re dealing with protests, including, for example, during the Black Lives Matters protests, is there is an obligation for protesters to be peaceful, and there’s an obligation for authorities to show restraint. And, you know, I want to make sure that as everybody is exercising their constitutional rights to be heard, that both sides are refraining from situations that might result in people being hurt. For someone supposedly monitoring this closely, the President might be expected to know that people have already been hurt and most if not all of those hurt were nonviolent, peaceful protestors set upon by dogs and assaulted by rubber bullets, sound cannons, and chemical weapons. What fundamental, callous irrationality prompts this president to bring in Black Lives Matter? That is strange beyond comprehension. But perhaps it shines a light on that dark place in his soul that allowed him to react with almost no help or pity for the people of Flint, poisoned by their own governments, including the one President Obama is supposed to lead. Reader Supported News is the Publication of Origin for this work. Permission to republish is freely granted with credit and a link back to Reader Supported News.   PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR William M. Boardman has over 40 years experience in theatre, radio, TV, print journalism, and non-fiction, including 20 years in the Vermont judiciary. He has received honors from Writers Guild of America, Corporation for Public Broadcasting, Vermont Life magazine, and an Emmy Award nomination from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda?  ",0
5269,Billionaire: “Single Digit Millionaires” Are Too Poor to Get Justice In America,"Two Systems of Justice In America: One for the Ultra-Wealthy … Another For Everyone Else 
Billionaire Peter Thiel said yesterday: 
If you’re a single-digit millionaire … you have no effective access to our legal system. 
Thiel is saying even plain vanilla millionaires can’t afford justice in America. 
Fordham Law School professor and criminal justice expert John Pfaff notes that – using 2007 numbers – many states’ entire budgets for legal defense for people who can’t afford a lawyer is in the single-digit millions: 1. As of 2007, four states’ ENTIRE INDIGENT DEFENSE BUDGET were “single-digit millionaires.” 
Maine: $9.6M",0
5270,5 Treadmill Tips to Burn More Calories and 5 Common Mistakes to Avoid,"Prev post Page 1 of 3 Next 
It’s time for a workout, and you want to get the most out of it. This should always be the case (otherwise, why bother?), but many people get so accustomed to routines that they can be doing more harm than good. Variety is one of the keys to any workout, and running is no different. 
You may think of the treadmill as tedious and tiring, but there are ways that it can be just as much fun as the most exciting marathon or run on the beach. Most people look at the time they spend on the treadmill as a boring necessity that they have to put their heads down and power through, but it can be exciting and fun if done the right way. This is especially the case when you know that you are getting the absolute most out of your treadmill time. 
Many of us would prefer to do our running outside, but the old hamster wheel can have added advantages and benefits when you know what you’re doing. By the same token, it can be self-defeating if you hit a rut or make many common mistakes. 
That’s why we put together this list. There are a few easy steps you can take (no pun intended) to turn that boring old task into an exciting, calorie burning blast, and we want to help you do that. We also want to help you avoid many of the common– and sometimes silly– mistakes that can waste precious workout time and energy. Some of these mistakes can even be harmful if not cleaned up and corrected. 
So first, let’s start with the good stuff. Follow these five simple treadmill hacks to make sure your next time out is more productive than ever! 1. Mix Things Up 
This is the easiest way to turn what is usually the boring drudge of the treadmill into a more exciting way of spending your gym time. Variety is also one of the most important weapons in your fat burning arsenal. Mixing things up will provide your body the challenge it needs to shed unwanted pounds in a hurry. 
The simplest way to start doing this is to up your intensity and/or duration. However, this can present some problems in itself. If you work too close to your maximum heart rate, you can easily tire yourself out too quickly. On the other hand, we want to burn calories now and slower, steadier workouts can take longer to show results. 
The right variety will help you find that perfect soft spot right in the middle. For some days, just do your usual routine of 20 or 30 minutes a little faster than normal. For other days, go slower and longer for around an hour. We know, nobody wants slow or long; but trust us, just keep reading. 2. Use Intervals of Speed 
This is all about pushing your body just far enough to burn the most calories without needing to be carried out the gym. You will want to sprinkle in short bursts of sprinting throughout your workout. Remember that thing we said about keep reading? Well, here is a tip that will help you cut time and pounds in one simple step. 
Research shows that running hard for two minutes then slowing down for three will burn more calories than just the boring slow and steady routine. That same research also says doing that will help you drop up to four percent more body fat in a few weeks if done regularly.The best way to do this is with 1:2 intervals. For example, using this technique you would increase your speed for around 30 to 60 seconds then drop it back to normal for 60 to 120 seconds. Make sense? 
It could take some time to find that perfect sweet spot of speed intervals since it will be different for each individual. You want a speed that takes effort to hold for two to five minutes but don’t overdo it. The goal is to find the speed that makes you feel invigorated as opposed to one that makes you fall off the treadmill with exhaustion. You can eventually build up to higher speeds, but it will all depend on your experience. Prev post Page 1 of 3 Next Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment ",0
5271,Donald Trump Suggests ‘Second Amendment People’ Could Act Against Hillary Clinton - The New York Times,"WILMINGTON, N. C.  —   Donald J. Trump on Tuesday appeared to raise the possibility that gun rights supporters could take matters into their own hands if Hillary Clinton is elected president and appoints judges who favor stricter gun control measures. Repeating his contention that Mrs. Clinton wanted to abolish the right to bear arms, Mr. Trump warned at a rally here that it would be “a horrible day” if Mrs. Clinton were elected and got to appoint a tiebreaking Supreme Court justice. “If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks,” Mr. Trump said, as the crowd began to boo. He quickly added: “Although the Second Amendment people  —   maybe there is, I don’t know. ” Oblique as it was, Mr. Trump’s remark quickly elicited a wave of condemnation from Democrats, gun control advocates and others, who accused him of suggesting violence against Mrs. Clinton or liberal jurists. Bernice A. King, daughter of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. called Mr. Trump’s words “distasteful, disturbing, dangerous. ” Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, expressed disbelief. “Nobody who is seeking a leadership position, especially the presidency, the leadership of the country, should do anything to countenance violence, and that’s what he was saying,” Mr. Kaine said in Austin, Tex. He called Mr. Trump’s remark “a window into the soul of a person who is just temperamentally not suited to the task. ” And Dan Gross, the president of the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which has endorsed Mrs. Clinton, said Mr. Trump’s statement was “repulsive  —   literally using the Second Amendment as cover to encourage people to kill someone with whom they disagree. ” “For Trump, violence has become a standard talking point, a common punch line, and even a campaign strategy,” Mr. Gross said. Paul D. Ryan, the Republican House speaker who has had a tense relationship with Mr. Trump, told reporters on Tuesday night that the remarks sounded “like a joke gone bad. ” He added: “You should never joke about that. I hope he clears it up quickly. ” Mr. Trump and his campaign did not treat his remark as a joke instead, they insisted he was merely urging gun rights supporters to vote as a bloc against Mrs. Clinton. “The Second Amendment people have tremendous power because they are so united,” he told a CBS affiliate in North Carolina late Tuesday. In an interview with Fox News, Mr. Trump grew adamant. “There can be no other interpretation,” he said, adding, “I mean, give me a break. ” But at his rally earlier in the day, Mr. Trump had actually been discussing what could happen once Mrs. Clinton was president, not before the election. And even many in the audience seemed caught by surprise. Video showed a man just over Mr. Trump’s shoulder go   and turn to his companion, apparently in disbelief, when Mr. Trump made the remark. The uproar over Mr. Trump’s    remark came as his campaign has been faced with a series of public opinion surveys showing him quickly losing ground to Mrs. Clinton, and just a day after his campaign called his delivery of a prepared economic speech in Detroit, evidence of a newfound political discipline. Mr. Trump’s fellow opponents of gun control stood by him, focusing on his depiction of Mrs. Clinton as a threat to the Second Amendment. “Donald Trump is absolutely correct,” said Jennifer Baker, a strategist for the National Rifle Association. “If Hillary Clinton is elected, there is nothing we can do to stop her from nominating an   Supreme Court justice who will vote to overturn the individual right of   citizens to own a gun in their home for protection. ” The association also began running a new commercial characterizing Mrs. Clinton as “one of the wealthiest women in politics” and calling her a hypocrite for favoring gun restrictions while having been “protected by armed guards for 30 years. ” Her gun policies, the ad says, would leave ordinary people “defenseless. ” Veiled references to gun violence have tripped up candidates before. In 2010, Sharron Angle, a Nevada Republican challenging the Senate majority leader at the time, Harry Reid, severely damaged her unsuccessful candidacy while discussing the importance of the Second Amendment. “When you read that Constitution and the founding fathers, they intended this to stop tyranny,” she said, adding: “It’s to defend ourselves. And you know, I’m hoping that we’re not getting to Second Amendment remedies. I hope the vote will be the cure for the Harry Reid problems. ” Mrs. Clinton herself learned the hard way: In June 2008, shortly before she conceded defeat in her Democratic primary contest with Barack Obama, she defended her perseverance in a way that critics said alluded to the possibility that Mr. Obama could be gunned down. “We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California,” Mrs. Clinton said. She apologized hours later. Mr. Trump did not repeat his violent insinuation at a later event in Fayetteville, N. C. But Senator Chris Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, who has championed gun control since the Sandy Hook mass shooting in his state, called Mr. Trump’s remarks “disgusting and embarrassing and sad. ” “This isn’t play,” Mr. Murphy wrote. “Unstable people with powerful guns and an unhinged hatred for Hillary are listening to you, @realDonaldTrump. ” The condemnation from Mr. Trump’s critics across the political spectrum was deep. On Twitter, the conservative writer John Podhoretz, in a series of posts, wrote that Mr. Trump had implied that all Second Amendment supporters were “potential assassins. ” He added that a president’s words “CANNOT MEAN NOTHING. They are the most important words spoken in the world. ” And Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California, wrote on Twitter that the Secret Service should investigate Mr. Trump for making a death threat against Mrs. Clinton: “Donald Trump suggested someone kill Sec. Clinton. We must take people at their word. ” A Secret Service spokesman, who refused to identify himself, said that the agency was “aware of the comments” but did not elaborate. Others seized on Mr. Trump’s remark as an occasion for mockery. Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, wrote on Twitter that Mr. Trump “makes death threats because he’s a pathetic coward who can’t handle the fact that he’s losing to a girl. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign events have grown increasingly vitriolic, with angry chants and jeers directed at Mrs. Clinton. People at his rallies have, with greater frequency, loudly called for violence against Mrs. Clinton  —   catcalls that Mr. Trump has generally let pass. And on Saturday, Mr. Trump praised his New Hampshire state   State Representative Al Baldasaro, who said recently that Mrs. Clinton deserved to face a firing squad over the F. B. I. ’s investigation of her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. In Wilmington on Tuesday, chants of “lock her up,” which first gained traction during the Republican National Convention, were loud and frequent before Mr. Trump took the stage. But one speaker, former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York, tried to tamp those down. “No, no, we’re here to beat her, and keep her out of Washington,” Mr. Giuliani said. He was interrupted by the same chant minutes later.",0
5272,"‘Gambia Is Back Again,’ but Its New Leader Is Still in Senegal - The New York Times","DAKAR, Senegal  —   Four days into his term, tucked into a sofa 150 miles outside the country he was elected to rule, President Adama Barrow of Gambia pledged on Sunday to improve his country’s economy, free its political prisoners and create a commission to look into the brutal legacy of his predecessor. But first he has to get home. Mr. Barrow, 51, has been stuck in neighboring Senegal for a week, waiting for the incumbent he defeated, Yahya Jammeh, to step down and leave the country. After initially accepting his loss in the December presidential election, Mr. Jammeh reversed himself, called for a new vote and refused to give up power when his term ended on Thursday. Afraid for his safety, Mr. Barrow fled to Senegal and was sworn in during an inauguration at the Gambian Embassy in Dakar. A coalition of other African countries sent troops into Gambia to evict Mr. Jammeh by force if necessary, and on Saturday night, Mr. Jammeh finally let go. He boarded a plane headed for exile, accompanied by the president of Guinea, who had gone to Gambia to persuade him to leave. Mr. Jammeh’s first stop was Conakry, Guinea. But it was not clear where his final new home would be. The departure paved the way for Mr. Barrow to take over, but on Sunday afternoon, he was still at a house he owns in Dakar, trying to sort out the details of his return home. It could take several days yet security advisers were scheduled to go to Banjul, the capital, on Monday to assess the situation and prepare for his safe arrival.   after having awakened late in the morning, the unassuming president sank into a giant couch that seemed to absorb him, and spoke of his hopes for his administration. “Gambia is back again,” said Mr. Barrow, who wore a shiny brown traditional gown and leather sandals. “We have been isolated for so many years, and we want Gambia to be very active again in this world. ” Mr. Jammeh, who took office after a 1994 coup, imprisoned numerous journalists and political opponents during his tenure, some of whom died in jail. His rule was erratic, and made headlines for his claim to have cured AIDS with herbs, a prayer and a banana he also called for beheading gay people. His actions prompted thousands of Gambians to flee the country, and the nation’s weak economy prompted hundreds more to try to make the dangerous trek across the desert and the Mediterranean to look for work in Europe. More recently, an estimated 45, 000 Gambians had rushed across the border to Senegal, fearing violence if Mr. Jammeh were forcibly removed from office, and causing the United Nations to worry about a humanitarian crisis. On Sunday, many of those Gambians began to return home. Officials released a joint declaration by the United Nations, the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States on Sunday that “assures and ensures the dignity, respect, security and rights” of Mr. Jammeh, his family and his loyal supporters, so that “there is no intimidation, harassment     of former regime members and supporters. ” The document, which refers to Mr. Jammeh by his preferred honorifics  —   H. E. (for “his excellency”) Sheikh Professor Alhaji Dr. Yahya A. J. J. Jammeh  —   goes on to say that the organizations that issued the report are committed to preventing the seizure of assets of Mr. Jammeh and his family and loyalists. And it says the organizations will work to ensure that in whichever countries offer “African hospitality” to Mr. Jammeh and his family, they do not “become undue targets of harassment, intimidation and all other pressures and sanctions. ” Mr. Barrow said he had planned to create a truth and reconciliation commission to look into the Jammeh government. He said he would wait for the commission’s recommendations before taking action. “It’s a resolution it’s not an agreement,” Mr. Barrow said of the document. Until last fall, Mr. Barrow ran a real estate agency in Gambia and was a fairly   member of an opposition party. But Mr. Jammeh began to jail the party’s leaders, and Mr. Barrow found himself rising from the vacuum, assuming the party’s candidacy for president and winning a surprise victory over the authoritarian Mr. Jammeh. Mr. Barrow said on Sunday that his chief priority would be to work on improving the economy in Gambia, where there is widespread unemployment. But he offered no specifics, saying instead that he would assemble a team of experts to figure out how to get the economy back on track. He said he had planned to release anyone imprisoned in Gambia for political reasons, a hallmark of Mr. Jammeh’s presidency and one that alienated him from human rights groups and many Western democracies. “Political prisoners will be freed immediately when I get home,” Mr. Barrow said. “All political prisoners. ” While a great many people in Gambia will welcome Mr. Barrow when he finally returns, Mr. Jammeh still has supporters. Many turned out in tears Saturday night to bid him farewell at the Banjul airport, where he arrived in his  . Mr. Barrow said he did not think Mr. Jammeh’s loyalists would present problems for his administration. On Sunday, some Gambians were appalled at the pomp that accompanied Mr. Jammeh on his way out. A military band showed up at the airport to play for him as he walked along a red carpet to a waiting airplane. “That man should have left this country in handcuffs,” said Alpha Gaye, a taxi driver in Serekunda, just west of the capital. “I will be very angry if Yahya Jammeh goes without punishment. He should die in jail. ”",0
5273,Republican Leader Now Proposes Taking Away Seniors’ Healthcare; Blames Obama – New Century Times,"Share on Facebook 
President Obama is just weeks away from leaving office. Our biggest nightmare, backed by a fully Republican Congress, is about to take over. What that means, other than a far more hateful environment throughout the nation, is that a lot of people will lose a lot. Millions will lose healthcare. They don’t care. The national parks could be put on the auction block. They don’t care. Republicans have already started stripping seniors of their healthcare, and don’t let them try to sell you on the benefits of privatization. There aren’t any. 
House Speaker Paul Ryan appeared on Special Report on Fox with Bret Baier. Ryan, now that he has a Republican in the White House, is set to start right away repealing the Affordable Care Act even Medicare. Well, he wants to privatize Medicare. 
“Your solution has always been to put things together, including entitlement reform,” says Baier, using Republican code for privatizing Medicare. Ryan replies, “If you’re going to repeal and replace Obamacare, you have to address those issues as well. … Medicare has got some serious issues because of Obamacare. So those things are part of our plan to replace Obamacare.” 
Ryan tells Baier, “Because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke.” This is false. In fact, it’s the complete opposite of the truth. The Medicare trust fund has been extended 11 years as a result of the passage of Obamacare, whose cost reforms have helped bring health care inflation to historic lows. It is also untrue that repealing Obamacare requires changing traditional Medicare. But Ryan clearly believes he needs to make this claim in order to sell his plan, or probably even to convince fellow Republicans to support it. 
Source: Reverb Press 
Here’s the video: 
Ryan, as usual, has it completely backwards. The Affordable Care Act is keeping Medicare afloat. Medicare is also solvent until 2028 and it’s an easy fix to keep it solvent beyond that. 
Health reform, along with other factors, has significantly improved Medicare’s financial outlook, boosting revenues and making the program more efficient. The HI trust fund is now projected to remain solvent 11 years longer than before the Affordable Care Act was enacted. And the HI program’s projected 75-year shortfall of 0.73 percent of taxable payroll is much less than the 3.88 percent of payroll that the trustees estimated before health reform. (See Figure 1.) This means that Congress could close the projected funding gap by raising the Medicare payroll tax — now 1.45 percent each for employers and employees — to about 1.8 percent, or by enacting an equivalent mix of program cuts and tax increases. 
Source: Center on Budget and Policy Priorities 
What privatization would mean to seniors is that instead of direct coverage, they would get subsidies from which seniors would have to buy their own insurance. Now, let’s forget for a moment that the subsidies will probably not be enough to pay for private coverage, which is much, much more expensive, but if the Affordable Care Act is overturned, it will mean that preexisting conditions will be back. It’s a rare senior (or person) who doesn’t have at least one preexisting condition. In other words, privatizing Medicare will be a huge giveaway to insurance companies, but seniors will be screwed. ",0
5274,Schumer Calls on Sessions to Resign - We Need A Special Prosecutor - Breitbart,"Thursday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.  Schumer also called for a special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate. Schumer said, “Last night, when I read the revelations regarding Attorney General Sessions’ contact with the Russian ambassador and his decision to mislead congress about those contacts, I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach. I worried about the future of our country with foreign influenceIin our elections. It goes to the very wellspring of our democracy. For weeks I have said that Attorney General Sessions needs to himself from any investigation into contacts between the president and his associates on the campaign and transition and Russia. For weeks, I made clear that I believe Attorney General Sessions’ close relationship with the Trump campaign requires that he recuse himself from the executive branch investigation into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. ” “It’s a matter of Department of Justice guidelines that I’ve read to you several times that are very clear,” he continued. “The guidelines are clear as day. Yet Attorney General Sessions has demurred. The information reported last night makes it clear beyond the shadow of a doubt that Attorney General Sessions cannot possibly lead an investigation into Russian interference in our elections or come anywhere near it. With these revelations, he may very well become the subject of it. It would be of ‘Alice in Wonderland’ quality of this administration were to sanction him to investigate himself. Recusal should have been given. But this goes beyond that. He had weeks, Attorney General Sessions had weeks to correct the record that he made before the Judiciary Committee. ” “But he let the record stand,” Schumer added. “There cannot be even the scintilla of doubt about the impartiality and fairness of the attorney general, the top law enforcement official of the land. After this, it’s clear Attorney General Sessions does not meet that test. Because the justice department should be above reproach, for the good of the country, Attorney General Sessions should resign. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5275,Limbaugh: Democrats would 'destroy Jesus Christ',"Actor Jim Caviezel portraying Jesus in “The Passion of the Christ.” 
Jesus Christ of Nazareth is not the Republican nominee for president in this election cycle. 
But if He were, Democrats would try to “destroy” Him in the same manner they’re attacking the 2016 GOP candidate, Donald Trump. 
That’s according to radio host Rush Limbaugh, who hypothesized what this year’s race would look like if the Son of God were at the top of the Republican ticket. 
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support! 
“It doesn’t matter who the Republicans would have nominated, they were gonna get the treatment Trump’s getting. It wouldn’t have mattered,” Limbaugh said Wednesday. 
“They would go out of their way to find ways to destroy Jesus Christ if he could be nominated as a Republican. The Democrats would do everything they could, include calling Him a liar, the Bible a fake book, whatever it took.” Rush Limbaugh 
And despite the fact the Bible never indicates Jesus was married or had sex out of wedlock, Limbaugh suggested Democrats would do their best effort in trying to find any of His offspring: 
“They would scour the historical record looking for children He had fathered, anything they could do to disapprove the gospel to discredit Jesus. That’s who they are. That’s what they would do.” 
Limbaugh said the point he was stressing was that Republicans would never escape “this kind of media assault based on who we nominate.” Donald Trump’s RNC acceptance speech (Photo: Screenshot from RNC live feed) 
“I say this because a lot of you Never Trumpers are out there claiming that this is exactly what you get when you nominate a guy like Trump. No, it’s exactly what you get when you nominate a Republican. Whenever there is any opposition to the Democrats, this is what they do. It doesn’t matter. They’re gonna do it. They did it to Romney … 
“I’ve made this point ’til I blue in the face. They turned Romney, who is mild-mannered Mr. Gosh, Can’t Even Get Noticed into the biggest walking Satan, El Diablo politics had ever seen at that time, and they made it stick So this is why I think Trump has so many people supporting him. He’s fighting back against it when most Republicans haven’t and don’t.” 
As an example of how media treatment of Republicans has not changed, Limbaugh played an excerpt of 1980 election-night coverage from CBS. Commentator Bill Moyers characterized the race before it was known that Republican Ronald Reagan would easily defeat Democrat Jimmy Carter. Moyers stated: 
“Those of you who might speak Spanish, who might be black, who might be women, remember,” said Carter, “who’s been your friend.” And there under the California sun in San Diego at a shopping center, Ronald Reagan was delivering himself of one of those patriotic soliloquies at which he’s been a master since his days at Eureka College. Suddenly hecklers in the crowd started shouting and waving their ERA signs. Reagan took his cue and snapped back, “Aw, shut up!” 
And thousands of supporters roared their approval. Those are the people for whom Ronald Reagan is the apostle of the rollback, the knight who promises finally to slay the dragon of liberal government. Jimmy Carter won four years ago as an outsider, and, if he wins at all tonight, it must be as an insider defending the status quo. Reagan has cast himself as a sheriff who comes riding into town at just in the nick of time shouting, “Enough’s enough.” 
“Does it sound like anything has changed in the way these people see the world?” Limbaugh asked. “Not an iota!” 
Follow Joe Kovacs on Twitter @JoeKovacsNews",0
5276,Doug Band Warning: Chelsea “Conducting An Internal Investigation” Of Foundation And Shared With A “Bush 43 Kid”,"
Two days ago we wrote about a mutiny of CHAI management against the Clinton Foundation after they grew weary of donors’ complaints about conflicts of interest…apparently donors weren’t happy contributing money to the Clinton Foundation for their AIDS/HIV work only to find out later that the money never actually made it to the Clinton Health Initiative but instead stayed within the Clinton Foundation.
And, of course, the 2011/2012 feud between Doug Band and Chelsea Clinton is also something we’ve covered at great length (see here and here ).
Now, today’s WikiLeaks dump reveals yet another gem in the Doug/Chelsea saga which draws in one of the “Bush 43 kids.”
I just received a call from a close friend of wjcs who said that cvc told one of the bush 43 kids that she is conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi to the foundation 
The bush kid then told someone else who then told an operative within the republican party 

“Not smart”, indeed.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",0
5277,"Syrian War Report – October 28, 2016: Militants Make Do-Or-Die Attempt to Break Aleppo Siege","Trump’s grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 28, 2016: Militants Make Do-Or-Die Attempt to Break Aleppo Siege By South Front on October 28, 2016 …from SouthFront 
On October 28, the joint militant forces launched a full-scale offensive in order to break the siege of militant-controlled neighborhoods of Aleppo city that had been set by the Syrian government forces. The operation was led by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian Al-Qaeda branch). Jaish al-Mujahideen, Fastaqim Kama Umirt, Faylaq al-Sham, Ajnad al-Sham, Ahrar al-Sham and the Islamic Front joint the offensive. 
The attack begun with massive shelling of the al-Assad Neighborhood in western Aleppo with ‘Grad’ missiles, artillery and mortars. Then, three vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices [suicide – 2, remote controlled – 1] targeted the government positions and the militants launched the main phase of the attack in the direction of Al-Assad Military Academy. 
In total, about 3,000 fighters, up to 30 artillery units and unspecified number of heavy military equipment were involved in the operation. The pro-government forces responded with massive artillery fire and air strikes. Air raids were also reported in the area of Khan Tuman, serving the rear base of attack. 
Considering the sides’ military capabilities and the terrain features, SF forecasts that the terrorists will not be able to break the siege of Aleppo in case of the effective operations by the Syrian military staff. 
The Kurdish YPG have killed over 30 members of Turkish-backed militant groups in clashes near the village of Tall Malid in northern Syria, according to pro-Kurdish sources. Since October 26, YPG units have conducte da series of attacks on the Turkish-backed militant alliance, known as the Free Syrian Army (FSA), and retook the villages of Tall Malid, Jisr ash-Samuqah and others – from it. 
In a separate development, the Turkish forces seized the villages of Diwêr El-Hewa and Eblayê that had been controlled by ISIS. 
On October 27, the Syrian army’s Tiger Forces and the National Defense Forces liberated the strategic town of Suran in northern Hama. Then, the government forces launched an advance on Taibat Imam. On October 28, clashes continued in the area. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 28, 2016, With 617 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
5278,Rulings and Remarks Tell Divided Story of an 8-Member Supreme Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court is trying hard to reach common ground in the wake of the vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February. But some justices are trying harder than others. A burst of 11 decisions issued in just over a week in late May provided one telling snapshot of a court divided over the value of consensus. A series of public remarks last week from three justices delivered another. The court seems to have split into two camps, with the four justices at its ideological center working diligently to deliver unified opinions. The remaining members of the court seem less committed to that project. The recent run of rulings, accounting for more than a quarter of all decisions in argued cases so far this term, tells the story. The court’s most conservative members  —   Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr.  —   wrote eight concurrences or dissents. Its two most liberal members  —   Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor  —   wrote four. The remaining justices make up the new center of the court. Three of them  —   Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Elena Kagan  —   voted together in every case, and Justice Stephen G. Breyer cast a single dissenting vote. None wrote a concurrence or dissent. Two members of that core group offered public reflections last week on the court’s current state, declaring themselves satisfied. “I try to achieve as much consensus as I can,” Chief Justice Roberts said at a judicial conference in White Sulphur Springs, W. Va. “We kind of have to have a commitment as a group. I think we spend a fair amount of time  —   maybe a little more than others in the past  —   talking about things, talking them out. It sometimes brings you a bit closer together. ” The resulting decisions can be narrow or nonexistent, as when the court unanimously returned a major case on access to contraception to the lower courts. That effectively deferred a Supreme Court ruling on the matter for at least a year and probably much longer. The chief justice acknowledged, “It’s been subject to some criticism that you can put things off. ” “Some people think that’s bad,” he said. “I think it has something to do with judicial philosophy. I think we should be as restrained in when we decide the issues when it’s necessary to do so. I think that’s part of how I look at the job. ” The contraception opinion was unsigned, but some sophisticated observers suspect that Justice Breyer played a major role in setting it in motion. He did not address the case directly in remarks at an awards ceremony last week, but he took issue with the idea that the Supreme Court is diminished when it fails to rule in significant cases. “If you believe the Supreme Court should decide all the major issues for the country, you’d like them all decided,” he said. “I happen not to believe that. ” Justice Ginsburg, the leader of the court’s liberal wing, sounded less content with the current state of affairs on Thursday at a judicial conference in Saratoga Springs, N. Y. “Eight, as you know, is not a good number for a multimember court,” she said. In his own remarks, Justice Breyer said an   court was capable of deciding most cases, supporting the point with statistics from recent terms. “We’re unanimous 50 percent of the time,” he said. “Twenty percent of the time we’re   and half of those are kind of random, not what the press would call the usual suspects. ” That was just about correct, though the fraction of    decisions that split along the usual ideological lines in recent terms was more like  . But Justice Breyer’s larger point was true: There is no reason to think the court is likely to deadlock all that often. The number of closely divided decisions was never large, and Justice Scalia was not the decisive vote in all of them. In the term that ended last June, he was in the majority in six of 19 decisions decided by a    vote. The recent run of 11 decisions followed the general pattern. None were    deadlocks. Five were authentically unanimous, while a sixth was unanimous about the bottom line but divided over the rationale. One split 5 to 3, another 6 to 2. The three remaining decisions were 7 to 1, with Justice Thomas in dissent every time. One case concerned prosecutors’ exclusion of all black potential jurors from the trial of a black defendant facing the death penalty. Chief Justice Roberts, writing for the majority, said a prosecutor’s explanation for striking a black potential juror was “nonsense. ” But it was good enough for Justice Thomas, the member of the court least interested in consensus. That same day, the four more quarrelsome justices issued dueling concurrences in a series of cases about offenders sentenced to die in prison. The court itself had done nothing more than return the cases to lower courts for reconsideration in light of a January decision that had seemed to give the prisoners a fresh shot at eventual release. Justices Thomas and Alito, in separate concurrences, said there were still reasons to sustain the sentences. Justice Sotomayor, joined by Justice Ginsburg, said lower courts should grant relief in all but the rarest cases. John P. Elwood, a lawyer with Vinson  Elkins, wrote on Scotusblog that he was struck by the level of discord. “That’s a lot of disagreement,” he wrote, “for people who agree on the disposition of a case. ”",0
5279,PTSD: Identification and Compensation,"Veterans help veterans cope with PTSD through decorated Marine’s New York-based nonprofit Headstrong Project ‹ › Mr. Hill is a lawyer focusing his practice on representing disabled veterans. He represents veterans and their dependents across the nation. In addition to representing the disabled, Mr. Hill is a recognized authority on VA law. He has authored several books on VA service connected benefits. Mr. Hill gives presentations across the nation on VA disability compensation. He is the treasurer for the board of directors of the National Organization of Veterans Advocates (NOVA). He is a member of the Florida Bar and the Washington D.C. Bar. He is licensed to practice before the United States District Court in and for the Middle District of Florida, as well as the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. PTSD: Identification and Compensation By Matt Hill on November 8, 2016 
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, is a condition that’s both underestimated and misunderstood, especially when it comes to the Veterans Association. PTSD is actually a common condition. The Mayo Clinic estimates that more than 3 million Americans are diagnosed with PTSD every year — and that doesn’t take into account those individuals who never receive a diagnosis. 
PTSD develops when an individual has witnessed or experienced a traumatic or terrifying event. Unsurprisingly, it’s a condition that’s particularly prevalent among veterans. Although the VA estimates that 10-15% of veterans will develop PTSD at some point following their military service, it’s entirely possible these numbers might actually be much higher in reality. 
PTSD is classified as a trauma and stressor-related disorder. According to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the condition is characterized as a repetitive re-experiencing of an extremely traumatic event (or stressor), usually accompanied by increased arousal, nightmares, and flashbacks. Those who have PTSD often have trouble concentrating, remembering, and sleeping. 
But a PTSD diagnosis is not always easy to come by. The manifestation of the condition is not always straight-forward and doesn’t appear in the same way from person to person. It may take months or even years to develop, and symptoms may shift or appear over time. To diagnose a case of PTSD, physicians will look at specific criteria for symptoms. There are four distinct groups of criteria, all with different symptoms. These groups are: Intrusion Symptoms —Nightmares, intrusive memories or thoughts, or psychological and physical reactions to memories of the event. Avoidance Symptoms —Avoiding situations, thoughts, or feelings that you associate with the traumatic event. Negative Changes in Cognitions and Mood —Memory issues, negative thoughts about themselves or others, severe emotions like shame or sadness, lack of interest in activities they once enjoyed, or feelings of detachment, isolation, or disconnection. Changes in Arousal and Reactivity —An easy startle response, or feeling constantly jittery or alert. 
It’s easy to see how these symptoms could easily disrupt a person’s life and take a significant toll on their mental health, as well as their personal and professional life. If you or someone you love may be suffering from PTSD, it’s important to seek out help. Because PTSD presents itself differently in every patient, treatment must be sought and tailor-made for each individual. Although there is no cure for PTSD, treatment has proven to be very effective for the majority of patients. Typically, this treatment includes psychotherapy — including cognitive and exposure therapy, as well as regular appointments with a psychiatrist — and in some cases, medication. 
If you are a veteran who has been diagnosed with PTSD, you may be entitled to receive benefits and compensation from the VA. There are many things that you need to know to get the benefits that you deserve, and the veterans advocates at Hill & Ponton have published a PTSD guide covering everything regarding a PTSD claim. In years past, veterans were required to provide evidence of the traumatic event that led to the development of their condition. Below are some of the important points in the guide on how to establish service connection and get the proper rating. 
The first thing is to establish a service connection for your PTSD in order to be eligible for benefits. The three things the VA requires are: Current Diagnosis: you must have a current PTSD diagnosis that was given by professionals who the VA has deemed “qualified to perform PTSD Compensation and Pension examinations.” These professionals have doctoral-level training in diagnostic methods, clinical interview methods, and psychopathology. They also need to have a working knowledge of the DSM-V and have extensive clinical experience with both the diagnosis and treatment in veterans with PTSD. Typically, these are board-certified psychiatrists and licensed psychologists, but may also include psychiatric residents and psychology interns as long as they’re under close supervision of an attending professional in the field. Essentially, if you’ve received a current PTSD diagnosis from a licensed professional, that analysis satisfies this requirement. Please note: most VA hospitals and clinics employ licensed mental health social workers to treat veterans. Their diagnosis of PTSD alone is not enough to meet this requirement. In-Service Stressor: This might be the most difficult requirement to satisfy. Sometimes, trauma is easy to determine, but other times, proving its occurrence can be challenging. There are a lot of different regulations regarding the type of trauma you experienced. For example, the rules for determining fear of terrorist activity are different from veterans who engaged in combat or sexual trauma. It’s recommended that you consult with your psychiatrist or psychologist, as well as a qualified lawyer, to address this requirement. Nexus: Basically, this is the link between the first two requirements. It’s what connects the traumatic event you experienced with your current diagnosis of PTSD. A medical expert is required in order to explain how your symptoms are a direct result of your in-service stressor — which is especially important if you have multiple stressors. It’s vital you establish that the traumatic event is the definitive link to your diagnosis and cannot be explained by any other events that took place outside of your military service. 
Once these requirements have been satisfied, you can then file a claim through the VA. If you file a claim, you’ll need to undergo a Compensation and Pension Examination (sometimes called a C&P Exam) to verify your diagnoses, assess symptom severity, and definitively determine whether your PTSD is directly related to your military service. The VA treats the C&P exam with a lot of weight and it will determine the amount of compensation you receive. 
When you go to your exam, remember to be as honest and as forthcoming as possible. You should bring written statements from family or friends that say how your PTSD has impacted your life. You should also bring a list of symptoms you’ve experienced to help you when being questioned during the exam. 
After the exam, you will be assigned a disability percentage rate. This percentage reflects how severe your condition is and how much the symptoms affect your ability to work and maintain social relationships. Depending on the severity of your PTSD, you could potentially receive a disability rate of 0%, 10%, 30%, 70%, or 100%. 
Overall, the compensation you receive will be related to your estimated impairment of working ability. Above all, it’s important to demonstrate evidence of occupational impairment due to PTSD. Even if your symptoms don’t constitute a 100% disability rating, you may still be able to receive one through a TDIU, which stands for total disability based on individual unemployability. A TDIU may be assigned if an individual fails to meet the criteria for 100% disability but is still completely unable to obtain and maintain employment. 
Because the way the VA determines disability percentages can be highly confusing and complex, working with a lawyer who specializes in VA claims may be to your benefit. The various rules and regulations for determining physical disability can be hard to navigate, but mental conditions like PTSD can be even more difficult to prove. That’s why having an expert on your side can be vital. 
If you or someone you love may be suffering from PTSD as a result of military service, seek out assistance from an attorney who specializes in veterans’ issues. Alternatively, if you are dissatisfied with a disability rating you have received and aren’t receiving the benefits you need, there may be other options at your disposal. 
This guest post was written by Matthew Hill from Hill & Ponton, P.A, a veterans disability law firm . In addition to representing the disabled, Mr. Hill is a recognized authority on VA law. He has authored several books on VA service connected benefits gives presentations across the nation on VA disability compensation. He is the treasurer for the board of directors of the National Organization of Veterans Advocates (NOVA). Related Posts:",0
5280,Cockpit Recordings Retrieved in EgyptAir Flight 804 Investigation - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   French technicians have successfully downloaded the cockpit voice recordings from the EgyptAir plane that crashed into the Mediterranean Sea in May, investigators said Saturday, raising hopes that the information the recordings contain will soon put an end to the intense speculation about what caused the disaster. The recordings, along with the contents of the jet’s flight data recorder that were salvaged in a laboratory near Paris this past week, will be returned to Cairo for further analysis, an   crash investigation committee said in a statement. The initial information obtained from the flight data recorder is consistent with automated alerts sent by the doomed plane, an Airbus A320, to a maintenance base on the ground indicating smoke in a lavatory as well as in an area near the cockpit where its flight control computer systems were housed. In addition, deepwater salvage teams have retrieved charred pieces of metal from the plane’s front section that investigators said indicated a   fire. EgyptAir Flight 804 disappeared abruptly from radar at 37, 000 feet and then plunged into the sea on May 19 on a flight from Paris to Cairo, killing all 66 passengers and crew members on board. The Egyptian authorities initially suspected terrorism as a likely cause, although no group has claimed responsibility. A French judge recently opened a criminal investigation into the disaster, which killed 15 French citizens, but so far investigators have found no evidence suggesting that someone got a bomb onto the plane before it took off from Paris. Independent aviation safety experts monitoring the crash inquiry said the scant evidence was not enough to determine whether the fire had been caused by a deliberate act or a technical malfunction such as an electrical short circuit. “There are still more questions than answers at this stage,” said Robert W. Mann, a former airline executive and an industry analyst. A specialized salvage team continues to pull wreckage, as well as human remains, from the seabed, roughly 10, 000 feet below the surface. Mr. Mann said analysis of the burned debris would help investigators determine where the fire had begun and how quickly it had spread. In addition, chemical analysis of soot traces would reveal whether any explosives or other accelerants had been involved. Experts said the voice recordings obtained in Paris would also provide important clues about how the pilots had assessed and responded to the emergency. That could help investigators explain a series of sharp maneuvers the plane made in the final moments before it fell from the sky. Air traffic controllers have said the crew did not communicate any emergency to the ground before radio contact was lost and the plane disappeared from their radar screens.",0
5281,Bridging the black vote gap: Trump promises 'new deal for black America',"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 15:33 UTC © Jonathan Ernest/Reuters Donald Trump called for a ""new deal for black America"" in a Wednesday afternoon address as he works to bridge the gap he faces with the crucial voting bloc less than two weeks from Election Day. Speaking in Charlotte, N.C., the GOP presidential nominee criticized years of Democratic rule for leaving black America behind and outlined his plan to help. My ""deal is grounded in three promises: safe communities, great education and high-paying jobs,"" Trump said, speaking off what appeared to be scripted remarks ""Whether you vote for me or not, I will be your greatest champion. We live in a very divided country, and I will be your greatest champion."" Trump called on voters to repudiate Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her party in favor of change. ""American politics is caught in a time loop. We keep electing the same people over and over and over,"" he said. ""Every day, I'm out on the trail proposing fresh solutions and new thinking. And every day, the same people, getting rich off our broken system, say we can't change and we can't try anything new, because it's not good for them."" The subdued beginning of his speech stood in sharp contrast to the fiery tack Trump usually takes at his campaign rallies, which are meant to inject his brand of politics directly into the veins of his supporters. ""I have a message for all the doubters in Washington: America's future belongs to the dreamers, not the cynics and not the critics,"" he said. ""African-American citizens have sacrificed so much for our nation. They fought and died in every war since the Revolution and from the pews and the picket lines, they've lifted up the conscience of our country in the long march for civil rights. Yet too many African-Americans have been left behind."" Trump called for incentives to move companies into blighted neighborhoods to bolster employment, help African-Americans get better access to credit and push cities to declare ""blighted communities"" disaster areas to help rebuild infrastructure. He also said he'd support increasing the number of police officers in such areas, connecting a lack of officers to a rise in murder rate in major cities. But while Trump's call focused on removing ""gang members and criminal cartels,"" he blamed Clinton for promoting a ""war on police."" He did not mention the accusations of police brutality by minorities who feel that they are disproportionately targeted. It's not the first time Trump has made a direct appeal to black voters — overtures first appeared in scripted speeches in the late summer. He's struggled to gain traction with minority voters in general in polls: He won just 20 percent of the nonwhite vote in a recent CNN/ORC poll, 25 percent of nonwhite voters in Quinnipiac University's recent poll and 17 percent in the recent Fox News poll. Black voters were an important voting block for then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) when he upset Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in North Carolina in the 2008 presidential election.",0
5282,"250,000-year-old artifact: The ultimate evidence of ‘Ancient Astronaut’ technology?","The discovery of an ancient artifact, mainly composed out of aluminum is considered as compelling evidence of ‘ancient astronaut’ visitations to Earth over 250,000 years ago. Lab tests have confirmed the age of the artifact and its mysterious composition. The idea that humanity has been visited by beings not from Earth in the distant past has captured the interest of millions worldwide.
Every once in a while, a strange discovery makes us reconsider whether or not history, as we have been told, is accurate.
What if we are missing something, and what if, in the distant past, extremely advanced technology was present on Earth?
READ: Everything We Have Been Taught About Our Origins Is A Lie 
The mysterious artifact, composed mainly out of aluminum was found in Romania during the 1970’s when the nation was under communist rule, and information about it was released to the public at the time.
Now, lab tests conducted in Lausanne, Switzerland, have revealed that the metal fragment is composed of 90 percent aluminum and the remaining 10 percent of 11 different metals.
The artifact has an approximate age of 250,000 years, reports British newspaper the Sun .
But is this artifact really compelling proof ancient astronauts visited Earth hundreds of thousands of years ago?
As it turns out, Aluminum was not created by ‘modern civilization’ until 200 years ago. Aluminium was first isolated in 1825 by Danish physicist HC Oersted, so the discovery of the piece of metal with an age such as this has been considered extraordinary by researchers.

The item was discovered in 1973 when constructors were working on the shorelines of the Mures River, in the vicinity of the town of Auid. At around 10 meters below the surface, workers were left surprised when they recovered three mysterious objects.
All of them appeared, unlike anything they had seen, and seemed to be very old.
Archaeologists were brought to the site and identified two of the objects as being fossil remains.
However, the third piece left researchers surprised. IT appeared to be a man-made artifact, composed of an extremely lightweight metal. Researchers suspected at the time that it was the end of an axe.
To confirm the theories, the objects were sent to analysis to Cluj, Romania.
Experts determined that the fossils belonged to a large –extinct— mammal that died between 10,000 and 80,000 years ago.
READ: We Are Being Lied To About Our History 
However, the third object caused confusion among experts. Scientists determined that the object was composed of a lightweight metal and was most likely manufactured due to the concavities of the object.
The Auid artifact is 20 meters long, 12.5 centimeters wide and has a thickness of 7 centimeters.

The object resembled some kind of part belonging to a complex mechanical system. However, researchers were unable to determine to what it belonged.
Deputy Director of the Romanian Ufologists Association, Gheorghe Cohal said: ‘Lab tests concluded it is an old UFO fragment given that the substances it comprises cannot be combined with technology available on Earth.’
However, not everyone seems convinced. Local historian Mihai Wittenberger doesn’t believe the object belongs to a complex mechanical device left behind by ancient astronauts. In fact, Wittenberger
believes the mysterious object may actually be a metal piece from a World War II German aircraft.
More precisely, Wittenberger claims the alleged ‘alien artifact’ was actually part of the landing gear of a Messerschnmitt ME 262.
But there’s one problem with that explanation. The mystery object is 250,000 years old.
The mysteries surrounding the artifact have not been solved, and currently, the ‘out-of-place- artifact resides in the History Museum of Cluj-Napoca, next to a sign that reads: ‘origin still unknown’.
Source: EWAO 
Related: Everything We Have Been Taught About Our Origins Is A Lie We Are Being Lied To About Our History Ancient Egyptians had electricty and batteries thousands of years ago Forbidden History & OOPARTS: Out of Place Artifacts Ooparts: Alien electronic chip with age 450 million years found in stone near Labinsk city in Russia 17 Out-of-Place Artifacts Said to Suggest High-Tech Prehistoric Civilizations Existed The 500-Million-Year-Old Dorchester Pot Should Not Exist Have Humans devolved through history? Ancient Technology, the ultimate piece of evidence The mystery of the Swiss watch from the Ming Dynasty 30 million year old giant rings in the Bosnian mountains? 2-Billion-Year-Old Nuclear Mega-Reactor Discovered in Africa 500,000 Year-Old Spark Plug Found in Rock: The Coso Artifact Researchers in China discover a 300 million year old screw embedded into rock Forbidden History: Extraterrestrial Base Inside Bucegi Mountains ",0
5283,Super Bowl Champion Tom Brady Skipping White House Visit Over ’Family’ Issues - Breitbart,"After suffering over a year of attacks due to his support of President Donald Trump, Super Bowl champion New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is now bowing out of the team visit to the White House, citing family matters as the reason. [The   Super Bowl winner posted a message to social media saying that while he is “excited” for the team’s visit to the White House, he will be skipping the event.  “I am so happy and excited that our team is being honored at the White House today,” Brady wrote in his statement. “Our team has accomplished something very special that we are all proud of and will be for years to come,” Brady continued. “Thank you to the President for hosting this honorary celebration and for supporting our team for as long as I can remember. ” “In light of some recent developments, I am unable to attend today’s ceremony, as I am attending to some personal family matters,” Brady explained. “Hopefully, if we accomplish the goal of winning a championship in the future years, we will [be] back on the South Lawn again soon. Have a great day,” he concluded. Tom Brady is not attending White House ceremony today due to ”personal family matters.” His statement: pic. twitter.   —   Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) April 19, 2017,  The sudden announcement comes as a shock to many who expected Brady to be one of the first in line during the White House visit. Throughout the past NFL season, Brady was dogged by sports reporters more interested in social justice than sports who demanded he distance himself from Donald Trump  —   though he refused to do so. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5284,Who Gains From Colombia’s Vote for Permanent War?,"Share This 
In early October, the Colombian people voted NO to peace. 
Or to be exact, 50.2 percent of 37 percent of the eligible population voted no. In the referendum held on October 2, the majority of voters decided to scuttle the agreement between the government and FARC rebels, which had been reached after four years of peace talks dedicated to ending 52 years of bloodshed. 
The vote came just days after the celebratory signing of the agreement, which was lauded in the international community for achieving a bridge between historic enemies and dealing broadly with the root causes of the conflict. The rest of the world was stunned. 
Most pundits have begun the post-mortem analysis of the referendum by saying something like “Colombians did not vote against peace.” They go on to discuss other factors, including people’s ignorance of the accords, or their mistaken belief that after four years it could simply be renegotiated. 
But the fact of the matter is that the NO voters voted clearly and unambiguously to continue the war. The words on the ballot read: “Do you accept the final agreement to terminate the conflict and build a stable and lasting peace?” It’s almost inconceivable that any population would vote no on this proposition, but they did. 
So why did they? 
Although even former president Alvaro Uribe, the nation’s leading warmonger, now makes the politically correct statement that the ultimate goal is peace, the macho sentiments of total domination and punishment (of one side), along with a strong dose of Cold War hysteria (yes, in the 21 st century) won the day. 
The NO promoters knew what they were doing. They were not promoting an alternative peace. As a 32-year old NO voter quoted in the New York Times put it, “If ‘no’ wins, we won’t have peace, but at least we won’t give the country away to the guerrillas.” 
His statement reflects the patriarchal logic that has started and perpetuated wars since time immemorial – the only good enemy is a dead enemy, and if I don’t win, nobody wins. 
At least some NO voters and many of the leaders are betting on continuing war until they gain by force their entire military and political agenda – a prospect that, given the war’s longevity to date could easily be another half century. Or never. 
The Perks of Permanent War 
For many NO promoters, including Uribe himself, “never” could be the best-case scenario. Basking in the limelight of a political career rebuilt on the ruins of one the most complex and progressive peace agreements in history, Uribe released proposals for revamping the peace agreement designed to throw a monkey wrench into any process to salvage peace in Colombia. 
Analysts quoted on CNN’s Spanish channel observed that Uribe’s wish list is aimed at “torpedoing the peace accords.” That’s correct: No one expects the FARC to accept Uribe’s terms, which include banning the group from politics, sentencing members to 5-8 year prison terms for crimes including drug trafficking, pardoning Colombia’s security forces for their own serious crimes, and eliminating the meticulously negotiated Tribunal for Transitional Justice. 
Huge sectors of the population reject Uribe’s terms as well, since his proposals would also wipe out the parts of the peace accord that regulate the return of stolen lands to peasant and indigenous communities and seriously hamper, if not strike altogether, plans for reparations to victims. They also could rollback meticulously negotiated gains in gender justice and LGBT rights. 
To pretend that everyone wants peace and the only issue is how to get it is to ignore the fact that the war benefits many powerful interests. Those interests will fight to keep fighting. 
On the political front, war assures military control over a population and justifies authoritarianism and repression through fear. In general, the most militarized parts of the country are areas where peasants, Afro-Colombians, and indigenous peoples are defending their lands and resources from the incursions of transnational corporations and mega development projects. Fear and murder are powerful repressive tools. 
War is also a huge business. Thanks to U.S. Plan Colombia and policies that fanned the conflict, Colombia became the third largest recipient of US aid in the world during the war, behind only Israel and Egypt. Colombia’s budget for security forces skyrocketed ; between 2001 and 2005, it grew more than 30 percent, and by 2006 it was double its 1990 levels – some $4.48 billion for military and police. 
US Interests 
The US military-industrial complex also has a vested interest in continuing the war. The conflict justified Plan Colombia, the $10 billion dollar counterinsurgency and counternarcotics plan that allowed the Pentagon to establish a military presence in Colombia, both physically and by proxy. With the pretext of Colombia’s internal conflict, the US government built up a platform not only for control in Colombia, but also for regional strike capacity, as leaked in the proposed agreement to establish seven US military bases. 
Plan Colombia and its later incarnations kept US contracts for weapons, espionage, intelligence equipment, and military and police training flowing to the most powerful lobbying industries in the nation. Billions of dollars have been poured into Plan Colombia and national security investments that ended up in the pockets of political elites and US defense companies. In the budgets for fiscal years 2010-2017, the United States allocated over $2 billion in military and police aid – most of that during the peace talks. 
In the process, Colombia was converted into a testing ground for the latest in counterinsurgency and unconventional warfare techniques and equipment from the United States. The blood spilled on its soil feeds the global war machine, to such an extent that Colombia has been groomed as an exporter of counterinsurgency and “security” training, despite its reputation as a gross violator of human rights and the disastrous humanitarian impact of its prolonged war. Colombian forces now work throughout the region to promote the same counternarcotics-counterinsurgency model that left more than 5 million people displaced and untold thousands of innocent peasants executed by security forces. 
So very powerful interests saw the peace agreement as a threat. In addition to Uribe followers who viewed it as soft on the FARC, the war economy of the nation and its ally, the United States, was at stake. 
In this context, the US government reacted tepidly when peace was voted down. Bernard Aronson, the special envoy to the peace talks, expressed no regret in a press interview after the vote, stating, “We believe Colombians want peace, but clearly they are divided about terms of settlement.” The State Department limited its statement to support for Colombian democracy and further dialogue. After four years of ostensibly supporting the peace talks, neither mentioned the vote as a setback. 
An analysis published by the US Army War College, although it is not an official document, openly expresses relief at the continuation of indefinite war in Colombia. Through a mixture of hawkish arguments and lies , the analysis recognizes that the country now enters into a “period of uncertainty,” but notes that this “presents a strategic situation less grave and more manageable, than had the accords been approved.” 
It goes on to predict that the FARC will likely break the ceasefire, despite the group’s explicit and public commitment to respect it even in the absence of the guarantees provided in the peace agreement. This position – coming from sources close to the US military, which has in many senses called the shots in Colombia’s war since Plan Colombia began in 2000 – indicates that there is a dangerous possibility of a provocation to further undermine the peace process that has now been thrown into crisis by the NO vote. 
The writers also advise President Juan Santos, who staked his political capital on supporting the deal, to retract his commitment to the ceasefire following the vote. They note that Santos promised to “not authorize military operations in the areas where FARC units are located in order to avoid an incident which breaks the fragile truce. Yet not doing so will allow FARC dissidents to operate with almost complete impunity in these areas. Indeed, within the new background of uncertainty, such impunity will increase incentives for FARC units to continue illicit activity, such as drug trafficking, since doing so will pose relatively low risks.” 
War Engenders More War, Not Peace 
Before the NO vote, the US press hailed Plan Colombia for making peace possible. President Obama, in his self-congratulatory last speech to the UN, proclaimed that we “helped Colombia end Latin America’s longest war.” The logic of this bizarre argument went that were it not for the military debilitation of the guerrillas thanks to the U.S.-Colombian military alliance, the FARC could never have been brought to the negotiating table. 
The NO vote is the classic example of the fallacy of that logic. The war fomented by Plan Colombia built up a mentality that made peace an unacceptable solution for many. It revealed the fundamental clash of perspectives between diplomacy and annihilation. 
The lesson couldn’t be clearer: War is a terrible preparation for peace. Peace depends on much more than a favorable correlation of forces. Peace, at its core, is a rejection of force as the way to confront differences, and a search for nonviolent solutions to conflict and conflict prevention. 
With US military theorists openly calling for reopening hostilities, it is a dangerous myth to assume that at this juncture everyone wants peace and the only open question is how to do it. Plan Colombia, the U.S.-sponsored war on drugs, and Uribe’s “Democratic Security” policy all posit continued militarization. Those who promote peace and reconciliation in the country must deal with that mentality head on. To second-guess or justify NO voters with “they-know-not-what-they-do” arguments reflects the kind of complacency and misreading of the public that created this dangerous debacle in the first place. 
There is no doubt that a massive campaign of misinformation and scaremongering played a role. Voters were bombarded with alarmist messages that spun out wild scenarios, from a legislative takeover by the former FARC to a “Chavez-Castro style dictatorship.” CNN’s footage of the NO celebration showed the crowd chanting “The NO won, now we won’t have a Cuban dictatorship.” It didn’t seem to matter that there was no logical relationship between voting for the peace agreement and the nation becoming a dictatorship. 
For followers of Uribe, who led the massive campaign against the negotiations and the acceptance of the agreement, the vote was ideological and personal. It represented the right against the left, and Uribe against Santos. For many people stuck in bitter partisan politics, to vote for peace was to vote in favor of the latter. 
It is also likely that many people did not have a clear understanding of the accords or their implications, which is a failing of the negotiators and SI (yes) promoters that left a fatal opening for NO propaganda. Some voters also apparently believed that four years of arduous negotiations with the technical support of scores of international experts and mediators could simply be reopened and “fixed” to their liking, though Santos made it clear there was “no Plan B.” Some NO voters quoted in the press even expressed dismay that they had won, believing they were merely casting a protest vote. 
Despite these factors, the NO vote reveals a major obstacle: Society has been trained over years of conflict – one of the longest-running internal conflicts in the world – to acquiesce to war as the only response, to dehumanize the enemy and overlook the obvious fact that it takes two sides to sustain hostilities. It’s created a society that believes the only solution is to drive the enemy into the ground – even when they are men and women from one’s own country and their grievances reflect serious social problems. 
This is the patriarchal mentality that the war industry thrives on. Plan Colombia has fomented this mentality since it began. It conflated a war on drugs with a counterinsurgency war to justify foreign intervention and broaden the war. The US government knew that military funding was going directly to paramilitary groups. A 2010 empirical study demonstrated a measurable relationship between increases in US security funding and paramilitary homicides. War propaganda presented the FARC as the sole culprit, when terrible atrocities were being committed on both sides. 
With the exceptions of Arauca and Norte de Santander, the departments on Colombia’s borders that have suffered most in the war voted to end it. They know what it’s like to feel their houses shaken by bombs, to risk life and limb walking through minefields, to lose their loved ones in crossfire. They know that to stop the violence in their day-to-day lives is far more important than the political games of how punishment and power are dished out. 
War as a policy is almost always favored by those farthest from the battlefields. 
The Road to Peace 
Understanding the very real and perilous obstacles is not the same as being pessimistic or defeatist at this point in the Colombian peace process – it’s a process, after all. It’s important not to minimize the enormity of this setback – President Santos’ Nobel Peace Prize may be deserved, but it’s a sorry consolation prize for having gotten so close only to be slapped down. But it’s also important to acknowledge that there is still room to move forward. 
The peace accords opened up a dialogue and allowed the nation to envision peace. Grassroots organizations are mobilizing in defense of this vision and the possibility of a new reality. 
This is the hope on the horizon. Since the NO vote, thousands have marched to support the peace process in Bogota, and also in Cali and cities across the country. The marches have awakened and united groups of indigenous peoples, Afro-Colombians, victims, students, human rights defenders, peasants, women, and the LGBT community in defense of peace. 
The international community should openly and actively support the call for a broad grassroots dialogue for peace. It must continue to be firm and vigilant, because there will be a serious attempt to force a return to the model of military annihilation of the left-wing guerrillas while leaving right-wing paramilitaries and other militarist structures intact. 
International organizations committed millions of dollars to support peace implementation, and it must be clear that those funds will only be released when the process is back on track. Part of creating adequate conditions is to deny any new funding to militarism – including the war on drugs, which acts as a thinly veiled excuse for militarization. 
The NO vote unexpectedly flipped the political situation back in favor of the right-wing hawks. This uprising could not only flip it back in favor of peace, but also create a social movement capable of going beyond the accords in terms of establishing social justice and human rights and addressing the enormous backlog of demands from below. 
Foreign Policy In Focus columnist Laura Carlsen heads the Center for International Policy’s Americas Project. Reprinted with permission from Foreign Policy In Focus .",0
5285,Brazile: Trump has ‘Enormous’ Opportunity to Find Common Ground with Dems - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile said   Donald Trump has “enormous,” opportunity to find common ground with Democrats in Washington, D. C.  Brazile said, “If it’s ‘my way or the highway,’ what you’re going to see again is another round of gridlock in Washington, D. C. You’re going to see retribution and retaliation. He has an enormous opportunity as every president in the first 100 days to show that, you know, he’s eager to find common ground, to meet with, you know, Democrats, Chuck Schumer. I mean Chuck Schumer knows Donald Trump, both New Yorkers. Have him over for breakfast, have him over for afternoon tea and see if you can find some common ground. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5286,Comment on French Political Leader: “France is about to Enter a Holy War with Islam” – “Embrace Christianity… Never Accept the Religion of Satan” by Paulus,"  Theodore Shoebat 
A major political leader in France, Francois-Xavier Peron , has declared that France is about to enter into a devastating war against Islam , and its going to be extremely violent. His solution to prepare? Embrace the Christian Faith and never accept the antichrist masonic religion . 
I did an interview with Mr. Peron about this coming war, and why the Christian Faith must be the religion of the world: 
Courtesy of Freedom Outpost 
Theodore Shoebat is the Communications Director for Rescue Christians , an organization that is on the ground in Muslim lands, rescuing Christians from persecution. He is the author of two book, For God or For Tyranny and In Satan’s Footsteps: The Source and Interconnections of all Evil , he also has a DVD series called “Christian Militancy,” which is on Christian warfare and our fight against evil and tyranny. 
Article posted with permission from Shoebat.com Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
5287,"Max Ritvo, Poet Who Chronicled His Cancer Fight, Dies at 25 - The New York Times","Max Ritvo, an accomplished poet who spent much of his life under the cloud of cancer while gaining wide attention writing and speaking about it, died of the disease on Tuesday at his home in Los Angeles. He was 25. His mother, Dr. Ariella   confirmed his death. Mr. Ritvo talked about his work and illness in interviews on radio programs including “Only Human” on WNYC and “The New Yorker Radio Hour. ” His poems have appeared in Poetry Magazine and The New Yorker, and his first published volume of poetry, “Four Reincarnations,” will appear in the fall. The poet Louise Glück, who taught Mr. Ritvo at Yale, called the book “one of the most original and ambitious first books in my experience,” adding that his work is “marked by intellectual bravado and verbal extravagance. ” Mr. Ritvo was 16 when he learned he had Ewing’s sarcoma, a rare pediatric cancer. He had gone to doctors after feeling pain in his side. At first they suspected pneumonia, but fearing something worse they took a tissue sample while he was under sedation. He woke up in a cancer ward. “I remember thinking, ‘This is so terrible! ’” he told Mary Harris of WNYC. “‘I’m just a young, acrobatic, wiry, handsome bloke of 16, and it’s so sad for all these old people, because they must have run out of beds and I just have pneumonia. ’” A year of aggressive treatment brought about remission, and over the next four and a half years he finished high school and attended Yale. The cancer returned in Mr. Ritvo’s senior year. He nevertheless completed his degree in 2013 and this year earned a master of fine arts from Columbia University, where he became a teaching fellow. He also served as poetry editor at Parnassus: Poetry in Review. Throughout his illness, he rejected the clichés of being an “inspiring victim of cancer,” his mother said. He counseled other families going through treatment for Ewing’s sarcoma, and spoke out often about the disease and the importance of research. His poetry, said a writer for Boston Review, is composed “of candor, of splendor and of abandon. ” It could veer from despair to humor in lines like these, from “Radiation in New Jersey, Convalescence in New York”: I come from a place where the water is so barren that when you drink it the fish of the throat die, causing malignant thirst.  What’s a dazzler like you doing in a dump like my bed? Last August Mr. Ritvo married Victoria   now a doctoral student in psychology at Princeton. They had met during a summer academic program at Cambridge University in 2005. After she moved from England to the United States, they began dating in 2013. Dr.   a research scientist, recalled that her son, thinking about marriage but knowing his prospects for survival were questionable, had asked her, “Is it fair of me to propose?” Max Joseph Ritvo was born Dec. 19, 1990, in Los Angeles. A literary prodigy, he was writing at 3, his mother said. At Yale, he joined an experimental comedy group called His Majesty, the Baby. He entertained its other members with outlandish and often profane riffs, said Andrew Kahn, the group’s producer and manager. His sketches could be challenging for audiences: in one, he used the medical port in his chest as a kind of ventriloquist’s dummy, putting googly eyes on the protrusion and jiggling it with his hand while chatting with it about cancer treatments. Mr. Ritvo’s body bore three tattoos depicting birds that he had acquired after enduring each new wound or scar. “He wanted to juxtapose it,” Ms. Ritvo explained, referring to his cancer, “with something beautiful. ” In “Poem to My Litter,” which The New Yorker published in June, Mr. Ritvo wrote of an experiment in which cells cloned from his tumors were placed in mice in the hope of finding more promising treatments. He names each of the mice Max. He wrote: My doctors split my tumors up and scattered them into the bones of twelve mice. We give the mice poisons I might, in the future, want for myself. We watch each mouse like a crystal ball. The   therapies did not emerge. He wrote: And since I do absolutely nothing (my pride, like my fur, all gone) nothing happens to me. And if a whole lot  of nothing happens to you, Maxes, that’s peace. Which is what we want. Trust me. Along with his wife and mother, Mr. Ritvo is survived by his father, Edward Ritvo his sisters, Victoria Ritvo Black and Skylre Oryx and a stepbrother, David Slifka. His stepfather, Alan B. Slifka, a New York investor and philanthropist who was the founding chairman of the Big Apple Circus, died in 2011. Dr.   leads a foundation that bears Mr. Slifka’s name and which, among other missions, supports research into sarcoma. In Max Ritvo’s final weeks, he remained cleareyed. In a podcast interview on Aug. 14 with the media personality Dr. Drew Pinsky, he said, his voice weak, “This is    stuff. ” Over time, he said, his work had shifted “away from sort of ebullient death poetry and fighting poetry and poetry of, sort of, the bloods and the squirmies and the guts, and more toward trying to figure out what death is, and what my place in the world is. ” His poetry sustained him, his family said. “He said the day he stopped writing, that would be the end of it,” his wife said in an interview. She added: “He was writing three days before he died. ” On Monday, Dr.   said, her son was too weak to write poetry. “That’s it,” she said quoting him. “I can’t write any more. ” The family called in the hospice nurses, who gave him sedatives. He died the next morning.",0
5288,"Openly Testy, Republicans Reject the President’s Wiretap Claims - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In a striking repudiation, Republicans on Wednesday threatened subpoenas and vented openly about the lack of evidence behind President Trump’s tweet that President Barack Obama had wiretapped his phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign. The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Devin Nunes of California, told reporters on Capitol Hill that “I don’t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower” and that Mr. Trump, if taken literally, is simply “wrong. ” Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, said he had provided no information to Mr. Trump that might have formed the basis for the president’s claim. And two Republican senators threatened to block Mr. Trump’s nominee for deputy attorney general until they get clarity from the F. B. I. about the accuracy of the president’s assertions. One of them vowed to issue subpoenas, if needed. But Mr. Trump appeared defiant. In a Fox News interview, he hinted at a broader meaning to his Twitter messages and suggested that his online assertions would eventually be vindicated, saying that “wiretap covers a lot of different things. ” Mr. Trump added, “I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks. ” It is unclear if Republicans will accept an effort by Mr. Trump and his aides to redefine what he meant. Mr. Nunes told reporters on Wednesday that lawmakers will have to confront that issue as hearings of the intelligence committee open on Monday. In one of the most significant signs of pressure from within Mr. Trump’s own party, Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said he would block the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general unless the F. B. I. answered his questions. Mr. Rosenstein had been expected to win Senate confirmation easily. The Judiciary Committee has primary oversight of the F. B. I. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, joined Mr. Grassley in the threat. “We’ll hold up the deputy attorney general’s nomination until Congress is provided with information to finally clear the air as to whether or not there was ever a warrant issued against the Trump campaign,” Mr. Graham said on NBC’s “Today” program. A delay on Mr. Rosenstein’s appointment would create a number of problems for the Justice Department. In particular, he was expected to oversee any department investigations into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election after Mr. Sessions recused himself because Mr. Sessions was an adviser to the Trump presidential campaign. Previous presidents have faced similar uprisings within their own parties: Democratic lawmakers initially denounced President Bill Clinton’s behavior with an intern that led to his impeachment in the House, and Republican frustration with the Iraq war, as President George W. Bush’s approval ratings fell, hampered Mr. Bush’s   agenda. But rarely does a president clash so forcefully with his own party so early in his first year. Mr. Trump already faces a difficult dynamic on Capitol Hill as he struggles to push through a major overhaul of the nation’s health care system that is already dividing the   Congress. To overcome that intraparty opposition  —   not to mention the hostility to his health care plan from Democrats  —   Mr. Trump will need to woo the very Republicans who are increasingly growing weary of defending his online assertions. In the days since Mr. Trump’s Twitter post on March 4, the White House has offered a series of shifting response, explanations and clarifications, some of which have been in conflict with each other. Democrats have been particularly aggressive in assailing the president and his staff. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s ranking Democrat, said Wednesday that if no evidence emerged to substantiate his claim, Mr. Trump should “explain himself. ” “You can’t level an accusation of that type without retracting it or explaining just why it was done,” he said. Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff said the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, would testify Monday at the committee’s first public hearing on its Russian interference investigation. Mr. Comey could presumably resolve the question about the wiretap. Mr. Schiff also challenged the statements of Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, who had said that while he was not aware of any investigation targeting Mr. Trump, the president spoke accurately when he said he had been wiretapped by Mr. Obama. “Those two things cannot both be true unless he is suggesting that the F. B. I. was engaged in a rogue operation unsupervised by a court to wiretap Trump Tower,” Mr. Schiff said. “There is absolutely no evidence of that and no suggestion of any evidence of that. ” As part of the F. B. I. ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the election, agents are looking at whether any of Mr. Trump’s associates colluded with the Russian government. After Mr. Trump made the claim on Twitter that Mr. Obama had tapped his telephone, Mr. Comey asked the Justice Department to make a statement disputing Mr. Trump’s assertion. So far the Justice Department has refused to say publicly whether it went to a judge to get a secret warrant to eavesdrop on Mr. Trump, putting the department in a difficult position. Silence from the Justice Department has frustrated Mr. Comey. If the Justice Department says there was no wiretap, it undercuts the president’s accusation. If there was a wiretap, it suggests that F. B. I. agents and federal prosecutors had probable cause to believe that Mr. Trump the candidate was operating as an agent of a foreign power. It is not clear why Mr. Trump thought he was wiretapped or what led him to make the claim, which was flatly rejected by James R. Clapper Jr. a former director of national intelligence, and by a spokesman for Mr. Obama. Mr. Graham and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, asked the F. B. I. last week for copies of any warrant applications and court orders “related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump campaign or Trump Tower. ” Mr. Graham said Wednesday afternoon that the F. B. I. had offered to respond to the letter from him and Mr. Whitehouse in a classified briefing. Mr. Comey met behind closed doors Wednesday afternoon with Mr. Grassley, along with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and top members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.",0
5289,Hillary Clinton: My Young Supporters Are “F*cking Dumb”,"0 comments 
Well, I would have to agree with the Clinton camp on this one, for what will probably be the first and last time ever. Her supporters are “f*cking dumb”… 
A new email released by Wikileaks as part of the Podesta dump reveals what the Clinton campaign really thinks of their millennial supporters. 
Marketing Executive Wendy Bronfein, who was introduced to Clinton campaign manager John Podesta in another email as someone who “could be immensely helpful in improving HRC’s connection to millennials,” advises on how to reach “f**king dumb” young people. 
According to infowars , Bronfein tells Podesta that Clinton “may not be the best face” to attract younger voters and that she needs to utilize “trending figures” as part of an “infusion to pull younger voters” because “that’s the crap that young people pay attention to.” 
She goes on to state, “It’s f**king dumb but being “cool” counts for more than it maybe should.” 
“I hate to generalize a generation but by social media nature, they “follow”. So if someone they identify as cool endorses – they will likely fall in line with that candidate,” writes Bronfein. 
Take a look… 
This is not the first time Clinton and her team have demeaned their own voter base. It was revealed in another email that Clinton ally Brent Budowsky accused Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being “stupid.” 
And in an audio recording leaked earlier this month, Hillary Clinton was caught on tape saying that Bernie Sanders supporters are “living in their parents’ basement” and had bought into a “false promise.” 
In yet another email, Clinton operative Bill Ivey spoke of the need to maintain political power by producing “an unaware and compliant citizenry.” 
Indeed, WikiLeaks has been the gift that keeps on giving. 
SHARE this report to EXPOSE what Hillary Clinton REALLY thinks of the people voting for her!",0
5290,Under the Surface - Naomi Klein and the Great Barrier Reef,"Under the Surface - Naomi Klein and the Great Barrier Reef Share on Facebook Tweet In Under the Surface, a special Guardian film, the award-winning writer and environmental campaigner Naomi Klein travels to the Great Barrier Reef with her son, Toma, to see the impact of coral bleaching caused by climate change. In a personal but also universal story, Klein tells how she wants him to bear witness. ‘Just in case, amid the coral that is still alive, he can find something... read more 
In Under the Surface, a special Guardian film, the award-winning writer and environmental campaigner Naomi Klein travels to the Great Barrier Reef with her son, Toma, to see the impact of coral bleaching caused by climate change. In a personal but also universal story, Klein tells how she wants him to bear witness. ‘Just in case, amid the coral that is still alive, he can find something beautiful to connect with, something he can carry with him as he navigates life on a warmer, harsher planet than the one I grew up on. Because climate change is already here – and kids are on the frontlines’ [watch video below]",0
5291,Patriots Owner Robert Kraft: Trump Intends to Help the Business Environment in America - Breitbart,"”I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me.”   Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic. twitter.  Friday while discussing his relationship with President Donald Trump, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft said the president intends to create a “vibrant economy to get jobs going again” in America.  “I think that his intent is to also to do things that can help the business environment in America, which to me, the people hurting most are working class and poor people. We need a vibrant economy to get jobs going again,” Kraft said on “Fox  Friends. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
5292,Duterte Declares Martial Law After Islamic State Forces Overrun Philippine City,"A group of heavily armed fighters from the terrorist group “Maute,” also known as the Islamic State of Lanao, attacked the city of Marawi in the southern Philippines on Tuesday. Two soldiers and a policeman were reportedly killed in the battle so far, along with an unknown number of militants. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte declared the region under martial law for 60 days and has cut short his visit to Russia to deal with the “rebellion,” as he called it. Marawi, which has a population of about 200, 000, is located on the southern island of Mindanao.  The Associated Press quotes Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana warning that “the whole of Marawi City is blacked out, there is no light, and there are Maute snipers all around. ” However, Lorenzana insisted the Philippine military has not lost control of the city. According to military officials, the battle began when Philippine troops raided a hideout used by militant leader Isnilon Hapilon, who has been tapped by the Islamic State to run a branch of ISIS in Southeast Asia. The AP describes him as “an   Islamic preacher known for his expertise in commando assaults. ” Hapilon is the leader of the Abu Sayyaf gang, which is notorious for its kidnapping operations. He is one of the U. S. Justice Department’s most wanted terrorists in the world, with a $5 million bounty on his head.  When Hapilon, who was wounded in an airstrike in January, realized his men were likely to be defeated by Philippine troops, he called in reinforcements from another ISIS affiliate called Maute, which sent an estimated 50 gunmen to help.  Other versions of the story, such as the one provided by the Philippine Star, say the battle began when troops were dispatched to check reports of “men brandishing assault rifles” and came under fire from militants. Residents of Marawi took photos of Maute fighters marching through the streets and driving stolen police vehicles flying the black flag of ISIS. The militants occupied the city hall and hospital, freed a number of prisoners from the local jail, and set fire to schools and a Catholic church, among other outrages. The ISIS flag was seen hanging from the hospital during its occupation. Some of these assaults were described by the Philippine military as diversionary tactics, intended to draw troops away from the effort to capture Hapilon. Local officials told the people of Marawi to “stay home and drop to the ground if they hear gunshots. ” The   reports that thousands of people have nevertheless fled their homes, as the military moved in armored fighting vehicles and even appears to have conducted airstrikes against “selected areas of Marawi City, particularly in the border with Lanao del Sur beside Lake Lanao. ” “We are extremely concerned about the impact of the ongoing hostilities in Marawi City on the civilians,” said Pascal Porchet, head of the Red Cross delegation. “We urge all parties to the conflict to spare civilians and respect civilian property, such as hospitals and schools, in fulfillment of their obligations to respect international humanitarian law. ”",0
5293,"An open letter from Vladislav Krasnov, Ph.D. and Obama's official reply","Mon, 24 Oct 2016 00:00 UTC © Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation/Russia Insider President Obama, Vladislav Krasnov, Ph.D An Open Letter to Barack Obama Dear Mr. President: As your presidential duties will soon expire, I want you make sure your Nobel Peace Prize is deserved: Please instruct your officials to return to the path of negotiations with Russia , be it the Syrian crisis, the lapse of the plutonium nuclear arms control deal or Ukraine. By so doing, you will bequeath to your successor —whomever it might be— a solid foundation on which to build a healthier and more peaceful Planet Earth. The United States should re-commit to the policy of non-interference in domestic affairs abroad that our Founding Fathers consistently proclaimed and adhered to. Instead of imposing our cherished values of ""free-market"" and ""democracy"" abroad, let us rely on the wisdom of a man who risked the reputation of a ""traitor"" when he defied King George's war on American colonies. I am talking about Edmund Burke, the British philosopher and father of modern conservatism. Like ancient Greeks he argued that each country is entitled to its own form of government, be it democracy, republic, monarchy, tyranny or despotism, each of which tend to evolve into its opposite. Therefore, the colonies do not have to bow to the King. Burke's monument now graces Washington DC. In respect to Russia, remember that Empress Catherine the Great refused King George's request to send Russian Cossacks help him quell George Washington's rebellion. During the Civil War, while Europe's powers-- Great Britain, France, and Spain—tried to take advantage of President Lincoln's problems with the South, Tsar Alexander II who had just abolished serfdom in Russia, sent Russian Navy to the harbors of New York and San Francisco as a gesture of Good Will. More recently, in spite of the USSR's unconcealed hostility to ""Capitalist"" America, the two countries were able to co-operate in the defeat of Nazi Germany and Japan, and then keep the bitterness of Cold War in check. After 1991, the Communist Russia is no more. The New Russia has been espousing the same values of private property, free enterprise, multi-party free elections, secular government, and freedom of speech and religion— as we do. To be sure, the post-1991 Russian road has been rocky, but this because we meddled on the side of the Russian oligarchs and because it takes years and decades to cultivate free enterprise and democracy in a country that had none for 73 years. In late 1980s, when I was writing Russia Beyond Communism: A Chronicle of National Rebirth (Westview Press, 1991), Soviet soldiers were forbidden to wear crucifix. Now General Sergei Shoigu, Russia's Minister of Defense, would not enter the Red Square without crossing himself publicly. President Vladimir Putin is regularly seen in a church in front of an icon and has addressed Russian Muslims in a mosque and Jews in a synagogue. It's a truly tectonic shift in global affairs since the end of the Cold War in 1991. Therefore, I say, Mr. President, take a breath of fresh air and do what it takes to make your Nobel Peace Prize count: Leave the legacy of peace-seeking negotiations with Russia from which your successor will not deviate lest he or she be called an abominable war monger. More than any other two countries, Russia and the United States are called upon safeguard Peace, Freedom and Commerce not just from San Francisco to Vladivostok, but on the entire Planet Earth. So help us God! Sincerely, W George Krasnow, Ph.D. (aka Vladislav Krasnov) President, RAGA.org October 10, 2016 W. George Krasnow (also published as Vladislav Krasnov), Ph.D., runs the Russia and America Goodwill Association, a non-profit organization of Americans for friendship with Russia. Formerly, he was a professor and director of Russian Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies in California. Under the name of Vladislav Krasnov he published three books: Solzhenitsyn and Dostoevsky: A Study in the Polyphonic Novel, Russia Beyond Communism: A Chronicle of National Rebirth, Soviet Defectors: The KGB wanted List. His op-ed columns have appeared in The Wall Street Journal, New York Times, International Herald Tribune, San Francisco Examiner, San Diego Union, and Dallas Morning News. © www.whitehouse.gov",0
5294,"Turkey, Russia and an Assassination: The Swirling Crises, Explained - The New York Times","Turkey and Russia, whose    relationship has helped shape the Syrian war and its related crises, shared a new trauma on Monday after an   Turkish police officer assassinated Russia’s ambassador. The killing of Andrey G. Karlov in Ankara caused global alarm and raised questions about the larger consequences. On social media, many drew parallels to the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, which helped set off World War I  —   a comparison that analysts, thankfully, reject. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which took place at an art gallery in the Turkish capital where Mr. Karlov was speaking. The gunman, who was killed at the scene by security forces, shouted “God is great” in Arabic and later said in Turkish: “Don’t forget Aleppo. Don’t forget Syria. ” That may hint at his motive: The Russian Air Force was a key part of the Syrian government’s successful assault on   parts of Aleppo, which included widespread attacks on civilians. What follows is an explanation of what the episode means for Turkey, Russia, Syria and the United States. That seems very unlikely. So far, both countries are working to manage the situation and sending signals of cooperation. They appear to be aligning their explanations of what happened, pointing their fingers at mutual enemies but not each other. The reason is Syria. In the past few months, Turkey and Russia have taken pains to line up their   strategies there. Aaron Stein, a Turkey expert at the Atlantic Council, put it bluntly: “Turkey needs Russia to advance its war interests. Russia needs Turkey to win, as it defines winning, in Syria. Everyone has an incentive to handle this like adults. ” A crisis over a dead ambassador could jeopardize the two countries’ stakes in Syria  —   or, worse, revive the destabilizing tensions of last year  —   so they are working to smooth things over. Also over Syria, which goes to show the volatility of the situation. It also demonstrates that both countries are so focused on protecting their Syria agendas that even their nationalistic,   leaders would rather play it cool. The two countries were, and to some extent still are, on opposite sides of the Syrian war. Turkey opposes President Bashar   of Syria and has backed rebel groups. Russia supports Mr. Assad and entered the conflict on his behalf in the fall of 2015. Shortly after Russia intervened, its planes began bombing   rebels and flew along  —   Turkey says across  —   the   border. In November 2015, Turkey shot down a Russian jet, precipitating a major crisis and fears of war. That also could have pulled in the United States, which is bound by treaty to defend Turkey, a NATO ally, and wanted to avoid escalation in Syria. Under those circumstances, the assassination of an ambassador could provoke an even larger conflict. But over the last year, the countries’ relationship has changed significantly. After years of pursuing Mr. Assad’s downfall, Turkey shifted this summer to a more modest strategy: preventing Syrian Kurdish groups from accumulating too much territory along the border. That change aligned the country with Russia. Turkey fears that Kurdish control of the border would strengthen Kurdish separatism in Turkey, where the government is fighting Kurdish groups, some of which have carried out terrorist attacks. Russia’s entry into the war also changed Turkey’s calculus, making the campaign against Mr. Assad suddenly costlier and less likely to succeed. Russia, for its part, initially struggled to gain ground against the Syrian rebels, some of whom received Turkish backing. Moscow appears to have concluded that it is better off with Turkey as a partner than an adversary. The two countries appeared to settle on an unofficial deal: Turkey would drop its support for certain rebels who threatened Russian interests in Syria, and Russia would drop its support for Syrian Kurdish groups. Russia also allowed Turkish troops and allied militias to occupy Syrian border territory that had previously been controlled by Kurds and the Islamic State. Mr. Stein of the Atlantic Council called the arrangement “Aleppo for Al Bab”: Russia and Mr. Assad would take Aleppo, while   militias would take the strategically located town of Al Bab. Because the cities are nearly adjacent, the Turkish and Russian campaigns benefit each other. At the same time, with their forces mere miles apart, a major breakdown over Mr. Karlov’s assassination would simply be too dangerous to tolerate. There is no indication so far that Turkey or Russia will alter their Syria policies. If anything, the attack may cement their partnership. Mr. Stein predicted that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey would seek to distract attention from his government’s unpopular Syria policy by pinning the attack on the United   Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Mr. Erdogan also blamed for a coup attempt in Turkey this summer. Mr. Gulen has denied the charges, and Washington has refused to extradite him, citing a lack of evidence. That has strained ties between the United States and Turkey, though this tension serves Mr. Erdogan by helping him to rally support at home, where America is unpopular. “The biggest loser from this will be Washington,” Mr. Stein said. “It’s completely counterintuitive, but it’s Washington. ”",0
5295,Cinema Is Dead? Telluride Says Not Yet - The New York Times,"TELLURIDE, Colo.  —   Can we please kill the talk about the death of movies? Yes, it was a dreary summer. The box office was weak and the big Hollywood releases were weaker. Critics were grumpy. Audiences seemed indifferent. There was so much good television. And so the band struck up the funeral march, as it does every year, and the obituaries circulated on social media. Cinema is dead. (Again.) The donning of sackcloth and ashes for this   art form is an annual ritual. But so is the Telluride Film Festival, which functions partly as a standing rebuke to such fatalism and gloom. The beauty of the mountain setting and this elegant former mining town’s distance from the stresses of New York, Los Angeles and Toronto have a way of dispelling pessimism. More consequentially, the festival here is a gathering of the faithful, consecrated to the   cinephile religion. The local school gym and a hockey rink on the edge of town are temporarily converted into what screening M. C.’s unironically refer to as cathedrals of cinema. Everyone is a believer. Telluride began in the   largely as a place to show old, rare and restored films, a commitment that survives in a robust program of classics and curiosities presented by prominent guest directors. And it seduces audiences with the promise that the future of film  —   the art if not the photochemical medium  —   will be as glorious as the past. Maybe this is mythmaking or wishful thinking, but having spent a few days here in the dark I prefer to regard it as hardheaded realism. Whatever the state of the industry or the prevailing winds in the culture and the digital economy, the integrity and specificity of cinema is a fact. And its vital signs are strong. Damien Chazelle’s “La La Land” is both an example of and an argument for the uniqueness of movies. A lavish and lovely musical romance, it is set in a Los Angeles populated by   creative strivers. Two of these, a jazz pianist named Seb (Ryan Gosling) and a thesp (as the trades would say) named Mia (Emma Stone) meet cute in a gigantic traffic jam that doubles as a    extravaganza. The next two hours follow the entwined, contrapuntal progress of their relationship and their careers, punctuated by more songs and ending in a swirl of piercing and complex emotion. “La La Land” is simultaneously a   throwback and a   gamble. Mr. Chazelle, whose previous features were “Whiplash” and “Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench,” affectionately nods at the tradition of movie musicals, invoking the MGM Technicolor gems of the ’50s and Jacques Demy’s “The Umbrellas of Cherbourg. ” But even though his Los Angeles has a decidedly retro vibe, there is something more than nostalgia at work here. At 31, Mr. Chazelle doesn’t just want to summon the old magic. He also wants to modernize it. The tantalizing question is whether, after the hosannas from critics here and at the Venice Film Festival, modern, millennial audiences will allow themselves to fall under the spell. My hunch is they will: The mixture of antiquarian precision and entrepreneurial   that drives “La La Land” will be embraced by a generation for whom preservation and invention often go together. It will, in any case, reward literal moviegoers, those hardy souls willing to switch off the flat screen, silence the cellphone and sit quietly in a roomful of strangers. Cinema is an art form, but it is also a destination, a reason to get out of the house. From the viewer’s perspective, a movie is a nondomestic, nonserial experience, enclosed in time and space and, ideally, lingering in the mind after the lights go on and you stumble out into the world. Your perception is at least momentarily altered. A film festival is a collection of such experiences, an archipelago of   worlds. You could drift from “La La Land” to Denis Villeneuve’s “Arrival,” an eerie and emotional   movie that similarly evokes and updates the grandeur and mystery of past   masterpieces. It shares some DNA with “2001” and “Solaris,” and stars Amy Adams as a linguist wrestling with grief and an imposing research assignment. Twelve   black spaceships are hovering over Earth, and she must use her professional skills to figure out what their   inhabitants want. “Arrival” is an elegant puzzle, an engrossing exercise in    —   for the protagonist, the filmmaker and the viewer alike. Mr. Villeneuve, assisted by Bradford Young’s haunting cinematography and Johann Johannsson’s menacing, melancholy score, creates a heady, sensual atmosphere in which the boundaries between thinking and feeling are artfully blurred. Which may just be another way of repeating that it’s a movie, rather than a franchise installment or a piece of   digital entertainment. Maybe that sounds overly defensive. It’s hard, watching four or five films a day amid crowds of fellow pilgrims, to believe that you’re participating in something marginal, obsolescent or beleaguered. There are too many revelations, large and small. There is the exquisite lyricism and deep feeling of “Moonlight,” Barry Jenkins’s astonishing second feature, about a young black man’s coming of age in three piercing chapters. The film cracks open stereotypes and wears its empathy and its artistry on its sleeve. There is the prickly wit and delicious complication of “Norman: The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer,” Joseph Cedar’s ebullient   comedy, with Richard Gere in the title role. There is the philosophical mischief of “Into the Inferno,” the latest documentary adventure from Werner Herzog, which follows him to the edges of volcanoes in search of cosmic meaning and human peculiarity. And then there are treasures in transit from Sundance, Berlin and Cannes, arriving on vapor trails of enthusiasm. Among these are Cristian Mungiu’s “Graduation,” Kenneth Lonergan’s “Manchester by the Sea,” Mia  ’s “Things to Come” and, above all, Maren Ade’s “Toni Erdmann. ” Each one in its own way constitutes proof of life for movies. All of them, curiously, dwell at least partly on the complexities of parenthood. “Manchester” is a lacerating, but also frequently funny, study of the long aftermath of grief, with Casey Affleck as a man damaged by past trauma trying to help his nephew (Lucas Hedges). “Graduation” is about a Romanian doctor’s ethical struggles as he tries to help his daughter find a better future by studying abroad. “Things to Come” is a quiet midlife drama in which a philosophy professor (Isabelle Huppert) navigates disruptions in her family and her inner life. “Toni Erdmann,” though. If a single movie were enough to silence reports of the death of cinema, it would be this one, an    German comedy set mostly in Bucharest. It you think that sounds preposterous, you’re not wrong. I hesitate to offer further description, since any attempt to characterize this film in conventional terms  —   as a   story, a feminist satire of corporate behavior, a fable of global capitalism, an extended practical joke  —   would be woefully insufficient. It’s something new under the sun, a thrilling and discomfiting document of the present moment and also, like every movie that matters, a bulletin from the future.",0
5296,"On Eve of Annual Media Dinner, Poll Finds Americans Trust Trump More Than Media - Breitbart","Only a day before journalists are set to meet at their annual   dinner, a new poll finds that their intended customers, the American people, don’t trust them. Indeed, the poll finds Americans trust the Trump White House to tell the truth more than they do the media. [The poll taken of 2, 006 adults between April 23 and 26 is certainly bad news for the political media as 37 percent of respondents said they trust the Trump White House, while only 29 percent said they trust the media.  Worse for the media, the day before their April 29 dinner, the poll found that 51 percent of respondents said the national political media “is out of touch with everyday Americans,” while only 28 percent said the media “understand the issues every day Americans are facing. ” The poll sponsored by Morning Consult unsurprisingly found a partisan outcome with its questions. But what should concern the media is that independents also said they trust the White House more than they trust the media. Republicans had an extremely lopsided view of the press with 72 percent saying the White House was more apt to tell the truth. Only 10 percent said the media would deliver real news while 18 percent said they did not know. Of course, Democratic respondents trusted the media more than they do Trump, but at a much closer margin. 54 percent favor the media with only 12 percent saying they trust the White House. Perhaps a bit surprising was the 34 percent who said they were not sure which was more truthful. But independents broke towards the Republican position with 37 percent saying they trust the White House more than the media (29 percent). Like Democrats, 34 percent said they were not sure. In an age when the media has taken special care to try and discredit President Trump at every turn, the media’s antagonism has driven independents away, not toward, trusting news coverage. The survey found that 43 percent said the media had been harder on Trump than any other president, and almost half (49 percent) said the media is out of touch with average Americans. President Trump spent much of the last year lambasting the media for misreporting the facts, and his recent rally cry that the media engages in “fake news” has also struck a chord with Americans. The poll found that 42 percent said they have seen “fake news” stories in newspapers and TV broadcasts more than once a day. Another 31 percent said they see fake news several times a week in those same traditional media outlets. This result was echoed a few days earlier in another poll, this one of Trump voters. The poll, sponsored by the University of Virginia Center for Politics, found that 88 percent agree with Trump’s claim that the media is the enemy of the American people. So, as the media prepare to meet in Washington D. C. for their annual White House Correspondent’s Dinner, President Trump will be meeting with Americans in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017,  The announcement came after the president decided to skip the annual dinner, breaking with the tradition presidents have set in attending the media’s event. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5297,"As Civil Unrest Brews, Wealthy Go Underground in Luxury Bunker Community: “Safest Places on Earth”","
Don’t just survive when the world burns, but survive in style.
The election of Donald Trump signals a revolutionary fervor among a large segment of the population that is simply fed up, though it is isn’t just his supporters. The economic realities of a stagnated economy are weighing heavily upon the masses, and they are looking for outlets to address their anger.
If the current protests against the election are any indication, the world is nearing ever closer to destruction, and those who can afford to do so are getting out of the path of violence, mayhem and property destruction ahead of a time. Though the dust will likely settle, the current atmosphere is somewhere between ‘anxious’ and ‘panicked’ :
via CBS in Dallas/Fort Worth :
An investor group is planning for a doomsday scenario by building a $300 million luxury community replete with underground homes. There will also be air-lock blast doors designed for people worried about a dirty bomb or other disaster and off-grid energy and water production. 
Residents will enjoy an equestrian center, 18-hole golf course, polo fields, zip lines and gun ranges. Retail shops, restaurants and a row of helipads are also in the works. For those looking to “get away,” they’ll also be able to enjoy three white sand beaches and a neighborhood spa .
“We’ve evolved it into long-term sustainability instead of a survival community,” Trident Lakes CEO Jim O’Connor told the Houston Chronicle, adding that the 400 planned condos will house about 1,600 people.
“It’s not just a hole in the ground to hide in — it’s going to be one of the most plush resorts in all of Texas, if not America,” Trident Lakes spokesperson Richie Whitt told the Sherman Herald Democrat.
“People are getting fearful of this world … If need be, it’s going to be one of the safest places on Earth.”
For those already living in the luxury class, the expense of the elaborate underground community is not only grandiose, but to me, the extra expense on comfort, entertainment and the focus on above-ground activities only suggests that they are hedging seriously on the possibility that they might have to retreat to these places for considerable time periods.
We could use fancy words to describe what’s going on. Or we could just show you our Master Plan. pic.twitter.com/XYesGI7V68 
— Trident Lakes (@TridentLakes) November 1, 2016 

At any rate, the 1% has taken cues from Occupy Wall Street, Tea Party protest voters, Black Lives Matter, Bernie supporters and the populist upsurge that elected Trump – namely, that whether or not some or all of these events are manufactured, the population itself has reached the point of revolt and uprising.
With such deep-seated anger and division, the wealthy are going to great lengths to ensure that they are able to live comfortably and, if necessary, completely apart from the rest of society.
This elitist self-sustaining community will not only set the bar for the rich and well-connected, but for anyone looking to ensure long-term survival through sustainable living that is either off the grid, or not dependent upon it if the grid goes down.
Whether or not the world ever experiences a nuclear attack or apocalyptic disaster anytime in the foreseeable future, there is every sense that society itself could unravel, and that the disintegrated fabric will spread unrest, violence, riots and ruin for all that it touches.
As J.D. Heyes has reported , the elite are preparing their getaways with considerable urgency:
With growing inequality and riots such as those in London in 2011 and in Ferguson and other parts of the USA last year, many financial leaders fear they could become targets for public fury. 
The president of the Institute of New Economic Thinking, Robert Johnson, told attendees at the recent World Economic Forum in Davos (itself, ironically, representative of a class of uber-rich that exists apart from the 99.9 percent of the rest of the world) that a number of hedge fund managers and others with the means to do so were already busy planning their getaway.
“I know hedge fund managers all over the world who are buying airstrips and farms in places like New Zealand because they think they need a getaway,” he said. 
Food, water, electricity, fuel (and other forms of power), firearms, medicine and skills in everything from agriculture, animal husbandry, mechanics, engine repair, shoes and clothing, tools, hunting and camoflauging will all become vital assets in building that lifeline – and people of all income brackets will need to take measures to prepare, or remain wide open and vulnerable to a society that continues to flirt with total disaster, while scoffing at measures to reduce risk and normalize.
The underground shelter market is gaining in size, especially as more and more sectors are preparing to deal with the increasing importance of the threat of EMP attack.
Notably, engineers just announced the development of ‘conductive concrete,’ which they designed as a low cost way to shield against an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack.With the potential of grid failure and system wide disabling of communications, data centers, military structures, government buildings and more are investing in defensive protections, though theoretically anyone could create their own shielded room or home using these materials:
According to Phys.org :
Nebraska engineers Christopher Tuan and Lim Nguyen have developed a cost-effective concrete that shields against intense pulses of electromagnetic energy, or EMP. Electronics inside structures built or coated with their shielding concrete are protected from EMP. 
“EMP is very lethal to electronic equipment,” said Tuan, professor of civil engineering. “We found a key ingredient that dissipates wave energy. This technology offers a lot of advantages so the construction industry is very interested.” 
EMP-shielding concrete stemmed from Tuan and Nguyen’s partnership to study concrete that conducts electricity [creating] – the ability to block electromagnetic energy.
Their technology works by both absorbing and reflecting electromagnetic waves. The team replaced some standard concrete aggregates with their key ingredient – magnetite, a mineral with magnetic properties that absorbs microwaves like a sponge . Their patented recipe includes carbon and metal components for better absorption as well as reflection.
[…] Today’s shielding technologies employ metal enclosures that require expensive metal panel or screen construction, limiting their feasibility in large structures. […] The resulting patent-pending product protects building interiors from electromagnetic interference, such as radio waves and microwaves, as well as electronic eavesdropping. 
Furthermore, this type of concrete, known as Shotcrete, can be sprayed on over existing structures – meaning that existing buildings can be upgraded for a fraction of the cost of new construction.
The wealth gap that divides a few from a country devolving into desperate, revolutionary masses will be nothing compared to the doomsday gap that could follow widespread unrest, violence, war or an EMP attack.
Prepping has never made more sense.
Read more: 
Landing Strips, Farms and Hideaways: Secret Escapes of the Elite: “The Rich Are Worried and They Should Be” 
Elite Bunker Down in “Secure, Safe Rooms Hidden in Plain Sight”… And You Can, Too 
How This Man Converted “Underground Shelter Using a 20 Ft. Shipping Container” 
Why The Elite Are Buying Secret Hideaways: “A Lot of Wealthy and Powerful People Are Quite Afraid Right Now” 
With Disaster on the Horizon, Elites Busy Building Luxury Bunkers: “Panic, Anxiety, Aftermath” 
Continuity Preppers: FEMA, DHS In “Secret Orgy of Preparedness” at Secret Underground Mountain Bunker ",0
5298,Dump the Democrats for Good - Russia News Now,"
— from Black Agenda Report 
This columnist did not see a Donald Trump victory coming. The degree of disgust directed at an awful candidate was more than I had predicted. Neither the corporate media, nor Wall Street nor the pundits nor the pollsters saw this coming either. Their defeat and proof of their uselessness is total. Those of us who rejected the elite consensus and didn’t support Hillary Clinton should be proud. 
Black people are now in fear and in shock when we ought to be spoiling for a fight. All is not lost. Even the victory of the openly bigoted Trump poses an opportunity to right our political ship. Not the electoral ship, the political one. For decades black Americans have been voting for people who have done them wrong. Bill Clinton got rid of public assistance as a right, and undid regulations that kept Wall Street in check. He put black people in jail and yet black people didn’t turn on him until he and his wife tried to defeat Obama. But Obama gave us more of the same. Bailouts of Wall Street, interventions and death for people all over the world, and a beat down of black people who still loved him. Despite the fear of Republican victory we end up losing whenever a Democratic presidential candidate wins. 
Victory is ours if we dump the Democrat Party and their black misleaders. The Democrats were so entrenched in their corruption and self-dealing that they didn’t see the Bernie Sanders campaign for modest reform as the savior it might have been. Instead they marched in lock step with a woman who was heartily disliked. Sanders went along as the sheep dog who led his flock straight over the cliff. The Democrats inadvertently galvanized people who had stopped participating in the system and who want change from top to bottom. 
One of our biggest problems lies not in facts but in perceptions. What did Democrats do for black people? The Democrats ship living wage jobs off shore in corrupt trade deals like NAFTA and TTP. They don’t prosecute killer cops or raise the minimum wage. Trump will be hard pressed to deport more people than Obama did. The list of treachery is very long. 
When Donald Trump asked black people, “What have you got to lose?” his words were met with derision. But in reality he posed a good question. What do we have to show for years of Democratic votes? Obama bailed out banks, insurance companies, Big Pharma and even Ukraine. But he didn’t rebuild Detroit or New Orleans. The water in Flint, Michigan is still poisoned and the prisons are still full. 
The outpouring of love for Barack Obama was purely symbolic. In state after state, black people who gave him victory in 2008 and 2012 stayed home. They loved seeing him and his wife dressed up at state dinners but they were never fully engaged in politics because that is not what Democrats want. The love was phony and void of any political intent. Donald Trump will be president because of that veneer of political activism. 
As for white people who voted for Trump, of course many of them are racists. However they are not without valid complaints. They don’t want neoliberalism but black people don’t either. They don’t want wars around the world and neither do black people. We corrupt our own heritage of radicalism in favor of shallow symbolism. While we slept walk in foolish nostalgia for Obama and cried at the thought of him leaving office, white people kept their hatred of Hillary to themselves or lied to pollsters. They want America to be great again, great for them. White nostalgic yearnings are dangerous for black people, and we must be vigilant. But there may be opportunity in this crisis if we dare to seize it. 
Republicans have been the white people’s party for nearly 50 years. Trump just made it more obvious. He didn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know. We don’t have to be the losers in this election. Let us remember what we have achieved in our history. Half of black Americans didn’t even have the right to vote in the 1960s yet made earth shattering progress in a short time. But we must understand the source of that progress. It came from struggle and daring to create the crises that always bring about change. 
Yes white people will strut for president Trump but that doesn’t mean we must submit as if we are in the Jim Crow days of old. We have ourselves to rely on and we can reclaim our history of fighting for self-determination. The dread of redneck celebration should not be our primary motivation right now. Before we quake in fear at white America we must send the scoundrels packing. 
The black politicians and the Democratic National Committee and the civil rights organizations that don’t help the masses must all be kicked to the proverbial curb. The rejection must be complete and blame must be laid squarely at their feet. 
Those of us who voted for the green party ticket of Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka must stand firmly and proudly for our choice. We must strategize on building a progressive party to replace the Democrats who never help us. We must applaud Julian Assange and Wikileaks for exposing their corruption. There should be no back tracking on the fight to build left wing political power. 
The black people who didn’t return to the polls shouldn’t be blamed either. Those individuals must have personal introspection that is meaningful and political. Their lack of enthusiasm speaks to Democratic Party and black misleadership incompetence. We should refrain from personal blame and help one another in this process as we fight for justice and peace. 
The end of the duopoly is the first step in liberation. Staying with a party that literally did nothing was a slow and agonizing death. Sometimes shock therapy is needed to improve one’s condition. If we don’t take the necessary steps to free ourselves this election outcome will be a disaster. Instead, why not bring the disaster to the people who made it happen? The destruction of the Democratic Party and creation of a truly progressive political movement is the only hope for black America. Margaret Kimberley About author Margaret Kimberley’s Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR. Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via email at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.Com. Ms. Kimberley’ maintains an edifying and frequently updated blog at freedomrider.blogspot.com . More of her work is also available at her Black Agenda Report archive page . Related ",0
5299,"Warren Buffett, in Annual Letter, Offers Hymn to U.S. Economy - The New York Times","Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor, on Saturday lauded the “miraculous” qualities of the United States economy in highlighting another stellar year for his company, Berkshire Hathaway. Mr. Buffett, whose record of beating the stock market over the past 50 years is unparalleled, is known for being persistently optimistic about the prospects of the American economy. But his usual hymn to the dynamism of the American economy in his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders that was released on Saturday morning reached new heights. “Americans have combined human ingenuity, a market system, a tide of talented and ambitious immigrants, and the rule of law to deliver abundance beyond any dreams of our forefathers,” Mr. Buffett wrote. He was a vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton during last year’s presidential campaign and he did not mention President Trump in his letter. But his celebration of the American economy’s ability to deliver growth stands in stark contrast to President Trump’s darker descriptions of the country’s economic prospects. That Mr. Buffett went out of his way to give credit to a “tide of talented and ambitious immigrants” was also worthy of note in light of the Trump administration’s crackdown on immigrants. Last year was another outstanding one for the man known widely as the Oracle of Omaha. Berkshire Hathaway’s stock price was up 23 percent in 2016, about double the return on the Standard  Poor’s 500 index. Berkshire’s operating companies, which include the insurance firm Geico, the railroad company BNSF and numerous others, also performed well in an improving economy, with operating earnings increasing to $17. 5 billion in 2016 from $17. 3 billion in 2015. Mr. Buffett’s investment letters, which accompany Berkshire’s report, are highly anticipated. After all, he is 86 years old, sitting on a mountain of $85 billion in cash and, as a recent documentary about his life made clear, showing little sign of slowing down. Mr. Buffett also revealed in his letter that a recent bet on Apple had paid quick dividends. He owns a 1. 1 percent stake in the company that he purchased at a total cost of $6. 7 billion. His 61 million shares are now worth over $8 billion. Over the years, Mr. Buffett has had a complicated relationship with Wall Street. He has been a withering critic of the culture of high pay, group think and excessive fees yet he has also swooped in to buy big stakes in investment firms when they hit rough times. In his 2016 letter, Mr. Buffett took special aim at hedge funds, which in recent years have faced persistent outflows of investor money because of poor performance, stubbornly high fees and a broad move toward cheaper, passive options like index funds and   funds. Underscoring his   thesis that, over time, highly paid   hotshots lose out to a cheap index fund, Mr. Buffett presented the latest results of a bet he made nine years ago. Since then, a standard S  P index fund overseen by Vanguard is up 85 percent, easily outpacing the hedge funds’ return of 22 percent. Annually, the gap is just as wide: 7 percent for the index fund and 2. 2 percent for the hedge funds. As usual, Mr. Buffett did not mince words in expressing his astonishment as to how elite investment professionals could register such mediocre returns while raking in steep fees. “I’m certain that in almost all cases the managers at both levels were honest and intelligent people. But the results for their investors were dismal  —   really dismal,” he wrote. “And, alas, the huge fixed fees charged by all of the funds and    involved  —   fees that were totally unwarranted by performance  —   were such that their managers were showered with compensation over the nine years that have passed. ”",0
5300,Mother Beats Cancer During Pregnancy with Twins Only to Die from Heart Failure a Day After Giving Birth,"A California mother who beat cancer while she was pregnant with twins died from heart failure a day after she gave birth to them. [Jamie Snider of Fresno, 30, underwent treatment and chemotherapy for an aggressive form of cervical cancer while she was pregnant with twins, the Daily Mail reported.  After undergoing a   and a radical hysterectomy March 16, Snider passed away from heart failure. Snider had beaten the cancer before when she had an ovary removed. She was surprised and overjoyed when she got pregnant with twins. Snider already had two young daughters, Aubrey and Maddie, and was ready to fight the cancer once more. She went through intensive treatment at Stanford Medical Center while she was pregnant, and the disease went into remission once again. Snider posted a photo of herself on Facebook, optimistic about her pregnancy and things to come. Snider’s friend Larina Campanile told KFSN about Snider’s last post on Facebook before the surgery. “‘Tomorrow will be a great day,’” Campanile read from the post. “‘God has been by my side the whole time. All your prayers and love have kept me going as well. Wish me luck. I’m having a   at 7 and then a radial hysterectomy right after. I’ll be fine. Thank you, God, for keeping me positive through all the hard times.’ And that was her last post. ” Snider survived the surgeries March 16 but died of heart failure the morning after. The babies, named Camila and Nico, were born prematurely, at 33 weeks, but they are healthy, according to family members. “What gives me peace in my heart is she got to see those babies and hold them and be with them a little bit,” said Campanile. Family and friends have raised money on GoFundMe for Snider’s funeral expenses and help with the children.",0
5301,Canadian Prime Minister to Skip Summit on CETA Deal With EU,"Get short URL 0 27 0 0 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will not be travelling to Brussels, Belgium on Thursday for the EU-Canada summit on the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the spokesman for the country’s trade minister said. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – On Thursday, the 28-nation bloc and Ottawa were expected to sign CETA at the joint EU-Canada Summit . However, on Monday Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said the nation was unable to sign the deal due to regional concerns. This is Why It is 'Impossible' to Sign EU-Canada CETA Deal on Thursday ""The Canadian delegation will not be travelling to Europe tonight… Canada remains ready to sign this important agreement when Europe is ready,"" Alex Lawrence, the spokesman for Canadian Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland, told the Global News broadcaster. 
CETA aims to establish a free trade zone between Canada and the European Union , scrapping more than 98 percent of the existing tariffs between Ottawa and Brussels. Opponents fear it would undermine standards and regulations on environmental protection, health, safety and workers' rights. ...",0
5302,CNN Talker Famous for Saying 'Pu***' on Air Lashes Out at Newt for Saying Megyn's 'Obsessed with Sex',"Share on Twitter The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
During a panel discussion on Wednesday's “Anderson Cooper 360,” Republican strategist and CNN regular Ana Navarro went off on Newt Gingrich over his meltdown on “The Kelly File”— during which he angrily accused Kelly of being “ fascinated with sex .” 
After Cooper referred to Gingrich's rant as “ironic,” Navarro jumped to take issue, 'correcting' the host before torching Gingrich over the treatment of his wife: 
“I think the word you were looking for was ‘hypocritical.' Remember Newt Gingrich’s wife? When he was running in 2012, told all of us, told the media [...] Gingrich offered her the choice between an open marriage or a divorce. 
So maybe, just maybe, if all of that baggage is on your shoulders, maybe you shouldn’t be the surrogate out there wagging your finger and accusing the woman who was reporting on sexual assault. 
Let me explain it slowly — sexual assault and sex are two things. One is unwanted. One is wanted. So maybe they need to understand that to begin with.” 
Navarro told uber-Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes that Gingrich shouldn't be used by the campaign in any capacity, given his past. Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN YouTube 
Incidentally, following the release of the now-infamous leaked 2005 video in which Trump brags about grabbing women by the p***y, Navarro angrily yelled the word during a CNN panel discussion after Hughes chastised her for saying it on-air. 
We'll go ahead and put Ana down as a “maybe” for Trump. ",0
5303,Report: Trump Tells Allies He Plans to Remove U.S. From Paris Climate Agreement - Breitbart,"U. S. President Donald Trump has informed multiple individuals, including EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, that he intends to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement, according several sources. [On Saturday night, Axios reported the news based on “three sources with direct knowledge. ”  Breitbart News has independently confirmed this reporting and that Trump has told others the same thing: that he plans to withdraw the U. S. from the agreement. Earlier on Saturday, the President tweeted from Italy that he would make his final decision next week as to whether the U. S. will remain in the Paris Accord. He was in Italy for the G7 summit at the end of his first overseas trip, which was preceded by visits to Saudi Arabia, Israel, the Vatican, and Brussels. I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 27, 2017,  While at the G7 summit, Trump was heavily lobbied to endorse the Paris Climate Agreement, but he declined to do so. The agreement was entered into under the Obama Administration. German Chancellor Angela Merkel characterized climate change talks with Trump as “very unsatisfying. ” On Friday, White House economic advisor Gary Cohn characterized President Trump’s position on climate change as “evolving,” though it was not clear exactly what that meant. An AFP report from early March which cited the New York Times stated that the Trump Administration team was divided over whether the United States should withdraw or remain in the Paris Climate Agreement. Secretary of Defense James Mattis told CBS Face the Nation, in an interview set to air on Sunday, that he sat in on some policy discussions on the issue while in Brussels and that President Trump is “wide open on this issue as he takes in the pros and cons of that accord. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
5304,Anderson Cooper Covering Orlando Shooting With Touch of Empathy - The New York Times,"Anderson Cooper was reading the names of victims of the Orlando massacre on CNN this week when, uncharacteristically, his voice wavered and he drew up short. For moments, viewers around the country heard only silence, and then the sounds of the anchor struggling to compose himself. “That was horrible,” Mr. Cooper recalled, a bit sheepishly, in an interview on Wednesday. Accustomed to covering foreign wars and lethal hurricanes, Mr. Cooper said he did not like to show his feelings on camera. But this time, he added, felt different: “I’ve been surprised at how emotional this has been. ” As the news industry descended on Florida this week in the aftermath of a mass shooting in a gay nightclub, Mr. Cooper’s raw,   coverage has stood out. He has held a   vigil of sorts, reciting a list of the dead refused to name the gunman, saying he wanted to focus on victims and, in a widely viewed exchange, grilled Florida’s attorney general for defending a state ban on   marriage. Mr. Cooper, who is gay, has seemed to embrace an advocacy role rarely seen among top network anchors, blending    reporting with a distinctly personal and empathetic touch. Until recently, Mr. Cooper did not discuss his sexuality in public. On Tuesday, for what he said was the first time he could remember, he referred to himself as gay on the air. “As gay people, we share strands of a common bond,” he said during the final moments of his   broadcast. “If this killer hoped to set us backwards, to make us live in fear, I think he’s made a sickening mistake. ” Speaking on Wednesday from his satellite truck in Orlando, Mr. Cooper insisted, emphatically, that he was no activist. “I’m not trying to push an agenda,” he said. “I’m not here to be an advocate, railing at the top of my lungs at injustices that’s the role other people have. ” But he said he had been preoccupied this week by memories of previous murders at gay nightclubs, including a 1970s firebombing in New Orleans and the shooting of gay patrons at a Greenwich Village bar in 1980. “There were people who have died, and no one really told their story,” Mr. Cooper said. “I think the fact that I am gay, and I am in a position where I can determine the content of a broadcast at night on CNN.   …     ” He let the thought trail off. “There have been generations of reporting on gay people where that has not been the case. ” Opinion is the coin of the realm on cable news, where Rachel Maddow, Sean Hannity and their brethren hold court nightly. Mr. Cooper is viewed as a more traditional   newsman, even if he does not shy away from conveying moral dismay in his coverage. He made his reputation during Hurricane Katrina, when his anguished reports from a decimated New Orleans seemed to channel national frustration with the recovery effort. It is hard to ignore, however, Mr. Cooper’s deeply felt connections with the gay community that was targeted in Orlando. In an exchange that spread quickly online, he confronted the Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, with what he said were complaints from gay residents about her office’s legal defense of Florida’s   marriage ban. “Do you really think you’re a champion of the gay community?” Mr. Cooper asked, suggesting repeatedly that there was a “sick irony” in Ms. Bondi’s saying she would now work to help relatives of gay victims. Ms. Bondi said on Wednesday that she was “disappointed” by Mr. Cooper’s approach. In a radio interview, she said that all the anchor’s aggressive questioning had done was “encourage anger and hate. ” She said that CNN had omitted a portion of the exchange in which she discussed her   for victims’ families and that the location of the interview, in front of an Orlando hospital, “wasn’t the time nor the place. ” (Mr. Cooper said Wednesday that Ms. Bondi “was clearly unhappy at the end of the interview,” adding: “She intimated that I didn’t like her, and I said, ‘I have no ill will toward you at all, it’s just my job to ask you questions. ’”) But Mr. Cooper, who cut short a European vacation to fly to Florida to cover the shooting, said he preferred to keep his focus on the victims, whose experiences, he said, he easily recognized. “I can’t tell you how many bars and clubs I’ve been to over the years,” Mr. Cooper said, volunteering that his longtime companion, Benjamin Maisani, owned several gay bars in New York. “Every gay man in America remembers the first time they went to a gay bar and how they felt. “I don’t want to sound like I’m speaking for the gay community,” said Mr. Cooper, who publicly acknowledged his sexual orientation in 2012. “But it certainly resonates very deeply for me. ”",0
5305,Terror Through the Eyes of Innocents: The Children in Nice - The New York Times,"NICE, France  —   It was the first and last fireworks show in this seaside city that    Yanis Coviaux ever saw. He died in the carnage Thursday night. So did Brodie Copeland, 11, who was visiting from the United States. Haroun El Kamel, 12, survived but might never look at fireworks the same way. Then there was Laura Borla, 14, who came to see the fireworks with her twin sister and their mother but was separated from them in the chaos. After days of searching frantically for her, Laura’s family learned on Sunday morning that she was dead. “We miss you already we will love you always,” her    sister, Lucie, said in a Facebook post. The driver who plowed his truck into crowds at the conclusion of the Bastille Day fireworks in Nice killed at least 84 people and injured hundreds more. The trauma was exacerbated by the presence of a large number of children, whose deaths, injuries and psychological scars gave this attack  —   like the one in March that killed many children at a park in Pakistan, or the recent slaughter of families celebrating the end of Ramadan in Baghdad  —   an especially brutal feel and underscored its indiscriminate cruelty. At least 10 children were killed Thursday night, and at least 35 were treated for injuries at hospitals in Nice. Others were separated from their parents in the chaos, and some no doubt saw and heard things they might carry with them for a long time. No one who was visiting the waterfront that night could have imagined such a horrific ending. Going to the fireworks on July 14 is an annual family ritual in Nice, a time for picnics on the beach  —   and, when the beach is too full, for spreading tablecloths on the meridian of the waterfront road known for more than 150 years as the Promenade des Anglais. From there, people have a fine view of the sea and the extravagant fireworks display. “You have to bring your children because if you don’t, you will pay for it all year  —   all their friends are there,” said Raja El Kamel, 43, Haroun’s mother, who was with him and a close friend from Sweden and her two children to watch the festivities. In a city that enjoys a party, the July 14 fireworks are especially beloved because the entire community joins in: Christian and Muslim, religious and secular, but French above all. The presence of large numbers of tourists gives the evening even more of a festive feel. For    Yanis and his parents, Mickael and Samira Coviaux, the evening was a first. The parents, both truck drivers, live in Grenoble, and this was their first time seeing the July 14 fireworks on the Mediterranean as a family, said Yanis’s aunt Anaïs Coviaux, a law student in Paris, who came to support her brother and    after Yanis was killed. “The children were playing among themselves, and they had their back to the road,” she said. “They did not hear the truck until just one second before it hit. It went up on the sidewalk it struck Yanis and the mother of one of the other children with them. ” The mother also died. There was no first aid nearby. Finally, Mr. Coviaux picked up his little boy and began walking with him until they found a person with a car who agreed to take them to the hospital. When they passed some firefighters, they stopped and asked them to try to revive him. But the child was dead. “He was my parents’ only grandson, the only grandson in the family,” Anaïs Coviaux said softly. She explained that her brother and his wife were too distraught to speak. “Yanis loved people,” she said. “He especially liked Sundays when all the family was gathered, and he would say, ‘Mamie and Papi, we are going to have a party. ’” Later, Mr. Coviaux said in an email that “every single person that Yanis met in his short life fell in love with him. ” The entire family gathered on the promenade Saturday to view the last sights he had seen. “It was important for us to come to the place he died to pay him a tribute,” Anaïs Coviaux said, “because we could not bear to say goodbye to him. We left a picture of him and flowers. ” Identifying children and examining them has been difficult because of the level of trauma and because some were brought to the hospital without relatives, said Sylvie Serret, a child psychiatrist at the Lenval Foundation hospital, which treated at least 30 injured children on Thursday night. “A lot of the children coming in were in a state of shock they were not speaking, for instance,” she said. An emergency room nurse at Pasteur Hospital, Mejdi Chemakhi, cared for several children, including a boy and a girl who had been brought in without their parents. The boy was 4, Mr. Chemakhi said, and the girl was 6. The boy, Mr. Chemakhi recounted, spoke in a flat tone, apparently in shock. “My mummy is dead, but my daddy is still alive,” he recalled the boy saying over and over. The boy, expressionless, finally said, “I am tired, I need to sleep, I have no clothes,” Mr. Chemakhi recalled. “So I took him in my arms and tried to console him,” he said. “You don’t really know what else to do in those situations. It is really important to make them feel safe. ” Later that night, a wounded man was brought to the hospital and told Mr. Chemakhi that he had lost his wife and could not find his children, a boy and a girl. Mr. Chemakhi realized the three belonged together and helped reunite them. On the Promenade des Anglais on Saturday, there were memorials of flowers and notes, sometimes every few feet, to mark where people had lost their lives. Nathalie Russo, 30, a Muslim who wears a hijab, came with her mother to retrace the steps she and her children,    Mayssa and    Emine, took on Thursday night. “My daughter is telling me that she does not want to see fireworks again,” Ms. Russo said, adding, “She kept asking me, ‘How did the bad people get from Paris to Nice? ’” “She thought the man who did this was one of those who attacked the Bataclan,” she said, “and he had come here to do the same thing. ” The Bataclan is the Paris concert hall where 90 people were shot dead by three Islamic State operatives on Nov. 13, when a total of 130 people were killed in and around Paris by terrorists. Some mothers and fathers who had not been near the fireworks brought their children to see the memorials on Saturday as a way of expressing unity with the community and defiance toward the terrorists. Nour Hamila, a Nice native who has converted to Islam, made a point of bringing her three children, who are 8, 5 and 3. “I told them not to be afraid because that’s what the terrorists want we have to support each other,” she said as her    son, Mohamed, placed flowers on one of the memorials. It is harder for those children who witnessed the killings. For Ms. Kamel’s    son, Haroun, the moment is etched in his mind. “We saw it from far away, a white truck in this black night,” she said. She recalled thinking that the truck did not belong there because the street was closed to traffic. Her son and her friend’s    son and    daughter were playing and laughing. Then the driver accelerated and began to veer from one side of the road to the other, “plowing into people,” she said. Somehow she pushed herself and her son onto the sidewalk as the truck neared. Then it passed, and all she remembers was her son saying, “Mama, Mama, you must come to help the people. ” She looked at the road and recognized a neighbor who was kneeling next to her husband, wailing his name. Ms. Kamel told her son to go with her friend and the other children. Everything was silent. “There was just this terrible wind,” she said. “To the left you saw bodies you looked right and saw bodies there were strollers, and people trying to save other people. ” After trying to comfort her neighbor, she looked for her son, but by then the crowds were running, and it was chaos. Hours later, when she found him and her friend, her son said, “Mama, did you manage to save the man?” Ms. Kamel responded that the emergency services had come for him. “You know, children don’t have a global vision,” she said. “He saw all those corpses, but for him, the one at his feet was supposed to be saved. ”",0
5306,Pa. lawmakers approve ban on naming officers in shootings,"Print 
As cities nationwide grapple with fatal police shootings, many involving unarmed black men, Pennsylvania’s legislature on Thursday passed and sent to Gov. Wolf a bill that would block public officials from immediately releasing the names of officers involved in such incidents. 
The measure, sponsored by Republican state Rep. Martina White of Philadelphia and approved by the GOP-controlled legislature, stoked sharp opinions and drew votes largely along partisan lines. 
Supporters say the bill, supported by several local police unions, is necessary to protect police officers and their families after such incidents. 
“We are the protectors of our protectors,” said one proponent, Rep. Dominic Costa, a Pittsburgh De mocrat. 
Opponents said the bill flies in the face of transparency, which they believe is even more critical in tragic circumstances involving police shootings. 
“Do not undermine the bridges that have been built between law enforcement and communities of color,” said Rep. Margo Davidson (D., Delaware) during a floor debate. “This legislation will do nothing but breed suspicion.”",0
5307,"WOW: Indictment ‘Likely’ in Clinton Foundation Case, Hillary’s Server Hacked by FIVE Foreign Entities | Daily Wire","WOW: Indictment ‘Likely’ in Clinton Foundation Case, Hillary’s Server Hacked by FIVE Foreign Entities By: November 3, 2016 
Uh-oh. 
According to Bret Baier of Fox News, the FBI has been investigating the Clinton Foundation for over a year, and that investigation has been deep and wide – and just as importantly, the FBI is on the verge of indictment for “pay-for-play” with regard to Hillary’s State Department. The FBI investigation has uncovered laptops from Clinton top aides and the material on those laptops is being analyzed. 
And most importantly of all , the sources at the FBI have apparently told Baier with “99 percent accuracy” that Hillary’s server was hacked at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and information was withdrawn. 
Meanwhile, we now know that the Department of Justice attempted to pressure the FBI into shutting down the investigation into the Clinton Foundation entirely. According to The Wall Street Journal , the FBI deputy director even asked the DOJ if they truly wanted to shut down a “validly predicated investigation.” 
This is devastating information for Hillary. 
Donald Trump is now leading in Florida, Ohio, Nevada, Iowa, and North Carolina. Trump is within spitting distance in Colorado and Pennsylvania, and two new polls show Trump up in Virginia and New Hampshire, respectively. If Trump picks off any of those latter states, he wins the election. 
The best case scenario for Hillary Clinton just days ago was simple: hunker down and wait out these scandals. Assume that as time goes on, the race will revert back to its pre-Comey normal, with Hillary hovering between a two and four percent lead. But each new day brings a new revelation about her corruption and the corruption of the Clinton Foundation and State Department. Each new day demonstrates the extent of the cover-up by the Obama administration. 
Hillary’s running out of days to recover. 
The only question is whether she can hang on with her fingernails now, especially if the American public is upset enough about her pay-for-play and exposure of American classified material to put Trump in the White House, not trusting Loretta Lynch’s DOJ to prosecute Hillary for her crimes. Tags ",0
5308,"As Daylight Saving Starts, Some Ask: Why Fall Back at All? - The New York Times","DAMARISCOTTA, Me.  —   Several years ago, the owner of a sandwich shop on the main drag here grew so tired of turning the clocks back in the fall  —   and witnessing the early sunsets that followed  —   that he simply decided not to. That year, he kept his shop on daylight saving time all winter. “We have such short days,” said Sumner Fernald Richards III, the owner. “It was very nice to get out in the afternoon and still have an hour or two of daylight. ” Changing the clocks brings grumbles around the country, and especially here, in the nation’s Easternmost region, where “falling back” in the wintertime means sunsets as early as 4 p. m. and sometimes earlier. But as the clocks once again were nudged ahead to daylight saving time in many parts of the nation over the weekend, foes of turning the clocks back in the first place saw a glimmer of hope in New England. Efforts to alter time zones pop up around the country like spring tulips every year, and rarely get very far. But some in New England are trying a different tack this time: They want, in essence, to stay on daylight saving time throughout the year, and think that a concurrent regional approach could be the key. If multiple New England states make the jump at the same time, the thinking goes, it just might happen  —   even if that means taking the unusual step of splitting from the time zone of the rest of the East Coast, including New York City. “We are a distinct region of the country,” said Tom Emswiler, a health care administrator in Boston who is part of a dedicated smattering of New Englanders pushing for the change. “If New York wants to join us on permanent Atlantic time: Come in, the water’s fine. ” The efforts to join Atlantic Standard Time would mean that, for about four months out of the year, some New England states would be an hour ahead of the rest of the Eastern time zone. Last year, Massachusetts created a commission to study the question. The states have not coordinated, but in New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Maine, proposals have been filed that could open the possibility for such a change, at the very least, if their powerful neighbor  —   home to Boston, an economic driver  —   does. “Our markets and our businesses would be operating ahead of New York I don’t know how they’d like that,” State Senator Eileen M. Donoghue of Massachusetts said. She is chairwoman of the state’s commission, which has a major public hearing this week. The idea, the senator said, requires much more study and perhaps, down the line, will merit a summit meeting of the interested states. “When you look at the geography, we certainly line up more with the Atlantic time zone,” Ms. Donoghue said. Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands and parts of Canada including Nova Scotia are on Atlantic Standard Time now. Experts say the plan seems unlikely to come to fruition. Even if state legislatures passed these bills  —   and, so far, only New Hampshire’s House has  —   it would require either a regulatory action by the federal Department of Transportation, or an act of Congress. The governors of Massachusetts and Rhode Island have expressed reservations about making such a break. But the debate has renewed musings about why, exactly, this part of the country is part of a time zone that may better serve cities to its west, and whether the region ought to boldly step away from its neighbors  —   maybe even on principle. “Why do we essentially torture ourselves  —   in the spring in particular  —   and keep changing the clocks and messing everybody up?” asked Donna Bailey, a Democratic state representative from Saco, Me. who filed a bill on the matter this year. Under the current form of the bill, she said, Maine would have a referendum on the issue if both Massachusetts and New Hampshire made the switch. “If we do it on a regional basis,” Ms. Bailey added, “you carve out a niche for yourself, that you don’t have to be so dependent on New York City. ” Any such switch would create a special complication for Connecticut since the northern part of the state is closely tied to Massachusetts, while many residents of the southern section commute to New York City. The most frequently cited argument against a change is its effect on schoolchildren, who would most likely board buses in the dark on winter mornings. Proponents counter that the whole state of Maine, as well as communities including Boston, are considering pushing school start times back, too. Plus, opponents say, such a change could create confusion for businesses and chaos for passengers taking Amtrak trains from New York to Boston and trying to figure out what time it is. Broadcast schedules  —   and with them, teams like the Patriots and the Bruins  —   could be affected as well. “Once you start toying with the clocks, there are repercussions that people don’t bear in mind,” said Michael Downing, the author of “Spring Forward: The Annual Madness of Daylight Saving Time. ” Time was kept locally in the United States until 1883, when railroad companies established the time zones. Daylight saving time began in Europe during World War I as an effort to save energy. It was adopted by the United States in 1918 but repealed the following year after strident objections from farmers, who preferred having more light in the morning, not in the evening. But more cosmopolitan and some Eastern areas, like New York City and the state of Massachusetts, decided to keep it, opening up an inconsistent approach to timekeeping until Congress split the difference in 1966 and set the rule as six months of standard time and six months of daylight saving time. It is now observed between the middle of March and the beginning of November  —   except in Arizona and Hawaii, which have opted out. If nothing else, the bills have sparked renewed rumination on time and light here in New England, and many people have their reasons for considering a change. “Definitely it would mean a longer day of business,” said Lynn Archer, a chef who owns two restaurants in Rockland, Me. and groaned the other day as the harbor there glowed pink during an early evening sunset. But the idea has left others  —   including the editorial board of The Bangor Daily News  —   aghast, saying it would isolate the state and hurt business. Plus, many Mainers are used to things as they are. “You’re tough New Englanders, it’s just like  —   yeah, it’s cold and dark,” said Susan D’Amore, of Washington, Me. “So?”",0
5309,Farage Says Geert Wilders-Style Islam Ban Will ‘Alienate’ Moderate Muslims,"Nigel Farage has said the UK should adopt Donald   “extreme vetting” after the Westminster attack, but not follow Geert Wilders’ plan “for an entire religion to be outlawed” as that will “alienate” moderate Muslims. [“I’ve long taken the view we should be deeply intolerant of sharia law,” the former UKIP leader told Australia’s ABC News.  “But I’ve also long taken the view, that if you go down the route of say in The Netherlands, who says he wants in that country for all the mosques to be closed for the Quran to be banned and for an entire religion to be outlawed, then we will lose. ” He said such policies will “alienate the 80 per cent who are with us” adding: “We have got to try to get [moderate Muslims] on our side. ” Geert Wilders, the leader of the Dutch Party for Freedom, argues that there is little distinction between Islamism, radical Islam, and mainstream Muslim beliefs. Mr. Farage, however, said the difference in the spectrum of Islamic beliefs is great  —   larger than that between moderate Muslim beliefs and Western belief systems. “Let’s be honest: this division, actually, is in some ways less between the Muslim and the Christian community, than it is a division within the Muslim community,” he said. “There is a percentage of people within the Muslim faith in this country who have sympathy with [Islamic State] but the vast majority don’t,” he added. pic. twitter.   —   Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) March 26, 2017,  Mr. Farage also defended his statement that the Westminster terror attack was further evidence of the need for a temporary travel ban from some   states. “If you’ve got a problem already, why on earth would you add to it?” he said. “I want us to have extreme vetting. Of course, why wouldn’t you?” The Westminster attacker was indeed born in the UK, but a travel ban “might stop the next one” he said, However, the distinct problem of “  Islamic terrorism” and radicalisation happening in schools, prisons, and online must also be tackled, he said. “We have been, franking, cowardly with dealing with the divisions within out communities,” Mr. Farage said. “We’ve got to get rid of this failed doctrine of multiculturalism. What that meant, is that we have encouraged division within our communities rather than integration and unity. ”",0
5310,Donald Trump on ’Sick’ Beheading Photo: ’Kathy Griffin Should Be Ashamed of Herself’ - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump said Wednesday leftwing comedian Kathy Griffin “should be ashamed of herself” for posing with his bloody, severed head in a   photo. [“Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!” Trump tweeted Wednesday morning.  Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017,  TMZ first obtained the photo, taken by photographer Tyler Shields, on Tuesday and published a short video of Griffin posing with Trump’s severed head. “This is fake blood, just so you know. I won’t give away what we’re doing, but Tyler and I are not afraid to do images that make noise,” Griffin said on the tape. The beheading video was inspired by Trump insulting former Fox News host Megyn Kelly, Griffin told a blogger. “I caption this ‘there was blood coming out of his eyes, blood coming out of his  …    wherever’ Also @tylershields great   maker,” Griffin tweeted on Tuesday. “OBVIOUSLY, I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone, ever! I’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief. ” After an explosive backlash, Griffin deleted her tweets and posted an Instagram video saying she “went way too far. ” “I’m a comic,” she said. “I cross the line. I move the line, then I cross it. I went way too far. The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn’t funny. I get it. I’ve made a lot of mistakes in my career, I will continue. ” CNN called the beheading photo “disgusting” but did not definitely state Griffin would be prevented from   New Year’s Eve coverage. “We found what she did disgusting and offensive. We are pleased to see she has apologized and asked that the photos be taken down. We are evaluating our New Year’s Eve coverage and have made no decisions at this point,” CNN said in a statement.",0
5311,Firing of South Africa’s Finance Minister Widens a Political Rift - The New York Times,"JOHANNESBURG  —   The two rival factions inside South Africa’s governing African National Congress attacked each other publicly on Friday after President Jacob Zuma abruptly fired a   finance minister who was considered a bulwark against government corruption. Mr. Zuma, who has been embroiled in a series of scandals since taking office in 2009, dismissed the finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, as part of a   cabinet shuffle in which 10 of 35 ministers were fired. The deputy president, Cyril Ramaphosa, called the decision “unacceptable. ” Another senior figure, Gwede Mantashe, the A. N. C. secretary general, said the cabinet shuffle was not done with the party’s approval. “Ministers have been moved, and the majority of them were good performing ministers,” Mr. Mantashe said. Jackson Mthembu, a senior A. N. C. lawmaker, said Mr. Gordhan’s only crime was “incorruptibility. ” “It’s unprecedented to have senior A. N. C. members come out with dissenting views in public like this,” said William Gumede, a political scientist at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg and executive chairman of the Democracy Works Foundation, a   group. “Now that the conflict has gone public, people and party members can see the divisions clearly,” Mr. Gumede said. “It will be very difficult for Zuma to shrug this off and claim that everything is fine. ” The firing was a result of a   battle between Mr. Zuma and Mr. Gordhan, and the interests they represent. Mr. Zuma’s supporters have accused Mr. Gordhan of representing South Africa’s   business community and have urged Mr. Zuma to fire the minister and replace him with someone with a looser grip on state coffers, so as to carry out “radical transformation. ” Mr. Gordhan’s backers belong to the urban faction of the A. N. C. one less beholden to the politics of patronage that the party practices in rural strongholds. Mr. Ramaphosa, a liberation figure who also became one of the country’s richest black businessmen after the end of apartheid, is considered the leader of the urban faction, and he is seen as a leading candidate to succeed Mr. Zuma as the party’s leader in December. The other top contender, Nkosozana   a former chairwoman of the African Union who was once married to Mr. Zuma, has been backed by groups most loyal to the president. The finance minister’s dismissal sent the currency, the rand, plummeting as much as 5 percent at one point. The cost of borrowing for the government jumped, amid fears that rating agencies would downgrade South Africa’s government bonds to junk status. Africa’s most industrialized economy, South Africa is projected to grow 0. 8 percent this year, and unemployment is 27 percent. Speculation is rife that Mr. Zuma might be compelled to step down before the scheduled end of his second   term in 2019, clearing the way for another party leader to take the reins. Mr. Gordhan, who learned of his dismissal from a television report, defended his record on Friday as protesters gathered at the headquarters of the National Treasury, part of the Finance Ministry. “We hope more and more South Africans will make it absolutely clear that our country is not for sale,” Mr. Gordhan said. “It is important that the public knows what we do at the Treasury, how we serve South Africa, how the budgeting process works and how we make sure that the poor in South Africa benefit from the taxes that we collect from all South Africans, as well. ” The firing on Thursday night capped a week of tensions that began on Monday when Mr. Zuma ordered Mr. Gordhan to return abruptly from a trade and investment roadshow in Britain. As rumors circulated that Mr. Gordhan would be fired, Mr. Zuma summoned A. N. C. leaders for a meeting. The meeting did not produce a consensus, officials have said. The South African Communist Party, part of the A. N. C.  coalition that governs the country, said that Mr. Zuma had cited an intelligence report speculating that Mr. Gordhan might be plotting to undermine the president. Mr. Gordhan has called the report preposterous. Mr. Mthembu, the senior A. N. C. lawmaker, said that the intelligence report’s accusations were “plain rubbish. ” Mr. Zuma, in a statement on Friday, announced that he had replaced Mr. Gordhan with Malusi Gigaba, the home affairs minister. Mr. Gordhan’s deputy, Mcebisi Jonas, was also fired and replaced by Sfiso N. Buthelezi. The two new finance appointees  —   A. N. C. loyalists active in the party since their youth, and members of Parliament  —   are “largely unknown to investors,” Morgan Stanley said in a research note on Friday. “This could create further uncertainty in South Africa’s financial markets. ” Mr. Zuma said that the    —   10 new ministers and 10 new deputy ministers were named  —   was intended to “improve efficiency and effectiveness” and to “bring some younger M. P. s and women into the national executive in order to benefit from their energy, experience and expertise. ” Mr. Gordhan, after a stint as finance minister from 2009 to 2014, was reappointed to the job in December 2015, after Mr. Zuma abruptly replaced his successor, Nhlanhla Nene, with a   junior lawmaker. Mr. Zuma changed that decision four days later, after the rand and the stock market tumbled, and Mr. Gordhan’s return to the job helped reassure investors. But Mr. Gordhan has repeatedly been at odds with the president since then. He resisted Mr. Zuma’s push to approve expensive nuclear power plants, and he tried to rein in public spending. He also clashed with a powerful family, the Guptas, who are close to Mr. Zuma and are so influential that Mr. Zuma was obliged to publicly insist last year that he was in charge of his government. Trieu Pham, a credit analyst at MUFG Securities in London, said there were important differences between this week’s dismissal of Mr. Gordhan and the firing of Mr. Nene in 2015. Mr. Gordhan’s departure, if not the timing, had been expected his replacement, unlike Mr. Nene’s, is a cabinet minister, albeit one with limited experience in finance and the rand and stock prices have risen in recent months, allowing some room for maneuver. “The long waiting time indicates that Zuma has well weighed the factors for and against the reshuffle, and thinks that he has garnered enough support to resist a power struggle and a breakup of the A. N. C. ,” Mr. Pham said.",0
5312,Video: Underwater Handgun Takes Fishing to the Next Level of Fun | Daily Wire,"Video: Underwater Handgun Takes Fishing to the Next Level of Fun By: Chase Stephens November 23, 2016 
For some people, fishing is a long, boring day of sitting and staring endlessly at a rod and reel that may never get a bite. But what if you could get down with those mocking water-breathers and have high-noon shoot-out with them the way nature intended? 
Well, that's just what some Florida boys thought when they decided to take their modified Glock 9mm pistol into the Gulf of Mexico to help deal with the infestation of Lionfish. 
TheSickest provides some more details on the Lionfish overpopulation problem and the boys' creative way to address it: 
""Lionfish are an invasive species with no natural predators who’s females lay a staggering two million eggs a year. The intersection between ammunition-happy Americans and the determent of an overpopulated species is where the the use of this new sporting phenomenon was birthed. 
Lionsfish were never intended to be in the Gulf of Mexico, and while its speculated that their transplant may be linked to a hurricanes back in the 90’s, because of their rapid reproductive nature the waters have become flooded by their presence. 
A single Lionsfish consumes 80% reef’s edible baitfish within five weeks of arriving on that reef – incredibly damaging to plant that is the cornerstone of the underwater ecosystem. The issue has gotten to a point where entering the Florida coast at any time can mean running across thousands of Lionsfish, just posted up chilling. 
The good news is that the introduction of the gun has the potential of bringing hunters and otherwise uninterested fishers to the gulf for a fun filled time of shooting underwater, an activity that actually looks like a blast."" 
The video below shows just how fun it can be: 


""Shooting invasive Lionfish over 100ft underwater with customized Glock 9mm handgun in the Gulf of Mexico,"" the video description states. ""The project started to see if we could shoot a gun underwater and it evolved into much more with the right people involved. Lionfish are an invasive species that need to be eradicated. All weapons modifications done under supervision of Airborne Arms Inc license holder ""07-Manufacturer of Firearms other than Destructive Devices"" with support of Lone Wolf Glock Parts. www.lonewolfdist.com"" 
Exit video of another group of fisherman who've combined skiing with barbarian weaponry to help deal with Peoria, Illinois' Asian carp problem: 
",0
5313,Stricter Rules for Voter IDs Reshape Races - The New York Times,"SAN ANTONIO  —   In a state where everything is big, the 23rd Congressional District that hugs the border with Mexico is a monster: eight and a half hours by car across a stretch of land bigger than any state east of the Mississippi. In 2014, Representative Pete Gallego logged more than 70, 000 miles there in his white Chevy Tahoe, campaigning for   to the House  —   and lost by a bare 2, 422 votes. So in his bid this year to retake the seat, Mr. Gallego, a Democrat, has made a crucial adjustment to his strategy. “We’re asking people if they have a driver’s license,” he said. “We’re having those basic conversations about IDs at the front end, right at our first meeting with voters. ” Since their inception a decade ago, voter identification laws have been the focus of fierce political and social debate. Proponents, largely Republican, argue that the regulations are essential tools to combat election fraud, while critics contend that they are mainly intended to suppress turnout of   constituencies like minorities and students. As the general election nears  —   in which new or strengthened voter ID laws will be in place in Texas and 14 other states for the first time in a presidential election  —   recent academic research indicates that the requirements restrict turnout and disproportionately affect voting by minorities. The laws are also, as in the case of Mr. Gallego, reshaping how many campaigns are run  —   with candidates not only spending time to secure votes, but also time to ensure those votes can be cast.   states now have ID laws, at least 17 of them  —   including Texas  —   requiring not just written proof of identity, but requiring or requesting a photograph as well. Most research suggests that the laws result in few people being turned away at the polls. But a study of the Texas ID requirement by Rice University’s Baker Institute for Public Policy released in August found that many more qualified voters, confused or intimidated by the new rules, have not tried to vote at all. “What voters hear is that you need to have an ID,” said Mark P. Jones of the Baker Institute, an author of the study. “But they don’t get the second part that says if you have one of these types of IDs, you’re O. K. ” A second study, by the University of California, San Diego, concluded in February that the strictest voter ID laws  —   those that require an identity card with a photograph  —   disproportionately affect minority voters. After Mr. Gallego’s narrow loss in 2014, researchers from the Baker Institute and the University of Houston’s Hobby Center for Public Policy polled 400 registered voters in the district who sat out the election. All were asked why they did not vote, rating on a scale of 1 to 5 from a list of seven explanations  —   being ill, having transportation problems, being too busy, being out of town, lacking interest, disliking the candidates and lacking a required photo identification. Nearly 26 percent said the main reason was that they were too busy. At the other end, 5. 8 percent said the main reason was lacking a proper photo ID, with another 7 percent citing it as one reason. Most surprising, however, was what researchers found when they   that response: The vast majority of those who claimed not to have voted because they lacked a proper ID actually possessed one, but did not know it. Moreover, Dr. Jones of the Baker Institute said, “The confused voters said they would have voted overwhelmingly for Gallego. ” Whether such voters would have changed the outcome of the election is unknown. But Mr. Gallego said the issue goes far beyond how the laws affect individual races. “It’s tremendously undemocratic in a democratic society when you deliberately disenfranchise thousands of people,” he said. “Turnout is good for the system. ” While the numbers vary, studies consistently indicate that a modest but significant share of adult Americans  —   up to 13. 6 percent  —   lack   photo ID cards, like driver’s licenses and university IDs. And the studies consistently show that, compared with whites, the share of minorities without photo IDs is far higher. In Texas, more than 600, 000 people are eligible to vote or are already registered but have no acceptable photo ID, according to an analysis admitted as evidence in 2014 in a federal lawsuit seeking to overturn the state’s law. Most of the strict photo ID laws have been enacted in the past decade by   legislatures over Democratic objections. Many are in Southern states whose election procedures had been under federal supervision for compliance with the 1965 Voting Rights Act until the Supreme Court invalidated key provisions of the act in 2013. Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas, who defended the state’s voter ID law against legal challenges when he served as attorney general from 2002 to 2015, says the law’s ID requirements have maintained election integrity and have not disenfranchised voters. “As the Supreme Court has already held, the voter ID requirement is no more burdensome than other voting requirements, including registering to vote,” Ciara Matthews, a spokeswoman for Mr. Abbott, said in a statement. “That minimal burden is far outweighed by the state’s compelling interest in protecting elections and voter confidence in the outcome of those elections. ” Texas officials say they are spending millions of dollars to help voters understand and meet the new ID requirements, including deploying mobile offices to help citizens apply for election IDs. “We just haven’t seen any   problem,” said Alicia Pierce, the communications director for the Texas secretary of state. But in Wisconsin, Todd Allbaugh resigned as chief of staff to a leading Republican state senator last year after attending a party caucus in which, he said, some legislators “were literally giddy” over the effect of the state’s voter ID law on minorities and college students. “I remember when Republicans were the ones who helped Johnson pass the civil rights bill in the ’60s  —   not Democrats,” Mr. Allbaugh said in an interview last week. “I went down to the office and said, ‘I’m done. I can’t support this party any more.’ ” In North Carolina last week, a federal judge upheld sweeping changes to election rules, including a voter ID provision, that had been contested by the Justice Department and civil rights groups. Wisconsin’s voter ID law will get its   debut this year after first being rejected by the Supreme Court, then rewritten by Republican legislators. Texas’ photo ID law, which took effect in 2013, remains in place despite being struck down three times in federal courts, and faces another court test later this year. To enter a voting booth in Texas one of the following is required: a Texas driver’s license, a Texas election or personal ID card, a Texas license to carry a handgun, a military ID, a passport or a citizenship card. People without the required identification can cast a provisional ballot, but they must produce an approved ID within six days or their ballot will be nullified. The law’s critics say the list is notable for what government documents it does not include  —   a Texas university student ID, a tribal identity card or a state employee ID, to cite three examples that could be more likely used by Democratic voters than by Republicans. Mr. Abbott, perhaps the law’s most ardent backer, has said that voter fraud “abounds” in Texas. A review of some 120 fraud charges in Texas between 2000 and 2015, about eight cases a year, turned up instances of buying votes and setting up fake residences to vote. Critics of the law note that no more than three or four infractions would have been prevented by the voter ID law. Nationally, fraud that could be stopped by IDs is almost nonexistent, said Lorraine C. Minnite, author of the 2010 book “The Myth of Voter Fraud. ” To sway an election, she said, it would require persuading perhaps thousands of people to commit felonies by misrepresenting themselves  —   and do it undetected. “It’s ludicrous,” she said. “It’s not an effective way to try to corrupt an election. ” As attorney general, Mr. Abbott argued that the law’s critics “turn a blind eye to illegal voting and instead rail against voter ID as discriminatory. ” That is not so, he wrote in 2012: “States with voter ID laws have seen minority vote participation increase, not decrease. ” That is misleading, said Zoltan L. Hajnal, a political science professor at the University of California, San Diego, and an author of the study on photo ID laws and minority turnout. The relevant question, he said, is how minority turnout in states with photo ID laws compares with that in states without such laws. His study, which relied on a sample of more than 50, 000 verified voters collected annually since 2006, reached a stark conclusion. “We’re finding typically that strict voter ID laws double or triple the gap in turnout between whites and nonwhites,” he said. The Texas law also has a smaller, but potentially significant consequence: Many voters who cast provisional ballots  —   because they either lack an ID or forgot theirs on Election Day  —   never return with proper documents to make their votes count. For example, in Harris County, which includes Houston and is the state’s largest county, only 27 of 389 provisional voters later produced proper IDs in three elections in 2014 and 2015. Finlay K. McCracken, 19, a history major at Trinity University in San Antonio, was among those whose vote went uncounted in November 2014. On Election Day, three months after moving there from Virginia, he presented an unexpired Virginia driver’s license and a voter registration card at his polling place, and was told neither was acceptable. “It’s a valid ID,” he said. “Texas has a lot of gall to deny me the right to vote when I have a driver’s license from another state and a valid voter registration card. ”",0
5314,Jackie Mason: Hillary Clinton Too Untrustworthy To Serve As Bathroom Attendant – She’d Steal The Toilet Paper,"Email 

During a radio interview, comic legend and political pundit Jackie Mason joked that the only time Hillary Clinton is not lying “is when her mouth is not moving.”“And even then, she is probably lying because she’s probably sitting there thinking of the next lie she is going to tell,” he added. 
Mason claimed that Clinton is so untrustworthy that she likely couldn’t land a job as an “attendant in the ladies’ room because they would be afraid that she would steal the towels or the napkins. Even the toilet paper wouldn’t be safe from her.” 
Mason was speaking during his regular segment on this reporter’s talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia. 
He continued: 
Do you think that if she went for any other job besides the presidency that anyone would hire her anywhere? If you saw her resume which is a resume of accomplishing nothing and running from the police three-quarters of her life. She is always either indicted or almost indicted or about to be indicted. Her whole life spent fleeing from the Justice Departments of different countries. Now, this yenta, do you think she would be able to get any other job? … 
Would you think they would hire her as a chambermaid? Do you know what all those sheets and pillowcases are worth? Do you think they would trust her with it? After they found out the history of her life. Let’s be honest about it, if you went on a vacation would you let her watch your house while you went on vacation? Would you expect to come back and find anything still there?",0
5315,Voting Machines Switching Trump Votes to Hillary Clinton: It Is Happening Again! | Crime All-Stars,"(Before It's News)
By Michael Synder Is the 2016 election in the process of being stolen? Just a few weeks ago I issued a major alert warning that this exact sort of thing might happen. Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. So those living down in Texas need to keep reporting anything unusual that they see or hear when they go to vote.
Most Americans don’t realize this, but the exact same thing was happening during the last presidential election. The state of Ohio was considered to be the key to Mitt Romney’s chances of winning in 2012, and right up to election day the Romney campaign actually believed that they were going to win the state.
Unfortunately for Romney, something funny was going on with the voting machines. In a previous article , I included a Quote: from an Ohio voter that had her vote switched from Mitt Romney to Barack Obama three times …
“I don’t know if it happened to anybody else or not, but this is the first time in all the years that we voted that this has ever happened to me,” said Marion, Ohio, voter Joan Stevens.
Stevens said that when she voted, it took her three tries before the machine accepted her choice to vote for Romney .
“I went to vote and I got right in the middle of Romney’s name,” Stevens told Fox News, saying that she was certain to put her finger directly on her choice for the White House.
She said that the first time she pushed “Romney,” the machine marked “Obama.”
So she pushed Romney again. Obama came up again. Then it happened a third time.
“Maybe you make a mistake once, but not three times,” she told Fox News.
And we did see some very, very strange numbers come out of certain areas of Ohio four years ago.
For example, there were more than 100 precincts in Cuyahoga County in which Barack Obama got at least 99 percent of the vote in 2012.
If that happened in just one precinct that would be odd enough. But the odds of it happening in more than 100 precincts in just one county by random chance are so low that they aren’t even worth mentioning.
And of course this didn’t just happen in Ohio. Similar things were happening all over the country .
The reason why I bring all of this up is to show that there is a pattern. If a fair vote had been conducted, Romney may have indeed won in 2012, and now it appears that voting machines are being rigged again.
In Wichita County, Texas so many people were reporting that their votes were being switched from Trump to Clinton that it made the local newspaper …
Shortly after early voting booths opened Monday in Wichita County, rumors swirled online about possible errors in the process. Several online posts claimed a friend or family member had attempted to vote straight party Republican ticket, but their presidential nomination was switched to the Democratic nominee, Hilary Clinton. None of the local reports were from people who experienced the situation first hand. A Bowie woman posted that a relative who lives in Arlington saw her votes “switched.” The post was shared more than 100,000 times Monday.
And Paul Joseph Watson has written about some specific individuals that are making allegations that their votes for president were switched by the machines. One of the examples that he cited was a Facebook post by Lisa Houlette of Amarillo, Texas …
Gary and I went to early vote today…I voted a straight Republican ticket and as I scrolled to submit my ballot I noticed that the Republican Straight ticket was highlighted, however, the clinton/kaine box was also highlighted! I tried to go back and change and could not get it to work. I asked for help from one of the workers and she couldn’t get it to go back either. It took a second election person to get the machine to where I could correct the vote to a straight ticket. Be careful and double check your selections before you cast your vote! Don’t hesitate to ask for help. I had to have help to get mine changed.
I don’t know about you, but major alarm bells went off in my head when I read that.
A similar incident was reported on Facebook by Shandy Clark of Arlington, Texas …
Hey everyone, just a heads up! I had a family member that voted this morning and she voted straight Republican. She checked before she submitted and the vote had changed to Clinton! She reported it and made sure her vote was changed back. They commented that It had been happening. She is trying to get the word out and asked that we post and share. Just want everyone’s vote to be accurate and count. Check your vote before you submit!
And of course they weren’t the only ones reporting vote switching. It turns out that lots of other Texans have also experienced this phenomenon …
So is there a serious problem with the voting machines?
According to Breitbart , one county in Texas has already removed all electronic voting machines and has made an emergency switch to paper ballots…
Chambers County election officials have executed an emergency protocol to remove all electronic voting machines available during early voting until a software update can be completed to correct problems experienced by straight-ticket voters .
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne told Breitbart Texas Tuesday morning that all electronic voting was temporarily halted until her office completes a “software update” on ES&S machines that otherwise “omit one race” when a straight ticket option is selected for either major party. The Texas 14 th Court of Appeals race was reported to be the contest in which voters commonly experienced the glitch.
Let’s keep a very close eye on this. If the state of Texas ends up in Trump’s column on election night, perhaps no harm has been done.
But if Trump loses Texas there is no possible way that he will be able to make up those 38 electoral votes somewhere else.
Despite what the mainstream media is saying, the truth is that election fraud is very real. Just the other day, WND published an article that contained a list of documented cases of election fraud in 23 different states . And Devvy Kidd just authored a piece that pointed out that there are 24 million voter registrations in this country that are “ no longer valid or are significantly inaccurate “…
In 2012 the highly respected Pew Research Center exposed the sickening state of voter rolls in this country:
Nearly 2 million deceased registered to vote
Close to 3 million registered in multiples states
Approximately 24 million—one of every eight—voter registrations in the United States are no longer valid or are significantly inaccurate
More than 1.8 million deceased individuals are listed as voters
Approximately 2.75 million people have registrations in more than one state
But despite everything you just read, the mainstream media is trying very hard to prop up faith in the integrity of the process. In fact, just today CNN came out with an article entitled “ Poll: Most see a Hillary Clinton victory and a fair count ahead “…
Almost 7 in 10 voters nationwide say they think Hillary Clinton will win the presidency next month, but most say that if that happens, Donald Trump will not accept the results and concede, according to a new CNN/ORC poll.
Americans overall are more confident that the nation’s votes for president will be cast and counted accurately this year than they were in 2008. Whatever the outcome, however, nearly 8 in 10 say that once all the states have certified their vote counts, the losing candidate has an obligation to accept the results and concede to the winner.
Unfortunately, CNN does not have much credibility left at this point, and it is getting harder and harder to believe the polls that are being put out by the mainstream media.
And the mainstream media would also have us believe that if evidence of election fraud does emerge that it will be because the Russians have made it up …
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to Russia’s intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud.
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election.
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said.
Now that is a real “conspiracy theory”, and it would be incredibly funny if all of this wasn’t so serious.
During this election season, if you see or hear anything unusual about voting in your area, please report it.
The American people should be allowed to make a free and fair choice, and anyone that attempts to alter an election is committing a crime against all of us.
And let’s watch the state of Texas very carefully. If it goes blue, you will know that something has gone terribly, terribly wrong.
http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/it-is-happening-again-voting-machines-are-switching-votes-from-donald-trump-to-hillary-clinton",0
5316,"In Once-Tolerant Mosul, a Social Unraveling That Feels Permanent - The New York Times","ERBIL, Iraq  —   More than two years ago, a Christian farmer in his 70s named Mosa Zachariah fled his village near Mosul with, as he put it, only the pants he was wearing. He left behind his house, “tons of wheat” and a BMW. But now that his town, an early target of the Iraqi security forces as they advance on Mosul itself, has been cleared of the Islamic State forces, it is not jubilation he feels, but fear of what awaits him if he tries to return. He wistfully talked about his city’s diversity as something completely unattainable now. “In that time, the Muslims and Christians were like brothers,” he said. Musab Juma, a Shiite who used to live in the Mosul area, said he would not be going back, either. He relocated to Najaf, in southern Iraq, where he has a food stall and has decorated his home with old photos and antiques from his hometown. Yazidis and Kurds and Shabaks, other minorities that were once vital pieces of Mosul’s human tapestry, have moved on, too. And many Sunni Arabs, who make up most of Mosul’s population, say they will never go home again, even if that is where their parents and grandparents are buried. Before the Islamic State’s occupation began more than two years ago, Mosul was Iraq’s most diverse city. Its rich culture, stretching back to the ancient Assyrians, and reputation for tolerance made it a vital symbol of an Iraq that could at least aspire to being a unified and whole nation. Now, as Mosul’s exiled civilians watch the battle for their city unfold, the only thing they seem to have in common is the belief that they once shared a special history that can never be reclaimed. Some of that belief, but not all, was torn apart after the   invasion of Iraq in 2003, when many Christians felt threatened and fled as Arabs and Kurds fought over old animosities. Mosul, home for many former Baathist army officers suddenly tossed from power after the invasion, became a center of the Sunni insurgency and a stronghold of Al Qaeda in Iraq, the precursor of the Islamic State. “Until 2003, the Mosul community was living in peaceful coexistence, but after that, things changed,” said Jafar Khaleel, 46, who left Mosul in 2014 after the Islamic State onslaught. “The Sunnis don’t trust the Shiites. The Shabak cannot live with the Christian. This is what the American occupation left behind. ” Back then, there was a social compact for Iraq’s minorities that at least promised security in exchange for tolerating the tyranny and lack of personal freedoms under Saddam Hussein’s government, led by an elite class of Iraq’s minority Sunni population. Today, there is widespread nostalgia for that time, though it is not shared by most of Iraq’s Shiite majority, now in power. “For generations, life was normal there,” said Sabah Salim Dawood, 62, a Christian from Mosul. “In the factories, on the farms, in the offices, nobody asked, ‘What are you?’ ” Now there is a sense of unraveling that feels permanent. “A man cannot describe in words what he misses,” said Omar Ahmed, 29, who used to work in Mosul’s Health Ministry and is now exiled in the northern Kurdish region. Walking through a ransacked church recently in Bartella, a mostly Christian town at the edge of Mosul, reveals an elegy to what has been lost. Some walls have been burned others are streaked with Islamic State graffiti. A whiteboard on a wall in an anteroom lists a daily schedule for Islamic State recruits  —   fitness routines, weapons instructions and Shariah law lessons. Strewn on the floor are dusty reminders of those who once prayed there: Christian storybooks, copies of a “quarterly social  cultural journal” published by the Chaldean Church, a Santa Claus figurine, photographs of schoolgirls and a pink plastic rose. An old Iraqi tourist guide from the 1980s celebrated Mosul as a city whose rich history as a place of great Arab conquests important to the region’s   past that made it “a city of great importance. ” Its nickname as the “the city of two springs”  —   because autumn and spring weather are so similar  —   was a testament to the city’s livability. “Since 1969, a Spring Festival has been held every year in Mosul,” the tourist guide noted. “Flower processions and folk dancing by thousands of people from every walk of life bring much gaiety to the place. ” Moslawis, as they are known, have their own dialect, and jokes, many based on their reputation for being stingy, which goes back to a famine in 1917, when they suffered as the Ottoman Empire took food from the city to feed its starving army. The rest of Iraq is known for its generosity, but a common joke goes that the only time a Moslawi will invite someone in for lunch is during Ramadan, when everyone is fasting. Even so, the city is also known for its food, especially Mosul’s kibbe, flat bulgur wheat discs stuffed with ground meat that are famous all over Iraq. There is the abundance of cultural heritage, the remnants of empires: ancient churches, monasteries, tombs, shrines and an antiquities museum that is important not just to Mosul but the broader Middle East. Nearly all have been destroyed or defaced by the Islamic State. Putting the city back together socially is “going to take a very, very long time,” said Rasha   a Sunni Arab from Mosul who now lives in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, where she is a research fellow at the   Studies and Research Center and writes about her home city. “I think everyone is going to live on their own. The Yazidis are going to live on their own. Christians are going to live on their own. The Sunnis are going to live on their own. ” As a child, she recalls, her classroom had seven Christians, seven or eight Kurds, two or three Yazidis, one or two Shiites, and the rest Sunni Arabs. There were four or five languages spoken, she said, plus three religions and two sects of Islam. “That diversity you didn’t find anywhere else,” she said. Walking to school, she would pass by a winged bull statue from Assyrian times, at the old city walls, that has been demolished by the Islamic State. “I really regret now that I took them for granted,” she said. Perhaps most painful is seeing former friends turn into enemies. Muhammad Sayed, 26, is Shiite, so for him there was only this choice when the Islamic State took over Mosul: Leave or be killed. Like many Shiites from the city, he eventually moved to Najaf, a holy city for his sect, where he now bakes bread and sells it on the street. “The Islamic State destroyed my childhood and my memories,” he said. “They turned some of my friends into murdering terrorists, some of the friends that I studied with in primary school and high school, and I have the most beautiful memories with them. But they have joined the terrorists, and for them, I have become an infidel. ” The task of trying to stitch Iraq back together is immensely complicated. But for Iraqis who have been displaced, it all boils down to a single, simple human emotion. “The major problem in Iraq is dealing with fear,” said Falah Mustafa, the Kurdish region’s foreign minister, at a recent panel discussion in Erbil, about Mosul’s future. “It’s immensely painful to be betrayed by your neighbor. ”",0
5317,"Foods Loaded With Sugar, Salt and Fat? Bring It - The New York Times","BAKERSFIELD, Calif.  —   Dark chocolate is in. So, too, is beef jerky. And   ice cream? You bet. Driven by   definitions of what is healthy to eat, people are turning to foods they shunned just a couple of years ago. Studies now suggest that not all fat, for example, necessarily contributes to weight gain or heart problems. That has left companies scrambling to push some foods that they thought had long passed their popularity peak  —   and health advocates wondering what went wrong. Under the new thinking, not all fat is bad, and neither are all salty foods. A stigma among the public remains for sugar substitutes, but less so for cane sugar, at least in moderation. And all of those attributes are weighed against qualities like simplicity and taste. “I think the   equation has changed,” said Steve French, a managing partner at the Natural Marketing Institute, a research firm, said. Edy’s ice cream, known as Dreyer’s west of the Rockies, is a case in point. Edy’s sold 10. 8 percent more of its Edy’s Grand Ice Cream, a   ice cream, in the 52 weeks that ended Feb. 21 compared with the year before, according to IRI, a data and research firm. Other   ice creams also had sales gains. Over the same period, Edy’s sold 4. 8 percent less of its   Ice Cream, made with a process that lowers the fat content. When the product was introduced in 2004, it was promoted as having less fat and fewer calories  —   and sales soared. Now, that sort of marketing is gone. Instead, the company has retooled some of its   products to make them with fewer ingredients and to include cane sugar rather than   corn syrup, which many consumers don’t like. Labels on those ice creams will also tell consumers that they contain no genetically engineered ingredients. The devil, of course, is in the details of those new scientific findings. None of the new studies, for instance, recommend eating as much bacon as you want. “The new definition of modern health is very different from the traditional view, which was to reduce fat, sugar and sodium,” said Robert Kilmer, president of Nestlé Dreyer’s Ice Cream, a division of Nestlé USA. “Healthy now is about what’s in my food and where did it come from. ” Food companies have been working feverishly over the last several years to offer what consumers perceive as improved nutritional content and healthier food. Sales of products made from organic ingredients have risen sharply in recent years, for example. Mars Food, a division of the privately held Mars candy company whose brands include Uncle Ben’s and Dolmio, reduced sodium by over 20 percent in many of its products and recently announced a plan to go even further. And General Mills is eliminating artificial colors and flavors from its cereals  —   no more neon hues in Trix. But consumers are constantly recalculating the pros and cons of the foods they eat  —   leading to some unexpected foods rising in popularity. For example, in 2015, Americans checked the fat content on food labels less often than they did in 2006, according to research from the Natural Marketing Institute. They’re focusing more on the list of ingredients, a product’s environmental impact and animal welfare  —   the famous “Farm” episode in “Portlandia” in which a waitress can tell diners the name of the chicken they’ll be eating remains relevant five years after it was first shown. And don’t forget about taste. A majority of Americans say they value taste more than how healthy a food is. This can be frustrating for food executives, who spent years getting salt, sugar and fat out of a wide variety of products, paying high costs in development and marketing along the way. Michael Sharp, the research scientist at Nestlé who has presided over the reformulation of its   ice creams, noted that all of the ingredients he is working to eliminate today were originally added to the product for good reasons. “The ingredients we’ve subtracted either had some functionality on their own or improved the functionality of other ingredients,” Mr. Sharp said. “Corn syrup adds a lot of body and bulk to a product  —   but the consumer doesn’t want it today. ” Nutrition experts are watching the shift warily. Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a research and advocacy group, noted that companies have gone a long way toward reducing or eliminating saturated fats, which raise cholesterol in the blood and increase the risk of heart disease. The American Heart Association and other health advocacy groups have long recommended limiting consumption of saturated fat. But in recent years, studies have suggested that maybe saturated fat is not as bad as once thought. One analysis of research on saturated fats, which generated some criticism, blurred the link between it and heart disease. Another study concluded that skim milk did not appear to restrict weight gain among young children. That rethinking seems to have encouraged some consumers to return to   foods. Edy’s French Vanilla Grand ice cream, for example, has four grams of saturated fat in every  . A   of the same flavor in its   variety, the recently less popular option, has 1. 5 grams of saturated fat. Similarly, the public appears to have been persuaded by some evidence that eating dark chocolate is good for the heart. Technavio, a market research firm, predicted that sales would increase an average of more than 8 percent a year through 2019. But the federal government also recommends a limit on total fat consumption  —   the combination of bad and good fats. An   bar of Ghirardelli 72% Intense Dark chocolate supplies more than the government’s daily recommendation for saturated fat and more than   of the recommendation for total fat. “There are recommended limits on total fat that I think have sort of gotten lost in the marketing,” Ms. Wootan said. “There’s nothing in science that tells you it’s healthy to eat as much fat as you want, just as long as it’s not saturated fat. ” Another sore point among nutritionists is the rising sales of jerky, once regarded as little more than a sodium delivery mechanism. Now, as consumers clamor for foods high in protein, jerky has become a popular option. One ounce delivers about a quarter of the daily recommended amount of protein and costs roughly $2. 50. Sales of meat snacks like jerky shot up 46. 9 percent from 2011 to 2015, to more than $2. 6 billion, according to Nielsen, a market research firm. “Jerky is manly, jerky is kind of rednecky and jerky can even be kind of offensive if people don’t know what it is,” said Troy Link, chief executive of Link Snacks, a   snack food business. “So we changed things up and began calling it a protein snack, and now jerky is being eaten by   health eaters who haven’t been involved in the category before. ” Link Snacks’ most popular product, Jack Link’s Teriyaki Beef Jerky, delivers 12 grams of protein and just 80 calories in a   serving  —   and   the daily recommended amount of sodium. Mr. Link said the company had worked to reduce the sodium in its products, along with getting rid of monosodium glutamate and nitrites. “For the most part, sodium has become good again, and I think certain fats have become good again, too,” he said. “At the end of the day,” he said, “people want something that tastes good. ”",0
5318,The Nuclear Option - Reality Check: GOP’s Bill Is Still Government-Run Health Care - Breitbart,"Congratulations, House Republicans. You just passed the   socialized medicine bill in American history. [And, if it passes the U. S. Senate, you will own the disaster formerly known as Obamacare  —   just in time for the 2018 elections.  It will be called “Trumpcare” or “Ryancare” or GOPcare. ” And it will still be   health care brought to you by the experts at the U. S. Postal Service and Veterans Affairs Department. To be sure, there are some great aspects of this bill. It makes Obamacare less terrible. It includes Medicare reforms that will save innocent taxpayers and our grandchildren many billions of dollars over future years. That one part of GOPcare is the first decent thing Congress will have accomplished in the past decade (other than confirming Justice Neil M. Gorsuch). But will it be worth it? After all, Republicans have just finally conceded the entire argument against socialized medicine in America. They have officially retreated from the belief that liberty,   and free markets are ultimately the best way to provide the most people with the best health care. By supporting   health care  —   even if it is a little less   than Obamacare  —   Republicans have, in fact, endorsed   health care. Remember those evil death panels we used to all be opposed to? Well, now you are the death panels. What about politically? Will it be worth the carnage at the polls? With this, Republicans give up all claims to campaign against Democrats for foisting disastrous Obamacare on the American people. As usual these days, it was President Trump who had the sharpest and most farsighted political instincts on the whole matter when he said Republicans would be better off just letting Obamacare collapse of its own weight. Then Republicans could win two more elections by blaming Democrats for all the misery they had caused. But Mr. Trump said it would be wrong to punish voters for the decisions of their terrible politicians. That is true statesmanship. Watching Republicans in Congress jump on this political grenade reminds me of another time Republicans dutifully lined up for a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011. Rep. Paul Gosar, Arizona Republican, described the bill as a “crap sandwich. ” Believe it or not, Mr. Gosar described the bill as a “crap sandwich”  —   by way of explaining why he voted IN FAVOR of the bill. “You definitely do not want to bite into it, you cannot stand the taste, but you know you have to eat it,” he said in an actual press release issued by his office explaining  —   again  —   why he voted FOR the bill. See, this is the whole problem with Washington. It is the only place in America where someone finds a “crap sandwich” and they feel compelled to vote for it. Then they decide they have to eat it. Out in actual America, nobody has ever seen a “crap sandwich” because since there is no market for them  —   nobody is making them. And if ever a “crap sandwich” escaped Washington and wound up in normal America, nobody would pick it up, vote for it or dream of eating it. Look, I am not a politician and have lived my entire life with the single goal of rendering myself unelectable to any public office. But I have to tell you, I would never vote for a “crap sandwich. ” But the more I look around this place, I start to wonder if we haven’t all been voting for a bunch of “crap sandwiches” for a very long time. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
5319,INTERNAL COUP AGAINST HILLARY? | Jason Burack,"Home » SD Podcast » INTERNAL COUP AGAINST HILLARY? | Jason Burack 
Jason Burack from WallStForMainSt.com joins Silver Doctors to discuss the bombshells from the FBI and Wikileaks that are killing Clinton’s campaign . 
Burack says FBI director James Comey should have indicted Hillary Clinton in July. By reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server, Comey is trying to save himself, Burack says. 
Latest Wikileaks is revealing corruption also in the media. Hacked emails show former CNN contributor and DNC chair Donna Brazile gave questions to Clinton before some primary debates. 
But this leak about Brazile is insignificant compared to other revelations from Wikileaks, Burack says. He says the big news from Wikileaks really is the emails showing Clinton’s willingness to do anything for money. 
Even more damaging leaks may still be on the horizon , Burack says. There are rumors the Clinton’s 33,000 deleted emails will be released before the election. 
Finally, stay tuned to find out whether there is an internal coup against Clinton! This entry was posted in Finance News , SD Podcast and tagged Clinton , collapse , Crisis , Crooked Hillary , Donald Trump , Elijah Johnson , Email Scandal , FBI James Comey , FBI reopens Hillary emails , Federal Reserve , financial collapse , Gold , Hillary Clinton , hyperinflation , inflation , silver doctors , Trump , Trump collapse economy . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
5320,Knife Review: Kellam Hawk Is Traditional Puukko Design with Modern Materials | Survival,"(Before It's News)
by Leon Pantenburg
I bought this knife to review. At the time of publication, Kellem Knives had no sponsorship relationship with Survivalcommonsense.com. I’m a sucker for old time knife designs, especially when they are re-created with modern materials. IMO, this makes for a time-tested, utility design that will do the job.
I particularly like the Scandinavian Puukko design, so that’s why I got a Kellam Hawk.
The Kellam Hawk
The puukko is a Finnish knife, and the name lends itself to the Finnish word “puukotta,” which means “to stab/knife.” The prefix, “puu” means “wood” in Finnish. The design of the puukko is attributed to the indigenous Sami people, who created several knives to use for day to day tasks; the puukko was the smaller option, used to skin fish or animals.
“Although historical records vary, the puukko dates back about 1000 years. Both men and women carried (and carry) puukkos, although the sizes change depending on the person, as the puukko handle is meant to fit the hand size of the user. (From: EDC History: Pukko – A simple knife with a rich history.)
The old design is getting some attention from modern knifemakers. I recently reviewed the Battle Horse Knives Feather Stick, another knife with the Puukko design, and it worked out really well.
Here’s the Hawk’s specs:
Product Details:
Blade: 3″ Carbon Steel Handle: 4.5″ Stained Curly Birch Full Tang construction Dangler-style leather sheath Total Length : 7.5″ Grind: Convex is my all-time, go-to favorite grind , but scandi is a close second or third. For a beginner, it is the easiest to learn to sharpen on. The bevel is sharpening guide – all you do is lay it flat on a whetstone and hone away.
The scandi is also a great woodworking grind, and a practical choice for someone looking for a bushcraft knife.
The Hawk handle fits my large hands very well.
Handle: I have big hands – size large gloves – and many otherwise excellent knives don’t work for me because the handle is too short. I don’t like two or three finger grips. IMO, they don’t give a secure grip for hard work, and I’m concerned they might twist in my hand.
The 4.5-inch handle fits my hand really, really well. It is made of dyed curly birch, a common wood in Russia and Scandinavia, with nice figure. The wood makes a handle that doesn’t transfer heat or cold. This is a consideration for a knife that will be used in Finland’s frigid winter.
The diameter is large, which gives me a good, solid grip. When wet or slimy from cleaning fish, or bloody from butchering, the handle seems to get “grippier.”
A comfortable, safe handle is a really important aspect of a user knife. Pretty doesn’t cut it (pun intended) when there are lengthy cutting tasks to be done.
Steel: The high carbon steel holds a wicked edge. I don’t know exactly what it is, but the Hawk’s steel held up nicely to normal cutting and bushcraft tasks.
Traditionally, Blade materials can vary from the three-layer approach, which combines strong and flexible steels, to composite designs. Most are made with Finnish steel, Ovako 100Cr6, which is equivalent to U.S 52100 bearing steel, according to Nordic knife blog Nordiska Kniva r.
Spine: I would like the spine to be ground at a 90-degree angle, like an ice skate, so it could be used for processing tinder or scraping a ferro rod. It isn’t. But a few passes on a grinder could fix that.
Sheath: The dangler-style, form-fitted leather sheath holds the knife securely. Almost too securely. It requires a slight twist to loosen the Hawk. It’s a consideration – the knife won’t fall out, but it’s a two-hand job to remove it. This might be a deal-breaker for some users.
I find this annoying, but you can get used to the tight sheath.
Full tang construction with a brass bolster. I prefer a full tang on any rigid blade knife, even though I’ve never needed that extra strength. In fact, one of my favorite user knives, the Mora 840 Companion , has a plastic handle and a three-quarter tang.
For the strongest knife available, though, get a full tang.
Hand made in Finland.
The Hawk is a user knife, able to handle a variety of tasks.
In actual use , the Hawk lives up to the user reputation of the Puukko knives. It went along on Fremont District’s Webelos Woods, a Boy Scout outing, recently. It was used to whittle sticks and do the assorted tasks associated with camping.
On the way home, on an isolated section of highway, I saw a fast-moving car hit a deer up ahead of me. The front end of the vehicle was demolished, and the hood popped. The air bag deployed and the radiator was steaming.
After checking out the driver and passenger for injuries, (they were shaken, but fine) the driver and I followed the injured buck. It had dragged itself across the road and was severely injured.
It was still alive, with two broken legs, probable internal injuries and it was in agonizing pain. We called 911. Rather than wait a possible half-hour for the Oregon State Police to arrive, we ended the deer’s suffering with the only tool available – the Kellam Hawk.
The knife worked quickly and humanely for the sad, but necessary task.
That’s the mark of a good knife. It gets the job done.
Do you need a Hawk?
Everybody needs a good knife . The Hawk is based on a proven design, with quality materials. The Hawk has proven to be a very useful tool, and one that can be used in a variety of situations, from slicing a bagel at work, to hunting and fishing.
The knife retails for $74.95, and that’s a steal for a handmade knife. If you’re looking for a good-looking user, that you can work hard and pass down to your grandchildren, the Hawk is a really good choice.
Please click here to check out and subscribe to the SurvivalCommonSense.com YouTube channel, and here to subscribe to our weekly email update – thanks!",0
5321,MERKEL ASCENDANT: Mutti Set to Steal Socialist Seats in ’Key’ State Election - Breitbart,"BERLIN (AP)  —   Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives won a state election Sunday in their   rivals’ traditional heartland, a stinging blow to the German leader’s challenger in September’s national election. [The western state of North   which includes Cologne, Duesseldorf and the Ruhr industrial region, is Germany’s most populous and has been led by the   Social Democrats for all but five years since 1966.  It is home to 17. 9 million people, nearly a quarter of Germany’s population. It is also the home state of Martin Schulz, the Social Democratic challenger seeking to deny Merkel a fourth term in the Sept. 24 national election —   though he wasn’t on the ballot Sunday. #BREAKING  —   Merkel’s CDU leads big after initial exit polls in a critical regional election#nrwltw17 #Germany #NRW pic. twitter.   —   dwnews (@dwnews) May 14, 2017,  Projections for ARD and ZDF public television, based on partial counting, showed Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union beating the Social Democrats by about 34 percent to a bit over 30. 5 percent. They gave the Greens, the junior coalition partners in the outgoing state government, only 6 percent. That means governor Hannelore Kraft’s coalition with the Greens lost its majority in the state legislature. And it puts conservative challenger Armin Laschet, a   deputy leader of Merkel’s party, in a position to replace her. Herzlichen Glückwunsch @ArminLaschet  @CDUNRW_de! Der SPD ist die Kraft ausgegangen. Tolle Stimmung in @ ! @BerlinGestalter   pic. twitter.   —   CDU Berlin (@cduberlin) May 14, 2017,  “The CDU has won the heartland of the Social Democrats,” said the conservatives’ general secretary, Peter Tauber, calling it a “great day” for the party. “This is a difficult day for the Social Democrats, a difficult day for me personally as well,” Schulz told reporters in Berlin. “I come from the state in which we took a really stinging defeat today. ” #SPD’s Schulz says his party suffered a crushing defeat (in state election in SPD’s homeland NRW). pic. twitter.   —   Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) May 14, 2017,  But he urged the party to concentrate now on the national election. He said that “we will sharpen our profile further  —   we have to as well. ” “We will continue fighting the result will come on Sept. 24,” Schulz said. The Social Democrats’ national ratings soared after Schulz, a former European Parliament president, was nominated in January as Merkel’s challenger. But defeats in two other state elections since then had already punctured the party’s euphoria over Schulz’s nomination, and its ratings have sagged. Sunday’s election was the last before the national vote. So sehen Sieger aus! @bodoloettgen @ArminLaschet #nrwgehtvor #ltwnrw17 #ltwnrw pic. twitter.   —     (@CDUNRW_de) May 14, 2017,  Kraft announced that she was stepping down as the Social Democrats’ regional leader. The projected result is the party’s worst in North   since World War II. The projections put support for the   Free Democrats, who are eyeing a return to the national parliament at September, at a strong 12 percent. The party  —   whose national leader, Christian Lindner, led its election effort in North    —   has tended to ally with Merkel’s conservatives over recent decades. The nationalist Alternative for Germany was seen winning 7. 5 percent, giving it seats in its 13th state legislature, and the opposition Left Party around 5 percent. A likely outcome appeared to be a “grand coalition” of the biggest parties under Laschet, though it was also possible that a slim   majority for the CDU and Free Democrats would emerge. A “grand coalition” would mirror Merkel’s national government, in which the Social Democrats are the junior partners. After a blaze of publicity earlier this year, Schulz  —   who chose not to join the government when he returned to Germany after being president of the European Parliament  —   has struggled to maintain a high profile. In the North   campaign, Merkel’s conservatives sought to portray Kraft’s government as slack on security, and also assailed what they said is regional authorities’ poor handling of education and infrastructure projects. Health Minister Hermann Groehe, a conservative, said his party had “tailwind” from the national level, but Sunday’s vote was “a decision about state politics. ” “There was no tailwind from Mr. Schulz that could have balanced that out,” he said. Merkel’s party seemed keen not to appear too euphoric. Asked about Germany’s government after September her chief of staff, Peter Altmaier, said that “we always have to keep a cool head   …     we shouldn’t talk about coalitions before the harvest is in. ” National polls show the Social Democrats trailing Merkel’s conservatives by up to 10 points after drawing level earlier this year.",0
5322,Silver and Gold – We Can’t Understand It for Them,"by Dr. Jeffrey Lewis, Silver Seek : 
The Illusion of Explanatory Depth 
For years I have calmly, patiently, and for the most part rationally, listened to friends, family, patients, and colleagues grapple with the notion of precious metals. 
The majority understand the basic reasons why some portion of portfolio allocation is necessary or prudent, but very few have (or will) taken action. 
Often, people are shocked that I would be interested in the matter to begin with. I think subconsciously people understand to be a “Doctor” is to be a teacher, but on the surface most people find it odd and uncomfortable to accept my interest and quest in something that rarely occurs to them. 
Occasionally, there will be debate. I don’t necessarily look for them. Experience with humans of all ages and from all walks of life has afforded me a healthy dose of humility. But I’m happy and proud to go as far as anyone would like about money, finance and especially silver. 
No matter how tempting it is, no matter how strong the need is to be right and to feel vindicated, it is normally fruitless. I don’t know where I first heard it, but one of my favorite expressions has become: 
“I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.” 
Understanding requires a shift. One that, I feel myself almost cringing to admit, involves emotional intelligence. This goes against all rational logic. 
Most people are polite. And I’ll admit to a tendency for avoiding conflict — especially given the context in which many of these (potential) debates typically arise. 
I came across the following article by accident some time back . It immediately resonated with my own experience in wrestling with my own beliefs, but also the beliefs, world views, and opinions of people I care about. 
And collectively speaking, the opinions and views of anyone with a pulse who cares about financial safety, justice, and wealth. 
You are, I’m afraid to say, mistaken. The position you are taking makes no logical sense. Just listen up and I’ll be more than happy to elaborate on the many, many reasons why I’m right and you are wrong. Are you feeling ready to be convinced? 
Whether the subject is climate engineering, the Middle East or forthcoming holiday plans, this is the approach many of us adopt when we try to convince others to change their minds. It’s also an approach that, more often than not, leads to the person on the receiving end hardening their existing position. 
(Ed. For the subject of money and wealth, at the root lies the fear of loss – more powerful than the want of profit. People will do anything, and convince themselves of practically anything, to avoid loss.) 
Fortunately, research suggests there is a better way – one that involves more listening and less trying to bludgeon your opponent into submission. 
A little over a decade ago Leonid Rozenblit and Frank Keil from Yale University suggested that in many instances people believe they understand how something works when in fact their understanding is superficial at best. 
They called this phenomenon “the illusion of explanatory depth”. 
They began by asking their study participants to rate how well they understood how things like flushing toilets, car speedometers and sewing machines worked before asking them to explain what they understood and then answer questions on it. 
The effect they revealed was that, on average, people in the experiment rated their understanding as much worse after it had been put to the test. 
What happens, argued the researchers, is that we mistake our familiarity with these things for the belief that we have a detailed understanding of how they work. 
(I’m sure you’ve experienced this with the topic of money and currency. We use the terms interchangeably, though they are very different in reality. I’ll never forget the transformation I witnessed in a “Bitcoin aficionado” – arriving from the technological side of things – coming to grips with the store of wealth versus currency.) 
Usually, nobody tests us and if we have any questions about them we can just take a look. Psychologists call this idea that humans have a tendency to take mental shortcuts when making decisions or assessments the “cognitive miser” theory. 
Why would we bother expending the effort to really understand things when we can get by without doing so? The interesting thing is that we manage to hide from ourselves exactly how shallow our understanding is. 
It’s a phenomenon that will be familiar to anyone who has ever had to teach something. Usually, it only takes the first moments when you start to rehearse what you’ll say to explain a topic (or worse, the first student question) for you to realize that you don’t truly understand it. 
All over the world, teachers say to each other “I didn’t really understand this until I had to teach it.” Or as researcher and inventor Mark Changizi quipped: “I find that no matter how badly I teach I still learn something.” 
Explain Yourself 
Research published last year on this illusion of understanding shows how the effect might be used to convince others they are wrong. 
The research team, led by Philip Fernbach of the University of Colorado, reasoned that the phenomenon might hold as much for political understanding as for things like how toilets work. 
Perhaps, they figured, people who have strong political opinions would be more open to other viewpoints, if asked to explain exactly how they thought the policy they were advocating would bring about the effects they claimed it would. 
Recruiting a sample of Americans via the internet, they polled participants on a set of contentious U.S. policy issues, such as imposing sanctions on Iran, healthcare and approaches to carbon emissions. 
One group was asked to give their opinion and then provide reasons for why they held that view. This group got the opportunity to put their side of the issue, in the same way anyone in an argument or debate has a chance to argue their case. 
Those in the second group did something subtly different. Rather than provide reasons, they were asked to explain how the policy they were advocating would work. They were asked to trace, step by step, from start to finish, the causal path from the policy to the effects it was supposed to have. 
The results were clear. People who provided reasons remained as convinced of their positions as they had been before the experiment. Those who were asked to provide explanations softened their views, and reported a correspondingly larger drop in how they rated their understanding of the issues.",0
5323,Rick Santorum: Obama Was a Vindictive Bully - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former Sen. Rick Santorum said, “President Obama was probably one of the most vindictive presidents that we’ve ever dealt with,” adding, “This president has been a bully. ”  Partial transcript as follows: TAPPER: That was   Donald Trump talking about Russian President Putin and his hopes for a better relationship with him and with Russia. Others on Capitol Hill are worried about just how much Putin likes Trump and what that might have meant during the election. The panel is back with me and Senator Santorum, I rudely cut you off. I want you to respond. Mayor Morial was talking about how well President Obama took the slings and arrows when he was president  —   you take issue. SANTORUM: Yes. I take big issue because President Obama was probably one of the most vindictive presidents that we’ve ever dealt with in going after individual members of Congress and anybody who disagreed with him, and that was one of his hallmarks. One of the things that made it him hard for him  —   I’ll be honest  —   hard for him to get things done was going after Paul Ryan while Paul Ryan is sitting right in front of him and trying to embarrass him. TAPPER: On Medicare. SATORUM: Yes, on Medicare and going after the Supreme Court during the State of the Union address where the Supreme Court  —   trying to bully the Supreme Court. This president has been a bully. This president has been tough. He’s done it in a cool way, I’ll give you that. The guy has style, but it’s not because he’s been  —   he’s been light handed or he’s been soft touch. He’s been a very tough touch. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5324,"A SMOKING GUN?! WikiLeaks, Podesta to Mills: ‘We are going to have to dump all of those emails’","0 comments 
Wait a second, didn’t Cheryl Mills ask for immunity ?In a batch of hacked emails that Wikileaks released this Tuesday morning, one of the notable highlights is a March 2, 2015 exchange between John Podesta and Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which the Clinton Campaign Chair says “On another matter….and not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails.” Podesta To Mills: ""We Are Going To Have To Dump All Those Emails"" https://t.co/ZpWdIJ1zFF pic.twitter.com/pbBKAkn0JU 
— zerohedge (@zerohedge) November 1, 2016 
Then we have another terrifying conversation that gave some more insight into what Hillary Clinton‘s campaign advisers think about her private email server, as well as who they think may have allowed it in the first place. 
In an email thread from July 2015 between Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and her adviser Neera Tanden, Tanden asked, “Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered?” 
Yikes, better sooner than later? Which emails? And then why would Podesta think they need to dump all of those emails if there isn’t anything important in them? They mus have just about yoga, right? Hah. 
Intent? Hey, I’ve got an idea! let’s blame the Russians! 
Pass the popcorn please… 
It is also not clear which emails Podesta is referring to in the thread, but Podesta adds: “better to do so sooner than later.” Let’s hope that a subsequent response, yet to be leaked by Wikileaks, will provide more color. Related Items",0
5325,Nation’s Optimists Need To Shut The Fuck Up Right Now - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation’s Optimists Need To Shut The Fuck Up Right Now Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Politics · Politicians · Election 2016 
WASHINGTON—Saying their rosy attitude about the state of the election was not helping anything given what is currently transpiring, sources confirmed Tuesday night that the nation’s optimists need to seriously shut the fuck up as soon as humanly fucking possible. “Sure, things may look bad right now, but even if the worst happens, it’s only four years we’re talking about here,” said Santa Fe, NM resident Pete Mirenge, one of hundreds of thousands of positive thinkers across the nation who would do everyone a huge goddamn favor by closing their fucking traps right this fucking second and keeping them sealed for the foreseeable future. “This is exactly why we have a system of checks and balances—to ensure that whatever happens in the election, the executive branch never gets too much power. Think about it: Has any president been able to carry out their platform to the letter? No. Nothing’s ever as bad as it seems, believe me.” According to sources, a calm and composed Mirenge—who reportedly has about five seconds before his mouth is shut for him—then added that the country’s been through much worse and everything turned out okay. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines",0
5326,Claims of Saudi Role in 9/11 Appear Headed for Manhattan Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Saudi Arabia paid millions of dollars to Washington lobbyists to keep it out of court. They have been unsuccessful. And now it is up to the kingdom’s lawyers to limit the damage. With families of Sept. 11 victims now able to pursue legal claims against the Saudis, the fight over responsibility for the terrorist attacks 15 years ago is likely to shift to a courtroom in Lower Manhattan, not far from where the World Trade Center once stood. The legal battle could last for years, and would be waged using thousands of pages of documents, deposition transcripts and official government investigations. It could end in millions  —   or billions  —   of dollars’ worth of Saudi assets being seized in a court settlement, or a judgment that largely vindicates the Saudi government, which for years has insisted it had no role in the deadly plot. Lawyers for both sides were shaping a legal strategy on Thursday, the day after Congress overrode a veto of a law allowing the   suits to go forward. For more than a decade, they have been blunted by a sovereign immunity law protecting foreign governments from American lawsuits. Now, lawyers say they expect that a federal judge will once again take up the cases originally filed in courtrooms across America, but that several years ago were consolidated into one suit in the Southern District of New York. In recent months, the Saudi government used a constellation of Washington lobbying and public relations firms to try to thwart the Sept. 11 bill as it made its way through Congress, a clear sign of the angst in Riyadh over the legislation’s   implications. But despite the congressional drama, the angry barbs from Mr. Obama and warnings from Saudi officials that they may need to sell off hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of assets to avoid their being seized in a court settlement, some legal experts said that the    plaintiffs face a headwind in trying to prove Saudi involvement. “Although there is loose talk of 10 billion dollars’ worth of judgments against Saudi Arabia, in fact the deck remains stacked against the plaintiffs,” said Raj Bhala, a professor of international and comparative law at the University of Kansas Law School. The most significant hurdle facing the roughly 9, 000 plaintiffs, a combination of family members of people killed in the Sept. 11 attacks and people injured on that day, is to persuade a court there is solid evidence of a direct Saudi government role in the attacks. The American government  —   from the F. B. I. to the   Commission to a separate congressional inquiry  —   has spent years and millions of dollars investigating the attacks and thus far has not found proof that Saudi officials were complicit in the plot. The   Commission found “no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded” Al Qaeda. But the commission’s phrasing left some to speculate that there might be evidence of involvement by other,   officials. Some investigators have long believed that the various inquiries never unearthed the truth about several individuals connected to the Saudi government at the time of the attack, in particular a Saudi consular official in Los Angeles named Fahad  . Mr. Thumairy, who had been the imam at the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City, Calif. had contact with two of the hijackers  —   Nawaf   and Khalid    —   in the months before the attacks. An F. B. I. document in 2012 concluded that he had assigned someone to take care of the two men during their time in the Los Angeles area. Another Saudi who was on the kingdom’s payroll at the time, Omar   later helped the two men settle in San Diego. Both Mr. Thumairy and Mr. Bayoumi vigorously denied to American investigators that they had knowingly assisted in the terrorist plot. But the exact roles of the two men, and potentially the roles of other Saudi officials, could be closely scrutinized in the months and years ahead. Sean Carter, one of the lead lawyers for the plaintiffs in the case in the Southern District, said that his team’s   complaint alleging a Saudi government role in the attacks was buttressed by 4, 500 pages of supporting evidence. The new law, Mr. Carter said, could open the way for new discovery in the case and even to depositions of Mr. Thumairy and other Saudi citizens. But Eric Lewis, a lawyer for two Saudi charities that have been defendants in the continuing Sept. 11 litigation, said that lawyers for the plaintiffs would not be able to use the discovery process as a fishing expedition to depose any Saudi citizen they thought could be tangentially connected to the case. They would have to convince the judge, he said, that the Saudi government was still directly responsible for Mr. Thumairy or anyone else the plaintiffs would like to depose. Mr. Lewis said that “there is no there there” on the allegations of any Saudi government role in the attacks, given the kingdom’s long history of being at war with Al Qaeda. “The notion that senior Saudi officials or the Saudi government had an interest in supporting Sept. 11 and the attack on the World Trade Center is patently absurd,” he said. Obama administration officials have warned for months that the Sept. 11 bill sets a dangerous precedent and could lead other nations to retaliate, possibly exposing the United States to private lawsuits in foreign courts because of American intelligence or military operations overseas. On Thursday, several members of Congress who voted for the law acknowledged that it might need to be amended. Officials and analysts across the Persian Gulf responded angrily on Thursday to the bill’s passage, and said it had led their countries to begin rethinking their alliance with the United States. Some suggested that Saudi Arabia and its regional allies had ways of striking back at what they saw as a betrayal by the United States, by lessening their investments in the United States or dialing back their engagement in joint military and security programs. Others said that the bill would make Saudi investors less comfortable putting their money in the United States. Saudi Arabia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement saying that “the erosion of sovereign immunity will have a negative impact on all nations, including the United States” and raised the prospect that Congress might take new action during the   session in November that might blunt the effect of the bill. “It is our hope that wisdom will prevail and the Congress will take the necessary steps to correct this legislation in order to avoid the serious unintended consequences that may ensue,” it said. Some opponents of the new law, both in the United States and overseas, said they hoped that the Obama administration would eventually make use of the legislation’s provisions allowing the attorney general to intervene directly in the civil court proceedings  —   effectively to delay proceedings if the government could convince a judge that the United States and Saudi Arabia are in discussions to settle the cases outside of court. Starting any discussions  —   even as a delay tactic  —   would take some convincing for Saudi officials. The kingdom, said Mr. Bhala, the law professor at the University of Kansas, “has said that going down the road of settlement negotiations would be tantamount to an admission of guilt. ” But, Mr. Bhala added, “They could see things differently now. ”",0
5327,Byron York: Donald Trump’s First Hundred Days an ’Executive Success’ - Breitbart,"The Washington Examiner’s Byron York evaluates President Donald Trump’s accomplishments and failures in his first three months in office, walking through the promises made in Trump’s “Contract with the American Voter. ”[From the Washington Examiner:  On the executive action front, Trump has kept a significant number of his promises:   …     The bottom line is that Trump has been a 100 day success when it comes to exercising the executive powers of the presidency. He has done a great deal of what he said he would do, and promises to do more. (The White House is planning a new set of executive orders this week to beat the 100 day deadline.)   …     But it is precisely in the legislative area that the 100 day mark is such an unrealistic measure. Congress acts on its own schedule. Truth be told, next January, on the occasion of Trump’s first year in office, if he has passed either a   Obamacare repeal and replace measure or a major tax reform measure, that would be a reasonably good legislative record for a first year. This is not the New Deal or the Great Society, when there are huge   majorities in Congress and giant bills coming one after another. In today’s atmosphere and party alignments, Trump will do well to get one big thing passed. So on the 100 days, call the president an executive success. Click here for the rest of the article.",0
5328,"Congressmen Turned Radio Host, Joe Walsh, Recklessly Talks Muskets If Trump Loses","link This guy didn't even win re-election but he think's he's got a mandate of some sort to take up arms if the candidate he supports doesn't win in November? Link to Tweet : Wreckless, self-serving, self-aggrandizing, illiberal, undemocratic, moronic and contrary to the very rule of law his candidate purports to stand for when he's not ginning up cancerous fantasies among the froathy-mouthed sheep who fancy themselves as revolutionaries akin to the American colonists (muskets? lol. Okay Alex Jones). No Joe. You're just an asshole blathering about civil war if your pick of leader doesn't win the day. There's nothing laudable about that. Unbelievable how carelessly people like Walsh are yapping about something that could result in millions of dead people and the end to America as we know it. Make Trump President Or Else? "" edit on 2016-10-26 by theantediluvian because: (no reason given)",0
5329,"The Strange, Disturbed History Of The GOP’s Token ‘Blacks For Trump’ Man (VIDEO)","Subscribe 
See that wedge of people cheering behind the podium at political rallies? The ones who just so happen to sit nicely within the camera frame? They are always something of a fantasy construct. If a candidate has a problem with women voters, then the podium behind will be packed tightly with women. If some number cruncher decides that Black men would rather vote for someone else, then they too get press-ganged into the formation of a human canvas. A little bit of demographic sleight of hand if you will. 
It’s no big deal. They all do it. It’s a talking point, a visual cue for the doubters and a psychological nudge for the undecided. Any Color You Want So Long As It’s White 
Of course, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has a problem with pretty much every non-white male demographic you can think of. And when it comes to Black voters, his poll numbers are so low that misrepresenting his demographic base is all but impossible. No matter how large your crowd is, a statistical zero still leaves you with a chronic shortage of Black people. And that means they cannot be used as props that detract from the massively racist campaign he’s been running. Which must make him sad. 
Time for plan B. 
And no, that’s not a racially insensitive name or a typo. That’s his name, or at least, that’s the one he is using right now. The Cultist Formerly Known As… 
You might have seen Michael before. Back in 2012, during the Republican primary race, Rick Santorum asked him to front his campaign rally. Attendants were treated to an excruciatingly awful jazz set , followed by rabid claims that Democrats are all closet Nazis. He told the crowd : “The Democrats, they’re the worst thing that ever happened to the Black man. They’re the slave masters.” 
So, right off the bat, we know we’re dealing with someone who has some legitimate political arguments to make. That’s good to know. 
The “Blacks for Trump” placards that wafted in the torrid zephyr sliding past Trump’s rally in Sanford, Florida last Tuesday were hard to miss. The inane grin of a middle-aged white woman, holding one of the signs at arm’s length as if afraid the word ‘black’ might come and get her, was particularly memorable. 
The man stood next to her, wearing a T-shirt that read “Republicans Aren’t Racist” was less conspicuous but keen-eyed observers recognized his familiar brand of crazy from past GOP events. It was none other than our man Michael. 
You know, the Black Man. Trump’s Cult Following 
He wasn’t born with that name of course. Previous names include Maurice Woodside and Michael Symonette while his website lists it as Michel Nicholson. Go figure. 
As a former high-ranking member of the Nation of Yahweh — a violent black supremacist organization — he has good reason to keep his true name secret. The cult disintegrated in the 1980s shortly after its leader, Yahweh ben Yahweh , was arrested on conspiracy charges relating to 14 murders committed in Miami. Yahweh was convicted and eventually served 11 years of an 18-year sentence before his death in 2007. 
Michael has had his share of legal problems too. 
Implicated, but never convicted of two separate murders, he has since been charged with — though again, never convicted — of four separate felonies since the cult crashed and burned. 
And according to the New Miami Times , Michael still cuts something of a radical figure. They describes him as being : “An anti-gay, anti-liberal preacher with a golden instinct for getting on TV at GOP events.” 
And just like that, all of a sudden, his support for Trump begins to make a lot of sense. 
Watch Michael’s enthusiasm for fellow nut-job Donald J. Trump: 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video 
About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect",0
5330,Steyn: Expect More Beating-Type Incidents as Long as the Left Is Invested in Identity Politics - Breitbart,"Friday while filling in as a guest host on “The Rush Limbaugh Show,” conservative commentator Mark Steyn offered his thoughts on the Chicago beating incident early this week that led to four individuals being charged with hate crime in addition to other charges.  Steyn blamed the motivation for the incident on identity politics, which he argued has a “dehumanizing” effect and as long as identity politics remains part of the left’s playbook, more of those types of incidents would occur in the future. “I think we’re going to get a lot more of this stuff in the future because it is the logic of identity politics,” Steyn said. “It is where identity politics leads. It is about ultimately the dehumanization that attends identity politics. ” “The minute you have identity groups  —   the minute you have identity politics that what matters is whether people are black, or white, or gay, or straight, or transgendered, or cisgenerded, or Muslim, or infidel  —   then you do not see the humanity in your fellow man,” he continued. “All you see is the disfavored group and eventually you end with what happened in this situation. ” “There will be more of this in the future as long as the left is invested in identity politics as the organizing principle of society,” he added. “Identity politics is a polite word. The actual term for what it is is a return to tribalism where don’t see people as individuals equal before the law,   citizens, the   of others. What matters more and more is what group you belong to. This crime is ultimately where identity politics leads. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
5331,Margaret Flowers’ Retrospective on Running as a Green for the U.S. Senate,"2016 elections by BAR editor and columnist Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
The major parties are more concerned with preserving their duopoly than with defeating each other. So-called “progressives” help preserve duopoly rule, failing “to understand that as long as they are complicit with the Democrats, they have no power.” Most people are actually more Green than Democratic in their views, but “have a hard time comprehending that there are more than two parties,” according to Green candidate Dr. Flowers. Margaret Flowers’ Retrospective on Running as a Green for the U.S. Senate by BAR editor and columnist Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
“ The message of the Green Party resonates with people because we talk about real issues that they experience in their lives and solutions that they want to see.” 
The Democratic and Republican parties’ attempt to monopolize the presidential media cycle was challenged by candidates like Dr. Margaret Flowers, who ran for the US Senate on the Green Party ticket in Maryland. She used the electoral platform to speak directly to working class communities. Dr Flowers was profiled in a recent BAR article regarding the decision of the Maryland League of Women Voters to deny her the right to participate in the only televised senatorial debate. Undaunted, Dr. Flowers took to the stage and demanded to be recognized as an equal participate in the electoral process. She was escorted off stage by security forces under protest with audience members shouting: “Let her speak!” 
Margaret is a Maryland pediatrician and mother of three. In 2007, she made the decision to stop practicing clinical medicine, which she viewed as antithetical to the welfare of working class and front line communities. Instead, she decided to “practice political medicine.” The class dynamics of health care is evident to her. “The wealth divide is one of our biggest health care problems” and is the cause of “the greatest disparity” in health outcomes. In 2009, she joined Physicians for a National Health Program, becoming a Congressional Fellow and opening a chapter in Maryland. She was arrested at a Senate Roundtable on Health Insurance for speaking on behalf of the single payer option. Margaret said in an interview: “our first goal was to have a seat at the table….If we couldn’t get a seat, at least we could expose the insincerity of the current attempt at healthcare reform and show that single payer was actively being excluded.” 
Margaret views the struggle for health care as “part of a broader social, racial, economic and environmental justice movement.” She has organized campaigns to fight for state and federal single payer health care systems. In addition, Margaret provided leadership and took on corporations focusing on the issue of net neutrality, the concept that everyone should have equal access to the Internet regardless of their usage or ability to pay. 
I met Margaret during the Freedom Plaza Occupy Movement in Washington, DC where she helped me organize the Occupy EPA demonstrations. 
Below, Margaret provides her reflections and analysis on running as the 2016 Green Party candidate for the US Senate in Maryland. 
Adebayo: What political and cultural lessons did you learn from running against the Democratic and Republican machines? 
Flowers: Running for office in Maryland taught me that the major political party machines, especially the Democratic Party, are pervasive in our state. Their tentacles reach deep into the non-profit organizations, the media, the polling organizations and the universities. 
There is a culture in the state that is trapped in the duopoly. People are so used to thinking in terms of just Democrats and Republicans that they have a hard time comprehending that there are more than two parties. It is almost like a habit. When confronted with the reality that the media, non-profits, polls and universities were excluding our campaign, the most common responses were that this is how it has always been or that they excluded us because they could. 
It was disappointing that the Maryland League of Women Voters, which is supposed to be nonpartisan and educate voters about their choices on the ballot, imposed an arbitrary high polling criterion that was used to keep me out of debates. It was disappointing that a public university, the University of Baltimore, which sponsored the only televised senate debate in Maryland, shut down political discourse by excluding me even though I would have provided a perspective that was not heard in the debate. 
It was interesting to see how the media and polling organizations create a Catch-22 situation for alternative party candidates. Early on in my campaign, when public pressure was applied, the Baltimore Sun published one article on my campaign that mostly argued that I had no chance of winning and that I was mostly like a Democrat. Their failure to cover my campaign early on, or to even mention that I was running when they covered the other candidates, made it less likely that I would reach potential donors and volunteers. This made it less likely that I would poll well, especially since there were few polls that included me and they were done in September. As a result, my low polling numbers were used to justify my exclusion from events. 
When our campaign did reach people, we received a very welcoming response. People are interested in a broader discussion of the crises we are facing and solutions to them. The solutions that I support are widely supported by the public. 
And finally, it was interesting to see how so-called progressive organizations are trapped inside the Democratic Party and fail to understand that as long as they are complicit with the Democrats, they have no power. They fail to understand that their undying support for Democrats basically means that they are taken for granted. Unfortunately, “progressive” organizations endorsed Van Hollen and Clinton, even though their platforms include support for fracking and war and only partial solutions to the crises in education, healthcare and other human rights violations. This support and undying commitment of so-called “progressive” organizations to the Democratic Party defies logic. 
Adebayo: In your opinion, how can the Green Party use the momentum of your state campaign as well as the national Stein/Baraka campaign to create a more effective popular grass-roots movement? 
Flowers: It is already happening. New Green Party locals are forming around the state of Maryland. The current locals are growing. Many of the people who are involved in the locals are also involved in advocacy and activism, so there is a natural synergy. It is our task now to continue to nurture and grow that for the next election and to encourage greater collaboration and visibility of the Green Party with local movements. 
Personally, my next focus will be to stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). We are organizing to stop it from being ratified by Congress after the election. If we stop that, it will be a huge victory of popular power over corporate power. We can build off that to encourage more people to rise up and demand that the political agenda protect people and the planet. 
Adebayo: How do third party organizations, such as the Green Party, fight the political, financial and media dominance of the two major corporate parties? 
Flowers: This is a David and Goliath fight, but we have truth and justice on our side. The message of the Green Party resonates with people because we talk about real issues that they experience in their lives and solutions that they want to see. We are working to expose the media blackout and to encourage people to demand that the media and debates are more inclusive. And we are learning to use social media platforms to reach people. One aspect of the campaign that is very heartening is the commitment of the volunteers. People are donating their skills in filmmaking and graphic design. People are doing regular outreach and visibility actions across the state. It is truly amazing and it energizes me to see it. 
Adebayo: As you reflect on your Senate campaign, what strategies worked best to encourage activism and what stratagems could you have employed to elicit more public support? 
Flowers: Running a statewide campaign is a challenge. Some of the best experiences that I had were doing one-on-one outreach around the state. I would definitely do more of that if I ran again. And holding volunteer training sessions is critical for people to develop comfort with outreach strategies. I am sure that there is more that I could do, but at this point I am still focused on completing this campaign. Then we will debrief more. Dr. Marsha Adebayo is the author of the Pulitzer Prize nominated: No FEAR: A Whistleblowers Triumph over Corruption and Retaliation at the EPA . She worked at the EPA for 18 years and blew the whistle on a US multinational corporation that endangered South African vanadium mine workers. Marsha's successful lawsuit led to the introduction and passage of the first civil rights and whistleblower law of the 21st century: the Notification of Federal Employees Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act). She is Director of Transparency and Accountability for the Green Shadow Cabinet and serves on the Advisory Board of ExposeFacts.com.",0
5332,March’s Biggest Hit? A Pregnant Giraffe Named April - The New York Times,"She is probably the only internet sensation in Harpursville, N. Y. a hamlet of about 3, 500 people in the Southern Tier region: April, a very pregnant giraffe, whose livestream video has attracted millions of viewers. But April’s instant stardom  —   the stream, which was posted about three weeks ago by Animal Adventure Park, where she lives, has been viewed nearly 20 million times on YouTube  —   is raising hopes that the attention will yield an economic boost for the region, a former manufacturing powerhouse that has struggled in recent years. The audience that has tuned in online to watch and wait for April to give birth has translated into phone calls, emails and a surge of interest in the       animal park, now closed for the winter, said its owner, Jordan Patch. Mr. Patch said he had received dozens of inquiries about which airport was closest to the park (Greater Binghamton Airport) the nearest hotels (also in Binghamton, about 20 minutes away) and where visitors could camp (Chenango Valley State Park). “It’s phenomenal,” Mr. Patch said, adding that the Southern Tier, a line of counties north of Pennsylvania, had long sought recognition as a great part of New York to visit. Mr. Patch said the idea for the livestream arose from the many emails and calls he was receiving from local residents asking for updates on the pregnancy of April, a    reticulated giraffe. The livestream allowed her fans to monitor her progress on their own, theoretically freeing Mr. Patch to attend to other matters. It did not work out that way. “I’m answering a lot more emails now than I was before,” he said. “It’s absolutely overwhelming. We are inundated with messages and emails, media interviews and requests. ” Interest has poured in from Canada, India, Ireland and Scotland. The BBC called the calf’s arrival the most anticipated birth since Prince George was born in 2013. “In fact, the media spotlight is arguably greater,” the publication noted. The livestream was removed from YouTube briefly in February after complaints that it was showcasing nudity and sexually explicit content, Mr. Patch said. Mr. Patch believes the complaint came from people who do not believe in keeping animals in captivity. A spokeswoman for YouTube declined to comment on why the video was taken down but said it was back up in an hour. The animal park  —   about 20 acres with more than 200 animals, including spotted hyenas, black bears, zebras, wildebeest, and a collection of monkeys and primates  —   has embraced the attention. A GoFundMe page has been set up and April merchandise is being sold to raise money, and there are plans to hold a naming contest once the calf is born. “We still scoop poop, feed animals and we have a living collection that depends on us that we have to maintain,” Mr. Patch said. “On the park side it’s business as usual. ” The park acquired April, a mother of three, in September 2015, in hopes that she would bear her fourth child with the help of a    male giraffe, Oliver. Within a month the two were mating, Mr. Patch said. Forecasting a gestation period of about 15 months, Mr. Patch’s staff predicted that April would give birth in January or February of this year. But they may have calculated the date of conception incorrectly. “Like every other animal in the world, just because you connected doesn’t mean you conceived,” Mr. Patch said. The livestream of April is now being viewed nearly five million times a day. And though some viewers have complained about the long wait, the delay has allowed interest to build, encouraging local officials. “You pray for something like this to happen when you’re a community of our size,” said Jennifer Conway, president and chief executive of the greater Binghamton Chamber of Commerce, which manages tourism for Broome County.",0
5333,Proven Link Between Soros And The Voting Machines Used In America | Survival,"(Before It's News)
NUKE PRO: Exposing Truth Anti-Nuclear Information and Resources, and Disaster Preparation Planning: http://nukeprofessional.blogspot.com/ Malloch-Brown and Soros are buddies at the Soros led NWO “Open Society Institute”
Malloch Brown became chairman of the board of directors of SGO Corporation Limited, a holding company whose primary asset is the election technology and voting machine manufacturer Smartmatic, in 2014.[37][38]
Malloch Brown has been closely associated with billionaire speculator George Soros. Working for Refugees International, he was part of the Soros Advisory Committee on Bosnia in 1993–94, formed by George Soros.
He has since kept cordial relations with Soros, and rented an apartment owned by Soros while working in New York on UN assignments.[43] In May 2007, Soros' Quantum Fund announced the appointment of Sir Mark as vice-president.[44] In September 2007, The
—————————————————————————————————–
In amazing Orwellian fashion, this buddy of Soros, his name is very similar to Moloch, aka Satan. And in emails to Clinton people speak of “sacrificing to Moloch”. H
I think I see the resemblance",0
5334,The Path to Total Dictatorship: America’s Shadow Government and its Silent Coup,"Waking Times 
“Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people . Outwardly we have a Constitutional government. We have operating within our government and political system … a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state…. The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization… It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government…. This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.”— Senator William Jenner, 1954 speech 
Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law. 
Say hello to America’s shadow government. 
A corporatized, militarized, entrenched bureaucracy that is fully operational and staffed by unelected officials who are, in essence, running the country, this shadow government represents the hidden face of a government that has no respect for the freedom of its citizenry. 
No matter which candidate wins the presidential election, this shadow government is here to stay. Indeed, as recent documents by the FBI reveal, this shadow government— also referred to as “The 7th Floor Group” —may well have played a part in who will win the White House this year. 
To be precise, however, the future president will actually inherit not one but two shadow governments. 
The first shadow government, referred to as COG or Continuity of Government, is made up of unelected individuals who have been appointed to run the government in the event of a “catastrophe.” COG is a phantom menace waiting for the right circumstances—a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, an economic meltdown—to bring it out of the shadows, where it operates even now. When and if COG takes over, the police state will transition to martial law. 
Yet it is the second shadow government —also referred to as the Deep State—that poses the greater threat to freedom right now. Comprised of unelected government bureaucrats, corporations, contractors, paper-pushers, and button-pushers who are actually calling the shots behind the scenes, this government within a government is the real reason “we the people” have no real control over our government. 
The Deep State, which “ operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power ,” makes a mockery of elections and the entire concept of a representative government. 
So who or what is the Deep State? 
It’s the militarized police, which have joined forces with state and federal law enforcement agencies in order to establish themselves as a standing army. It’s the fusion centers and spy agencies that have created a surveillance state and turned all of us into suspects. It’s the courthouses and prisons that have allowed corporate profits to take precedence over due process and justice. It’s the military empire with its private contractors and defense industry that is bankrupting the nation. It’s the private sector with its 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances, “a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government.” It’s what former congressional staffer Mike Lofgren refers to as “ a hybrid of national security and law enforcement agencies ”: the Department of Defense, the State Department, Homeland Security, the CIA, the Justice Department, the Treasury, the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a handful of vital federal trial courts, and members of the defense and intelligence committees. 
It’s every facet of a government that is no longer friendly to freedom and is working overtime to trample the Constitution underfoot and render the citizenry powerless in the face of the government’s power grabs, corruption and abusive tactics. 
These are the key players that drive the shadow government. 
This is the hidden face of the American police state that will continue long past Election Day. 
Just consider some of the key programs and policies advanced by the shadow government that will continue no matter who occupies the Oval Office. 
Domestic surveillance. No matter who wins the presidential popularity contest, the National Security Agency (NSA), with its $10.8 billion black ops annual budget, will continue to spy on every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone. Thus, on any given day, whether you’re walking through a store, driving your car, checking email, or talking to friends and family on the phone, you can be sure that some government agency, whether the NSA or some other entity, is listening in and tracking your behavior. Local police have been outfitted with a litany of surveillance gear, from license plate readers and cell phone tracking devices to biometric data recorders. Technology now makes it possible for the police to scan passersby in order to detect the contents of their pockets, purses, briefcases, etc. Full-body scanners, which perform virtual strip-searches of Americans traveling by plane, have gone mobile, with roving police vans that peer into vehicles and buildings alike—including homes. Coupled with the nation’s growing network of real-time surveillance cameras and facial recognition software, soon there really will be nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. 
Global spying. The NSA’s massive surveillance network, what the Washington Post refers to as a $500 billion “ espionage empire ,” will continue to span the globe and target every single person on the planet who uses a phone or a computer. The NSA’s Echelon program intercepts and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax and email message sent anywhere in the world. In addition to carrying out domestic surveillance on peaceful political groups such as Amnesty International, Greenpeace and several religious groups, Echelon has also been a keystone in the government’s attempts at political and corporate espionage . 
Roving TSA searches. The American taxpayer will continue to get ripped off by government agencies in the dubious name of national security. One of the greatest culprits when it comes to swindling taxpayers has been the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with its questionable deployment of and complete mismanagement of millions of dollars’ worth of airport full-body X-ray scanners, punitive patdowns by TSA agents and thefts of travelers’ valuables. Considered essential to national security, TSA programs will continue in airports and at transportation hubs around the country. 
USA Patriot Act, NDAA. America’s so-called war on terror, which it has relentlessly pursued since 9/11, will continue to chip away at our freedoms, unravel our Constitution and transform our nation into a battlefield, thanks in large part to such subversive legislation as the USA Patriot Act and National Defense Authorization Act. These laws completely circumvent the rule of law and the rights of American citizens. In so doing, they re-orient our legal landscape in such a way as to ensure that martial law, rather than the U.S. Constitution, is the map by which we navigate life in the United States. These laws will continue to be enforced no matter who gets elected. 
Militarized police state. Thanks to federal grant programs allowing the Pentagon to transfer surplus military supplies and weapons to local law enforcement agencies without charge, police forces will continue to be transformed from peace officers into heavily armed extensions of the military, complete with jackboots, helmets, shields, batons, pepper-spray, stun guns, assault rifles, body armor, miniature tanks and weaponized drones. Having been given the green light to probe, poke, pinch, taser, search, seize, strip and generally manhandle anyone they see fit in almost any circumstance, all with the general blessing of the courts, America’s law enforcement officials, no longer mere servants of the people entrusted with keeping the peace, will continue to keep the masses corralled, controlled, and treated like suspects and enemies rather than citizens. 
SWAT team raids. With more than 80,000 SWAT team raids carried out every year on unsuspecting Americans by local police for relatively routine police matters and federal agencies laying claim to their own law enforcement divisions, the incidence of botched raids and related casualties will continue to rise. Nationwide, SWAT teams will continue to be employed to address an astonishingly trivial array of criminal activity or mere community nuisances including angry dogs, domestic disputes, improper paperwork filed by an orchid farmer, and misdemeanor marijuana possession. 
Domestic drones. The domestic use of drones will continue unabated. As mandated by Congress, there will be 30,000 drones crisscrossing the skies of America by 2020, all part of an industry that could be worth as much as $30 billion per year. These machines, which will be equipped with weapons, will be able to record all activities, using video feeds, heat sensors and radar. An Inspector General report revealed that the Dept. of Justice has already spent nearly $4 million on drones domestically, largely for use by the FBI , with grants for another $1.26 million so police departments and nonprofits can acquire their own drones. 
School-to-prison pipeline. The paradigm of abject compliance to the state will continue to be taught by example in the schools, through school lockdowns where police and drug-sniffing dogs enter the classroom, and zero tolerance policies that punish all offenses equally and result in young people being expelled for childish behavior. School districts will continue to team up with law enforcement to create a “schoolhouse to jailhouse track” by imposing a “double dose” of punishment: suspension or expulsion from school, accompanied by an arrest by the police and a trip to juvenile court. 
Overcriminalization. The government bureaucracy will continue to churn out laws, statutes, codes and regulations that reinforce its powers and value systems and those of the police state and its corporate allies, rendering the rest of us petty criminals. The average American now unknowingly commits three felonies a day, thanks to this overabundance of vague laws that render otherwise innocent activity illegal. Consequently, small farmers who dare to make unpasteurized goat cheese and share it with members of their community will continue to have their farms raided. 
Privatized Prisons. States will continue to outsource prisons to private corporations, resulting in a cash cow whereby mega-corporations imprison Americans in private prisons in order to make a profit. In exchange for corporations buying and managing public prisons across the country at a supposed savings to the states, the states have to agree to maintain a 90% occupancy rate in the privately run prisons for at least 20 years. 
Endless wars. America’s expanding military empire will continue to bleed the country dry at a rate of more than $15 billion a month (or $20 million an hour). The Pentagon spends more on war than all 50 states combined spend on health, education, welfare, and safety. Yet what most Americans fail to recognize is that these ongoing wars have little to do with keeping the country safe and everything to do with enriching the military industrial complex at taxpayer expense. 
Are you getting the message yet? 
The next president, much like the current president and his predecessors, will be little more than a figurehead, a puppet to entertain and distract the populace from what’s really going on. 
As Lofgren reveals, this state within a state, “concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue ,” is a “hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose.” 
The Deep State not only holds the nation’s capital in thrall, but it also controls Wall Street (“which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater”) and Silicon Valley. 
This is fascism in its most covert form, hiding behind public agencies and private companies to carry out its dirty deeds. 
It is a marriage between government bureaucrats and corporate fat cats. 
As Lofgren concludes: 
[T]he Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change … If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. 
In other words, as I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , as long as government officials—elected and unelected alike—are allowed to operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, the courts and the citizenry, the threat to our freedoms remains undiminished. 
So the next time you find yourselves despondent over the 2016 presidential candidates, remember that it’s just a puppet show intended to distract you from the silent coup being carried out by America’s shadow government. About the Author",0
5335,Comment on FBI: No link between Trump and Russian government by Christian Zionist,"Posted on November 1, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
For Hillary Clinton and her accomplice and protector, the Obama administration, Russia is the new, all-purpose bogeyman. 
They say the Russian government is the hacker of those revealing and embarrassing DNC, Hillary and Podesta emails that WikiLeaks has been releasing. 
Hillary even accused Donald Trump of being in cahoots with Moscow. The latest accuser is longtime Democratic strategist James Carville. 
As reported by Edund Kozak for PoliZette , in an appearance on MSNBC yesterday, Oct. 31, 2016, Carville attacked the FBI for reopening its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, calling it part of a vast conspiracy to subvert American democracy. (See “ Weinered: FBI reopens investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails ”) 
Carville raged: 
“This is in effect an attempt to hijack an election. It’s unprecedented … the House Republicans and the KGB are trying to influence our democracy! [FBI Director James] Comey was acting in concert and coordination with the House Republicans. We also have the extraordinary case of the KGB being involved in this race and selectively leaking things from the Clinton campaign that they hacked.” 
As noted by Kozak, “Apparently the fact that the Soviet security agency [KGB] was disbanded in 1991 does not preclude its involvement in this vast, anti-Clinton, FBI-organized conspiracy.” 
Now, the New York Times reports (via ZeroHedge ) that in an investigation into Russia’s possible involvement in the 2016 presidential election, the FBI concludes that there’s no evidence that Trump is connected with the Russian government: 
“For much of the summer, the F.B.I. pursued a widening investigation into a Russian role in the American presidential campaign. Agents scrutinized advisers close to Donald J. Trump, looked for financial connections with Russian financial figures, searched for those involved in hacking the computers of Democrats, and even chased a lead — which they ultimately came to doubt — about a possible secret channel of email communication from the Trump Organization to a Russian bank. 
Law enforcement officials say that none of the investigations so far have found any link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government. And even the hacking into Democratic emails, F.B.I. and intelligence officials now believe, was aimed at disrupting the presidential election rather than electing Mr. Trump.” 
Hey, James Carville, you conniving POS. This message is for you! 
~Eowyn",0
5336,Quit Smoking! Smoking Cigarettes Causes 150 Genetic Mutations and Cancer,"You Are Here: Home » Health News » Quit Smoking! Smoking Cigarettes Causes 150 Genetic Mutations and Cancer Quit Smoking! Smoking Cigarettes Causes 150 Genetic Mutations and Cancer Prev post Next post 
Breakthrough research discovered that smoking one pack of cigarettes every day can lead to 150 cell mutations in a year. These mutations can occur in different regions of the body, increasing the risk of smokers to develop cancers not just in areas that are in direct contact with inhaled chemicals. 
A comprehensive study, the first of its kind, probed deeper into the effects of smoking on the human body through the use of a pattern recognition program. The methodology is likened to recording the noise in a roomful of people and then separating individual voices to better hear them. 
A group of collaborating researchers studied and compared 5,000 cancerous tumors from those who are habitual smokers and those who have not smoked a single cigarette in their life. The results were staggering with 150 different kinds of mutations in different parts of the body. The Main Reasons to Quit Smoking Quit Smoking Now! 
You reduce your risk of getting serious disease no matter what age you give up. However, the sooner you stop, the greater the reduction in your risk. In fact, researchers have found that if you quit smoking before the age of 50 your risk of dying is virtually reduced to that of a non-smoker. 
Even if you give up after the age of 60, your risk of dying at any given age is reduced by about 39% compared to a person who carries on smoking. If you stop smoking you: Reduce the risk of getting serious smoking-related diseases such as heart disease, cancers, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and peripheral vascular disease. Reduce the risk of getting various other conditions which, although not life-threatening, can cause unpleasant problems. For example: Erection problems (impotence). Optic neuropathy – this is a condition affecting the nerve supplying the eye. Cataracts. A breakdown of the tissue at the back of the eye (macular degeneration). A skin condition called psoriasis. Gum disease. ‘Thinning’ of the bones (osteoporosis). Raynaud’s phenomenon – in this condition, fingers turn white or blue when exposed to cold. Reduce the risk of pregnancy complications if you are pregnant. If you have smoked since being a teenager or young adult: If you quit smoking before the age of about 35, your life expectancy is only slightly less than it is for people who have never smoked. If you stop smoking before the age of 50, you decrease the risk of dying from smoking-related diseases by 50%. 
It is never too late to quit smoking to gain health benefits. Even if you already have COPD or heart disease, your outlook (prognosis) is much improved if you quit smoking. 
Planning and support can help you quit smoking for good. Before your quit day, take time to prepare for challenges. Make a plan for quitting. Know what to expect in the first days of being smokefree. Identify your reasons for quitting and plan how to ask for help if you need it. Quit Smoking! Smoking Cigarettes Causes 150 Genetic Mutations and Cancer 
Breakthrough research discovered that smoking one pack of cigarettes every day can lead to 150 cell mutations in a year. These mutations can occur in different regions of the body, increasing the risk of smokers to develop cancers not just in areas that are in direct contact with inhaled chemicals. A comprehensive study, the first […] How to Detox the Lymphatic System 
Do you experience any of the lymphatic congestion symptoms? The fact is almost every condition and disease process can be linked to poor waste removal in the lymphatic system. The lymphatic system is a network of tissues and organs. It is made up of Lymph – a fluid that contains white blood cells that defend […] Foods That Boost ‘Super-Antioxident’ Glutathione 
Glutathione is a substance found in every cell in the body, where it acts as an antioxidant to neutralize free radicals and prevent cellular damage. Since glutathione is so effective for detoxification, it could be tempting go out and buy some supplements. However, studies have found that taking glutathione in oral supplements has practically no effect […] Overcoming Nightmares Through Lucid Dreaming 
by Kerry McGlone Nightmares can be defined as an unpleasant and frightening dream. They’re completely harmless, but not something anyone wants to experience as they sleep. They can leave individuals scared, and even have them traumatized; leaving them unable to sleep the next night in fear of it occurring again. Just imagine yourself having the […] Nestle CEO says You Shouldn’t Have the Right to Water 
Get ready to feel infuriated: the CEO of Nestle, Peter Brabeck, has been caught on video saying he believes water should not be a public right, that instead it should be something only the wealthy have access to. By Matt Hall — Staff Writer As Nestle is the 27th largest company in the world and does […] 5 Things Everyone Should Know About Introverts 
The following five traits are what I consider to be some commonly misunderstood characteristics of introverts, coming from a true introvert herself! by Rebecca McKown – MindBodyGreen I’m an introvert to the core, and there’s a good chance that either you or someone you know is, as well. As a child I was called shy, a […] Top 10 Foods That Increase Sex Drive 
Do you feel like your sex drive just isn’t what it used to be? You aren’t alone — many people feel that way at some point in their lives. In some cases, a decrease in libido may be due to a medical issue. For many people, however, the situation may be remedied without resorting to […] 11 Natural And Effective Uses For Lavender Oil 
If you’re looking to get some bang for your buck, lavender oil is a godsend.! by Elizabeth Seward – Staff Writer Whether you want to use the fragrant essential oil for practical purposes around the house or holistic healing, lavender oil is packed with health benefits and everyday uses that shouldn’t be ignored. The oil, which is […] Homemade Body Wash Recipe 
Try this awesome homemade body wash recipe today! by Jillee – Onegoodthingbyjillie.com When I was growing up…I don’t think we ever bought “body wash”. It was Ivory or Dove bar soap…or nothing at all. 🙂 Even after I first got married we still did the bar soap thing…because I remember trying to convince the hubster that Dove soap was better than Irish Spring. lol. (I still try to convince him […] Chia Seeds Health Benefits 
by Kris Gunnars – Authority Nutrition Chia seeds are among the healthiest foods on the planet. They are loaded with nutrients that can have important benefits for your body and brain. Here are 11 health benefits of chia seeds that are supported by human studies. 1. Chia Seeds Deliver a Massive Amount of Nutrients With […] Scientists Officially Link Processed Foods To Autoimmune Disease 
by April McCarthy – Preventdisease.com The modern diet of processed foods, takeaways and microwave meals could be to blame for a sharp increase in autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis, including alopecia, asthma and eczema. A team of scientists from Yale University in the U.S and the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, in Germany, say junk food diets […] Cancer Drug Melts Away Deadly Cancer Cells in 80% of Patients 
A new breakthrough cancer drug has been shown to significantly reduce or even completely destroy cancer cells in almost 80% of patients with an advanced form of leukaemia in a four-year clinical trial. In 20% of patients, it caused complete remission of the disease. “Many patients have maintained this response more than a year after […] Pneumonia cured in 3 hours using natural medicine 
Pneumonia is a deadly disease caused by both bacteria and viruses, but what if one simple vitamin could cure the disease in only 3 hours!! by Jonathan Landsman – Naturalhealth365.com The numbers are staggering. The eighth leading cause of death, in the United States, is pneumonia and influenza – killing over 50,000 people per year. Conventional […] Join For Free! Discover Little Known Health Secrets and Useful Tips For Healthy Living! First Name ",0
5337,Senado de México analiza designación de nuevo fiscal general,"(actualizada a las 20:39 26.10.2016) URL corto 0 29 1 0 CIUDAD DE MÉXICO (Sputnik) — El Senado de México analiza la propuesta enviada por el presidente Enrique Peña Nieto para reemplazar al fiscal general de la República, Arely Gómez, por Raúl Cervantes, expresidente de la cámara alta. 
En un enroque en dos altos cargos del Estado, la iniciativa contempla que la procuradora saliente, quien también es senadora con licencia para desempeñar el cargo de fiscal, ha sido designada a la Secretaría de la Función Pública, cargo que también debe analizar el Senado. Renuncia secretario federal de la Función Pública de México La titular saliente de la Procuradora General de la República (PGR Fiscalía federal), asumió el cargo a principios de 2005, en remplazo de Jesús Murillo, que fracasó cuando se derrumbó la llamada ""verdad histórica"" sobre la llamada Masacre de Iguala , perpetrada por policías y sicarios confabulados contra estudiantes de la escuela rural de Atoyotzinapa, que sigue sin esclarecerse.
En aquella ocasión, Gómez expresó que la PGR heredada era ""un desastre"" como institución federal contra el crimen. 
Ese cargo federal se encarga de auditar el desempeño de los funcionarios públicos con criterios de transparencia, vacante desde julio pasado cuando un amigo del presidente, Virgilio Andrade dejó el cargo anticorrupción. 
Más: Presidente Peña pide perdón a México por la ""Casa Blanca"" de su esposa 
Andrade dejó ese despacho cuando se aprobó el nuevo Sistema Nacional Anticorrupción , entre críticas de la oposición por haber exonerado al presidente mexicano en una investigación interna, por la llamada Casa Blanca de la primera dama, Angélica Rivera, una mansión de casi 4 millones de dólares construida y financiada por un amigo contratista del gobierno. 
El enroque Se forma una ""tormenta perfecta"" al final del mandato de Peña Nieto en México Gómez ha encarado otros casos paradigmáticos, como la fuga del jefe de Cartel de Sinaloa, Joaquín Guzmán , alias El Chapo, que se fugó por un túnel cavado hasta la celda del mafioso, cuando la procuradora fue fotografiada desconcertada, examinando la boca del pasadizo subterráneo del escape.
Una de las tareas inconclusas que deja Gómez es un paquete de juicios por corrupción que involucran a media docena de exgobernadores del gobernante Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI), pero también uno de la oposición, que están prófugos por millonarias malversaciones al erario y sin rastro de ellos. 
Si es aprobado, el legislador Cervantes, de 53 años y con dos décadas de militancia en el PRI tendrá en su despacho los expedientes de líderes políticos caídos en desgracia de la clase política, cuyos hilos llegan a las alturas del poder. 
La aprobación del enroque en los cargos es inminente: por ejemplo, el líder del Partido Acción Nacional (PAN, centroderecha) en el Senado, Fernando Herrera, ya le deseó al designado ""éxito en su nueva encomienda"". 
A su turno, el coordinador de la bancada del Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD, centroizquierda), Miguel Barbosa, dijo que como senador se desempeñó con ""profesionalismo y capacidad"", cuando fue presidente de la Cámara alta. 
El líder del PRI en el senado Emilio Gamboa, dijo que Cervantes ""representó siempre a todas y a todos los legisladores"", para desenredar ""temas tan complicados como los que se discutieron"", durante la aprobación de las reformas estructurales al inicio del mandato de Peña Nieto en 2013. ""Cervantes es un gran constitucionalista y respetuoso de las leyes"", que contribuyó a establecer el nuevo Sistema Nacional Anticorrupción, dijo el líder del PRI. 
Senadores calculan que la corrupción cuesta el 10% del gasto público, es decir de 20.000 a 25.000 millones de dólares, otros organismos lo calculan como porcentaje del Producto Interno Bruto, y oscilan desde el 2 al 10% del PIB. 
En cuanto al crimen, Gómez deja la Fiscalía cuando las estadísticas oficiales sobre homicidio dolosos en ocho meses de 2016, registran un amento anual de 20%. ...",0
5338,Speculation Ends: Date and Venue Set for World Chess Championship in New York - The New York Times,"Back in February, the company that runs the World Chess Championship announced some big news: the tournament would return to New York City this fall, for the first time in more than two decades. The company promised to reveal a venue shortly. But then it did not. Players and bloggers cried foul, suggesting that the tournament would not come to the city after all. The company, Agon Limited, based in Russia, called the speculation “  and gossip. ” That was in May. Then more silence, more speculation. The official chess world, it should be said, is as fractious as the Olympics. Kirsan N. Ilyumzhinov, the Russian businessman who heads the World Chess Federation, has been sanctioned by the United States Treasury Department after being accused of “materially assisting” Syria’s president, Bashar   and also said he was abducted by space aliens. During the controversy about a planned Islamic center near ground zero in New York in 2010, Mr. Ilyumzhinov wrote to Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg offering to build a   interfaith tower designed like a chess piece on the site instead. Support for his governing practices is not unanimous in the chess world. The silence on details about the coming tournament struck some chess fans as suspicious. Nigel Short, a British grandmaster and tart commentator, posted on Twitter, “Can’t imagine the next World #Chess Championship taking place in New York, for a whole host of reasons. ” The speculation can now rest. The world championship will be held at the South Street Seaport in Lower Manhattan, Ilya Merenzon, the head of Agon Limited, told The New York Times on Monday. Joel Lippman, the events director for the Seaport, confirmed the arrangement. The tournament pits the current champion, Magnus Carlsen, 25, a charismatic Norwegian who appeared in ads for the sportswear company   RAW, against the Russian challenger, Sergey Karjakin, 26, who will come to the match a decided underdog. Many chess fans had hoped the challenger would be one of two Americans, Hikaru Nakamura or Fabiano Caruana, who both have roots in New York, but Mr. Karjakin, a supporter of Vladimir Putin and his invasion of Crimea, bested them and others in the qualifying tournament in Moscow in March. The games are scheduled to begin on Nov. 11 and continue for several weeks, until one player earns six and a half points (players receive a point for a win and a half point for a draw). Mr. Merenzon said that securing a venue for such a long period proved harder than expected. Among the other sites considered: Trump Tower. The players will compete in a soundproof glass room, in front of 300 spectators plus VIPs, who will have a lounge area. Regular tickets will cost up to $50. Mr. Merenzon said he expected audience members to come and go during games, which can take five or six hours, with long stretches between moves. Commentators will analyze the game in progress, and a gift shop will sell souvenirs. “It’s the first time we’re taking this product fully to market,” Mr. Merenzon said. “We’re saying chess is open for business. ”",0
5339,United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians,"Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians Baran Hines November 2, 2016 Leave a comment 
United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura stated Sunday that he is “appalled and shocked by the high number of rockets indiscriminately launched by armed opposition groups” which have killed hundreds of civilians in Aleppo during recent weeks. The attacks from groups supported by the United States were described as “ relentless and indiscriminate” while targeting civilians and killing children, according to the statement released by de Mistura’s office. 
The battle for eastern Aleppo has become more violent as the Syrian army continues to regain control of the strategic city while targeting the UN designated terrorist group Jahbat Al Nusra, which is known as Al Qaeda in Syria. Most of the attacks by opposition groups have targeted civilians as almost 100 civilians were reported killed in 3 days in western Aleppo, which is controlled by the Syrian government. 
US officials and others claim that opposition groups supported by the United States are also being targeted by the Syrian army and civilians are being killed. However, US-backed groups have continued to work directly with Al Nusra in Aleppo, and, for more than six months, have refused requests by the United States and Russia to separate from terrorist groups. 
UN Envoy Staffan de Mistura condemned the attacks by these groups because they continue using inaccurate weapons to launch attacks which are claimed as self-defense against the attacks from the Syrian army. 
“Those who argue that this is meant to relieve the siege of eastern Aleppo should be reminded that nothing justifies the use of disproportionate, indiscriminate [attacks,] including heavy weapons on civilian areas and it could amount to war crimes,” de Mistura said. 
Opposition groups have also used chemical weapons with the most recent attack occurring on October 30, killing 3 and injuring 40 civilians in western Aleppo areas controlled by the government. Non-governmental organization Amnesty International said the attacks show “ a shocking disregard for civilian lives ” in a statement released Monday. 
“ The goal of breaking the siege on eastern Aleppo does not give armed opposition groups a license to flout the rules of international humanitarian law by bombarding civilian neighborhoods in government-held areas without distinction ,” said Samah Hadid , a senior Amnesty official in the Beirut regional office. 
The Syrian war has seen an increase in violence after the collapse of the September 9 ceasefire agreement negotiated by diplomatic officials from the United States and Russia. Opposition groups contributed to the collapse of the ceasefire after violating the ceasefire over 300 times in the first two weeks, according to the Syrian news agency SANA . Amnesty International also cited the United States being responsible for more than 300 civilian deaths in recent weeks. 
The ceasefire agreement called for Russia to influence the Syrian government forces to stop fighting for control and for the US to influence rebel groups to separate from terrorist groups Al Nusra and Islamic State so they could be targeted by joint US-Russia military campaigns. The US has failed to achieve this since February 2016 despite US officials claiming to be in daily contact with rebel groups. 
Another significant incident causing the Syrian ceasefire to fail was the September 17 attack by the United States on Syrian troops fighting the Islamic State near the city of Deir Ezzor, killing more than 80 troops and wounding over 100 others — including civilians. That incident, which the US called an accident, led to public accusations from Russia that the US is intentionally helping the Islamic State. 
A few days later on September 19, Russia was accused by the US of bombing a United Nations aid convoy for Aleppo, a charge denied by Russia citing forensic evidence indicating that the attack was not an airstrike. The ongoing public tension led to the United States ending direct negotiations with Russia over the Syrian conflict on October 3 , and both sides have since traded public declarations which many see as heightened war rhetoric . Share",0
5340,Apple Adds ‘Alt-Right’ Key To Its Computer Keyboards |,"adobochron Leave a comment 
CUPERTINO, California ( The Adobo Chronicles, San Jose Bureau) – Technology giant Apple is known for its innovation and for constantly reinventing itself and its products. This strategy has spelled the company’s tremendous success across the globe. 
Occasionally, Apple immerses itself in politics and the current political atmosphere following the election of Donald Trump as the 45th U.S. president is one of those times. 
By now, the term Alt-Right (Alternative Right) has become a familiar phrase especially on social media. 
The Alternative Right, commonly known as the Alt-Right, is a set of far-right ideologies, groups and individuals whose core belief is that “white identity” is under attack by multicultural forces using “political correctness” and “social justice” to undermine white people and “their” civilization. Characterized by heavy use of social media and online memes, Alt-Righters eschew “establishment” conservatism, skew young, and embrace white ethno-nationalism as a fundamental value. 
In keeping up with this new political atmosphere, Apple has just announced that it will be replacing all keyboards on its desktops, laptops, iPhones and iPads with a new design that adds the “Alt-Right” key. The key will be located in the lowermost right corner of the keyboard. How appropriate 
Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the addition of this all-important key will enable those who subscribe to the Alternative Right ideologies (and idiosyncrasies) to identify themselves when sending emails, texts or posting on social media. Hitting the “Alt-Right” key will automatically add the hashtag #AlternativeRight to whatever a person is typing on the keyboard. 
Welcome to the 22nd century! Rate this: ",0
5341,BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover,"Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover Jay Syrmopoulos October 27, 2016 2 Comments 
Portland, OR – The group of men who seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, in rural Oregon were found not guilty late Thursday, vindicating brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy after the 41-day standoff that brought nationwide focus to long-running dispute over federal control of rural land in the Western United States. 
According to a report in by the Associated Press : 
A jury found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the 300 miles southeast of Portland where the trial took place. Five co-defendants also were tried one or both of the charges. Ammon Bundy has a house in Emmett. 
Despite the acquittal, the Bundys were expected to stand trial in Nevada early next year on charges stemming from another high-profile standoff with federal agents. Authorities rounding up cattle at their father Cliven Bundy’s ranch in 2014 because of unpaid grazing fees released the animals as they faced armed protesters. 
The Bundy family initially made headlines in 2013 when the Bureau of Land Management brought armed agents in to seize rancher Cliven Bundy’s cattle after his refusal to pay federal authorities a massive debt – which he claims is illegitimate. 
In response to the militarized response in Nevada by the BLM, militia from across the U.S. mobilized and coordinated a response which saw hundreds of armed Americans stand up to what they perceived as vast federal overreach. 
What the government thought would be an open-and-shut case was anything but. The group never denied they seized the refuge while armed or that they made demands of the government. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, making the argument the group illegally commandeered a federal building. 
The AP reports: 
On technical grounds, the defendants said they never discussed stopping individual workers from accessing their offices but merely wanted the land and the buildings. On emotional grounds, Ammon Bundy and other defendants argued that the takeover was an act of civil disobedience against an out-of-control federal government that has crippled the rural West. 
Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found. 
Ammon Bundy spent three days testifying in his own defense, focusing on the fact that federal overreach is destroying rural Western communities that have relied on the land — for generations in many cases. Bundy made clear that the plan was to simply take control of the refuge by occupation, while eventually returning it to local control. 
Originally, 26 occupiers were charged with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, while another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants have not yet been tried. Their trial is scheduled to begin February 14, according to the AP. 
Shortly after the verdict was announced, an Oregon-area reporter posted to Twitter that Ammon Bundy’s attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals after insisting that Bundy should be allowed to be released from custody, with the judge subsequently ordering the courtroom cleared. 
The armed occupiers took control of the remote bird sanctuary on January 2, in response to the prison sentences given to two local ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, after being convicted of arson in relation to an ongoing dispute with the BLM. Upon occupying the refuge the group demanded that the father and son be freed and that federal officials cede control of publicly held lands to local control. 
Ultimately, the Bundy brothers and a number of their fellow occupiers were arrested in an ambush style attack, while on the way to negotiate with a Sheriff. It ended with officers gunning down Robert “LaVoy” Finnicum – a charismatic group spokesman. Currently, numerous federal SRT agents are under investigation for lying about firing at the occupiers’ vehicle during the ambush. 
The majority of the remaining occupants left the refuge in the wake of Finnicum’s killing, with four holdouts negotiating their surrender until February 11. 
In the wake of the verdict, both the FBI and U.S. Attorney’s Office also expressed disappointment. 
U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams said his office “respects the verdict of the jury and thanks them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.” 
“For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully. We believe now — as we did then — that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility. Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system.” – Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Oregon 
Regardless of the sentiments of those in government and law enforcement, the jury carried out justice — with this verdict solidifying that the killing of LaVoy Finnicum was nothing less than criminal . 
Revealing exactly why the 2nd Amendment is so important to a free people, Bundy testified that the reason occupiers chose to carry guns was because they understood that they would be immediately arrested otherwise and needed to protect themselves against possible government violence. 
There is no mistaking the difference in law enforcement’s response to unarmed protestors — versus those that exercise their right to bear arms. One need look no further than the ongoing protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock – which has been met with numerous militarized and violent crackdowns on non-violent water protectors – to see exactly how differently armed protestors are treated. Share Google + tz1 
“Armed Occupiers”? Really? Out west, that is like saying “cowboy hat wearing occupiers”, or “warmly dressed occupiers”. Or “white occupiers”. Joseph Slabaugh 
Having your gun with you (second amendment) while protesting the government for “redress of grievances”, does not mean they broke a law. They did not threaten anyone. They did not kill anyone, unlike the government thugs. Social",0
5342,Boycott targets Trump family on retail front,"Boycott targets Trump family on retail front Participants shun GOP nominee's products, retailers who carry them Published: 1 hour ago 
(CBC) An eye-catching shoe piques your interest and draws you in. Upon closer inspection, the label leaps out at you — Ivanka Trump, in simple gold lettering — and you recoil as if stung. 
That’s the kind of reaction behind a growing boycott of the products emblazoned with the brand of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as well as the popular, working women-targeted fashion line from his eldest daughter — who has arguably been his most influential and effective family member during the current election campaign.",0
5343,Robert Scheer and Lizbeth Mateo Explore the Contradictions of U.S. Immigration Policy,"Robert Scheer and Lizbeth Mateo Explore the Contradictions of U.S. Immigration Policy Posted on Nov 4, 2016 Lawyer and immigrant rights activist Lizbeth Mateo. (KCRW) 
In this week’s episode of “Scheer Intelligence,” the Truthdig editor in chief speaks with the lawyer and immigrant rights activist who self-deported in order to illuminate the plight of immigrants. 
Mateo came to the United States with her family at age 14 and attended college and law school. She returned to Mexico for several days in 2013 and was subsequently denied DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals), calling into question her ability to live and work in the United States. 
In their conversation, Mateo tells Scheer why she decided to become an activist and self-deport, knowing it was a risky move. She discusses why President Obama has been called by some “The Deporter-in-Chief,” and tells Scheer that whatever happens in the presidential election, immigrants will not forget the politicians who remained silent while Donald Trump insulted them. 
A rushed transcript follows. 
—Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly 
Robert Scheer: Hi. This is Robert Scheer. Welcome to another addition of Scheer Intelligence where the intelligence comes from my guests and in this case it is LIzbeth Mateo, a immigrant activist, who has had a rich history ever since she came into this country, dealing with immigration laws. She came in at the age of fourteen from Oaxaca, she went to local schools, graduated from Venice High School and actually, spent two years at Santa Monica College, where we are broadcasting from. Very proud alumni. Went on, then to Cal State-Northridge and another great local institution and then went up to Santa Clara College, a Jesuit institution in Silicon Valley and graduated from law school. 
All of which would now put her in position for a great career except there is a question about her documentation, which is actually the subject of this podcast. Everybody is now talking about immigration reform or getting rid of immigrants or what have you and there is a lot of hypocrisy around this issue but one of the bright spots, although maybe Elizabeth will disagree with me, is that at least here in the state of California, which has been ahead of the country, I think, on immigration reform as far as licenses. In one bill, Jerry Brown, our Governor, signed, you can actually get credentialed as a lawyer and function. 
Why don’t we begin with that? On the one hand, you represent the great achievement of the American melting pot. A person who did everything right and yet you could have been eligible for the Dream Act that Obama has proclaimed or seems to support. There is a bit of a mixed record there from Obama on this, which you can discuss, but you have a problem in your record in that you were an activist and one of your activist actions was to self-deport, so why don’t we talk about that. 
Lizbeth Mateo: Yes, first of all, thank you so much for inviting me, for having me here. I am essentially what a lot of people call a dreamer. I came to the US at a very young age. I went to high school, college in the area, I graduated from law school and yes, California has been, I think, at the forefront of immigrant rights issues for a long time. We are able to get in-state tuition, pay like everyone else who is a citizen. Also get certain financial aid and more recently, at least for me, the most crucial thing in my career is that I can actually get a license. I can take the Bar, get a license, and practice law. 
The issue is, now, I can’t work legally in the US. I don’t have a work permit because I do qualify, in my opinion, for deferred action for childhood arrivals or DACA as most people know it, which is a program that President Obama created in 2012. 
However, as part of my activism, I left the country in 2013, briefly, with two other young people and we joined a campaign called the Bring Them Home Campaign. We essentially met with other young people in Mexico who had been deported, who had left for family reasons, for other emergencies, who wanted to come home. We came back , the nine of us, we were named the Dream Nine and we presented ourselves at the border and asked the government to allow us to come home, which they did after seventeen days in detention and so, I went on to law school, thinking I am going to remain in this country, I have been allowed to come home and I am going to apply for DACA eventually, which I did, only to receive not one but two notices of intent to deny from the government citing that exit. That is what I am dealing with right now and that is what I am fighting for. 
Scheer: So this is a situation that a lot of people fall into. That something has gone array in their papers either because they were really great citizens, like you, activists to try to make the country better or they had some technical difficulty. 
Speaking as a lawyer, what can be done now, not just in your case, where do we stand on the immigration issue? I know the Democrats are saying they are great on it and they are getting a lot of votes based on that. They weren’t always great and the Republicans are being led by an out and out neo-fascist, Donald Trump, who wants to just blame, when he is not blaming Muslims, he wants to blame immigrants, undocumented immigrants, for all of our problems. Of course, they have nothing to do with it. We are in a weird place where the good people haven’t always been so good. 
Mateo: Yes, and that is a problem. Especially during this election that has been very negative, where immigrants have been described with some of the most horrible words but I think, at least for me, not so much from the stand point of a law graduate or a future lawyer, but more from the stand point of an immigrant and an organizer, I think that we need to be ready regardless of who becomes President. Even if it is Hilary Clinton. She is saying some great things about immigrants now but she hasn’t always been on our side. She was the first one to call for the deportation of minors, refugee children from Central America. She has agreed with the policies of President Obama to deport almost three million people at this point, 2.5 million people, including many of those refugee children, many of who are still in jails across the country at this point. 
To me, that is just unacceptable that in this country we put kids in jails, in prisons. I think whoever becomes President, we have to be ready to keep organizing like we have so far and that is part of the reason why I am speaking out on my case and why the government wants to deny me a benefit that, one, I qualify for and two, that I think I have worked very hard for and have, in many ways, earned through my activism, through my work in my personal life and that is the kind of message that I am trying to send to the community at this point. 
Scheer: You know, living here in Los Angeles and running into a lot of people, students of my own at USC and elsewhere who have questionable status, they are a little angry with Obama and some of them, my students, have called him the Deporter in Chief. 
Mateo: He is the President who has deported more undocumented immigrants in the history of this country and that is ... 
Scheer: More than any other President.",0
5344,Поражение под Алеппо стало концом «единого фронта» против Асада | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Сирия Как отмечает в своей новой статье пакистанский исследователь Салман Рафи, попытка контратаковать правительственные войска под Алеппо привела к тому, что войска боевиков были смяты и отброшены назад. Теперь окончание битвы за Алеппо уже не за горами, что сразу же отразилось на моральном состоянии противников Асада. Информационные агентства сообщили, что бойцы яро поддерживаемой Вашингтоном Свободной сирийской армии устроили бой с боевиками Джабхат Аль-Нусры за контроль над рядом пропускных пунктов на сирийско-турецкой границе. Более крупные бандформирования по всей Сирии начали поглощать мелкие, отбирая «их» земли и добычу, что в итоге приведет к коллапсу всех поддерживаемых Западом сил в Сирии. Автор отмечает, что та неясность, которая воцарилась после победы Дональда Трампа на президентских выборах, лишь ускоряет процесс разложения «оппозиционных сил». С полной версией статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
5345,US Military on Ground in Syria Training Opposition for Raqqa Operation,"0 9 0 0 The US is training Syrian opposition for the operation to retake Raqqa from Daesh terrorists. 
WASHINGTON(Sputnik) — US forces are on the ground in Syria, equipping, advising, and training Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and partners for the operation to isolate and then retake the Daesh stronghold of Raqqa, Coalition Commander Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend said at a briefing Wednesday. “I will not talk about locations where our US forces are in Syria but they are there,"" Townsend stated. ""They equip and train at various locations, and we have advise and assist teams that will accompany partner forces anywhere they fight Daesh."" © AFP 2016/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE US Soldier Uses Kalashnikov to Show Yezidis How to Repel Daesh in Sinjar (EXCLUSIVE VIDEO) On Tuesday, US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said that ""capable, motivated"" local Syrian forces would lead the offensive on the city.
Raqqa operation is expected to overlap with the offensive to retake Iraq's Mosul , according to the Defense Department. 
Daesh, which is outlawed in Russia and other countries, seized Mosul in 2014 and Raqqa in 2013 along with a number of other cities and towns in the two countries. ...",0
5346,Russell Brand Brilliantly Explains The Trump Election,". Russell Brand Brilliantly Explains The Trump Election The mixed reactions over the election results is certainly no secret. Some are terrified and devasta... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/russell-brand-brilliantly-explains.html The mixed reactions over the election results is certainly no secret. Some are terrified and devastated, others are joyous, feeling hopeful and are starting to think the elite lost some control on this one. Russell Brand had some rather interesting insight that resonated deeply with me as it’s precisely what I’ve been sharing since the night of the election: don’t lose hope. More on that below, but first please read this important perspective. The fact Trump ‘got in’ shows that, more than anything, people really want change. They are tired of the same old stuff, and enough was brought to the surface about how corrupt Hillary is that people wanted to try something different.During the tail end of election night, as social media lit up, I remember feeling that the election result and the Brexit result brought forth very similar reactions. Many did what the media told them to do and simply began calling out ‘the stupid people, racist people and uneducated people!’ But the truth is, we won’t see the world clearly with that worldview, we’re being challenged to expand our consciousness here and I for one believe that is our course of action. Bernie Blues All in hindsight! Although Bernie had the popular vote before, Hillary, the DNC and the media worked to knock him out. Now more than ever everyone wants Bernie back, and while people think it’s a mistake that he didn’t get in, it’s not. It’s perfect. because that’s what it took to get people to realize the system is rigged . You see, you can’t pick and choose when to say that ‘everything happens for a reason’ and that ‘everything is perfect’ and ‘consciousness creates reality’ etc. Those are universal truths that remain true regardless of what is taking place. When something doesn’t go our way we fall out of awareness and into ego. We begin burying ourselves in emotion. It would be better, instead, to accept what happened and begin asking why? And how? What can we learn from this and why did we co-create this reality? Think about it, what is more important given our incredibly messed up situation? Having another president we feel OK about or now having the world know that the elections are rigged? There is a corrupt elite running our world and that now sets the stage for discussion on where we can go from here. It is imperative that we come to terms with and understand our current state without turning a blind eye to what’s really going on. If we don’t do that, we won’t be able to come up with solutions that truly work. Shifting consciousness includes seeing things clearly and learning the lesson this cycle is trying to teach us. (...) What Now? So where do we go from here? What’s next? Well, the first step is to process the emotions and the fear that’s getting in the way of us seeing the truth. If we keep getting caught up in them, we’re only going to create even more problems — which is our choice. But ask yourself if you feel it’s necessary to do this given that a quick shift in awareness can help us see more clearly and help us begin a different set of discussions. The next step would be having the conversation about the elephant in the room: it’s troubling that after all these years, we still show up at the polling stations to vote for a system that doesn’t have the people’s interests in mind and that is only making things worse as each year goes by. With a shift in consciousness and awareness, we can start creating something new . By Joe Martino (excerpt)  ",0
5347,Barristers ‘Gaming System’ to Block Muslim Rape Gang Deportation,"Britain’s most senior immigration judge has slammed barristers who have blocked members of a Muslim rape gang being stripped of British citizenship, accusing them of playing the system as they earn substantial fees at the taxpayer’s expense. [The lawyers have been treating the immigration tribunal with “sustained and marked disrespect” and there have been “multiple recent examples of similar conduct and misconduct” Mr. Justice Bernard McCloskey said, according to The Telegraph.  The Rochdale gang was convicted in 2012 of preying on girls as young as 13 in the town, plying them with drink and drugs before they were “passed around” for sex. They are appealing against a decision made by then Home Secretary Theresa May to strip them of British citizenship as the first step towards deporting them. The case, which is being funded by legal aid, raises fears that dangerous criminals and their lawyers are   and obstructing the courts in an attempt to delay deportation from the UK for as long as possible. Gang ringleader Shabir Ahmed, 63, has already lost an appeal against his possible deportation in the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) during which he claimed his convictions were a conspiracy by police and members of the jury to “scapegoat” Muslims. Mr. Ahmed, who has been married three times and has five children, is being represented by barrister Rajiv Sharma. Three other men convicted of child sex offences in the same case, Abdul Aziz, Adil Khan and Qari Abdul Rauf, are represented by   immigration and human rights barrister Zainul Jafferji, and Burton  Burton Solicitors, a Nottingham firm headed by senior partner Mohammed Mahruf. All of the men making the appeal are originally from Pakistan. They hold dual citizenship, and will not be left stateless if they are stripped of British citizenship. In a damning ruling, Justice McCloskey said the men’s barristers and solicitors had failed to submit the necessary papers to the court and had repeatedly asked for adjournments. Tim Loughton MP, a member of the Home Affairs Select Committee, which has investigated delays in deportation cases, accused immigration lawyers of “playing the system” with some cases being spun out over months and even years. “We are seeing lawyers going through all sort of procedural measures to delay and delay on their client’s behalf,” he said. “In some cases the Home Office simply gives up and let these people go rather than incur any further expense in detaining them pending deportation. ”",0
5348,António Guterres Pledges to Help Vulnerable as Secretary General - The New York Times,"The Security Council on Thursday formally recommended António Guterres, a former prime minister of Portugal, to be the next Secretary General of the United Nations. The envoys representing the 15 members of the Council, including the five   permanent members, decided by acclamation in a   session to send Mr. Guterres’s name to the General Assembly for final approval. Speaking in Lisbon after the Council’s vote, Mr. Guterres said he accepted the endorsement with “gratitude and humility. ” The selection process was an “exemplary process of transparency and openness,” he said, and the willingness of the deeply divided Security Council’s to reach consensus over his nomination should serve as “a symbolic moment. ” He pledged to show “the humility that is needed to serve especially those that are most vulnerable,” victims of conflict, terrorism, human rights violations and poverty. Mr. Guterres, 67, who ran the United Nations refugee agency for 10 years, was the   among 13 candidates, including a record seven women. Two candidates had dropped out. Many veteran diplomats and   activists had hoped that the United Nations would be led by a woman for the first time in its   history. Mindful of the issue of gender equity, Mr. Guterres has promised parity in making appointments to senior posts, but has not been more specific about how he would advance the rights of women through the work of the organization. The   General Assembly is expected to approve Mr. Guterres’s appointment next week. If elected, he will succeed the current secretary general, Ban   whose second   term expires at the end of this year.",0
5349,Rosneft baut ehemalige Romanow-Residenz wieder auf,"Rosneft baut ehemalige Romanow-Residenz wieder auf 28. Oktober 2016 TASS Der Ropschinski-Palast ist Teil des Unesco-Weltkulturerbes, aber in einem schlechten Zustand. Nun soll der Ölkonzern Rosneft das Gelände mieten und die Anlagen restaurieren. Facebook romanows , öl und gas Trotz der Tatsache, dass das Palast-Park-Ensemble in Ropscha seit 1990 auf der Liste des Unesco-Weltkulturerbes steht und ein Denkmal von föderaler Bedeutung ist, handelt es sich bei einem Großteil der Objekte um Ruinen. Quelle:Lori/Legion-Media 
Am Dienstag teilte Russlands Kulturminister Wladimir Medinski mit, dass der Ropschinski-Palast bei Sankt Petersburg für 99 Jahre an den Ölkonzern Rosneft vermietet werden könnte. Das Unternehmen wolle das zerstörte Denkmal restaurieren und Touristen Zutritt zur Hofanlage gewähren. Der Palast hat eine bewegte Geschichte 
Das Park-Palast-Ensemble Ropschinski ist eine ehemalige Romanow-Residenz. Foto: Archivbild 
Das Park-Palast-Ensemble Ropschinski ist ein architektonisches Denkmal aus dem 18. Jahrhundert und eine ehemalige Romanow-Residenz. Die Hofanlage wurde auf Anordnung Peters des Großen erbaut und sollte an den Erholungsort Karlsbad (Karlovy Vary, Tschechische Republik) erinnern. Unter Kaiserin Elisabeth und nach Entwürfen des italienischen Architekten Bartolomeo Rastrelli wurde schließlich ein zweistöckiger Palast mit einer großen Parkanlage gebaut. 
Nach der Palastrevolution wurde der gestürzte Peter III. in die Anlage gebracht. Er verstarb unter ungeklärten Umständen. Nach der Oktoberrevolution wurde der Palast schließlich verstaatlicht. Das Hofgelände diente als Standort für die Fisch-, Vieh- und Vogelzucht sowie weitere Betriebe. 
Im Jahr 1944 wurde der Palast von den sich zurückziehenden deutschen Truppen in Brand gesetzt. Nach dem Krieg wurde das Anwesen restauriert. Es beherbergte eine Flugeinheit und später ein Bataillon der chemischen Abwehr des Militärbezirks Leningrad. 
In den 1960er-Jahren wurde der Palast unter staatlichen Schutz gestellt, Ende der 1970er-Jahre wurde er stillgelegt. Welche Summen sind für den Wiederaufbau nötig? Kommersant",0
5350,An Architect Who Built His Career on Resuscitating New York Landmarks - The New York Times,"Grand Central Terminal, the main building on Ellis Island and the Enid A. Haupt Conservatory at the New York Botanical Garden  —   all among the greatest New York City landmarks  —   look better today than they have since their earliest years. Many hands were responsible. John Belle was the common denominator. Mr. Belle, the retired founding partner of Beyer Blinder Belle, an architectural and planning firm that has specialized in preservation, restoration and contextual design, died last week at 84. With his death, the city has lost an architect who conveyed a genial joy in resuscitating the masterworks of his predecessors. That made him an appealingly modest figure in a room full of big architectural egos, since he was at his best when his own interventions were least obvious. New York has also lost a link to the intellectual crucible of the 1960s, when Jane Jacobs and others demanded that architects stop obliterating the past and, instead, take time to understand the many ways in which people were well served by older buildings and neighborhoods. “Preservation is one of the highest forms of good citizenship,” Mr. Belle said on his firm’s website. “As a witness to the aftermath of the urban renewal movement in New York, I was determined to find a different way. ” For her part, Ms. Jacobs held Beyer Blinder Belle in high regard. “They were looking at the fabric of the community,” she said in an interview in 1998. “That was very welcome and very exciting, that there were professionals who were, at last, doing that. ” She added: “A community can’t just come by waving a wand. It has history. History was, to the modernists, an enemy. So this was a very radical realization. And an important one. ” John Belle was born on June 30, 1932, in Cardiff, Wales. His father, Arthur, was a clerk at a Lyons tea shop in Cardiff. His mother, Gladys, was a housewife. Mr. Belle received diplomas from the Portsmouth School of Architecture in England and the Architectural Association in London before moving to the United States in 1959. Once in America, Mr. Belle worked for Josep Lluís Sert and Victor Gruen before starting his own firm in 1968 with Richard L. Blinder and John H. Beyer. Mr. Blinder died in 2006. Mr. Beyer is still active. Mr. Belle’s early work included community planning projects in Manhattan. With the addition of James Marston Fitch to the practice in 1979, Beyer Blinder Belle began moving to the forefront of   architecture. The firm attracted wide attention in 1990 with its renovation and restoration of the abandoned Ellis Island immigration station into the Ellis Island National Museum of Immigration. The vaulted ceiling in the former Registry Room, made of 28, 258 Guastavino tiles, was cleaned until it looked  —   as Mr. Belle aptly put it  —   like   . Where modern interventions were needed, they were made as inconspicuous and respectful as possible. When the Haupt Conservatory at the botanical garden in the Bronx was restored in 1997, Herbert Muschamp, who was then the architecture critic at The New York Times, said it could “once again hold its sparkling glass head up high amid the great architectural symbols of New York. ” Though critics have faulted Beyer Blinder Belle’s conservatism, it is worth recalling that the firm was associated in 1998 with the daring architect Santiago Calatrava in what proved to be a losing bid to redesign the James A. Farley Building, also known as the General Post Office, as a Pennsylvania Station annex. Penn Station was not where Mr. Belle was to win his greatest renown. That was at Grand Central. You almost had to have been there in the 1970s and ’80s to believe how far the   terminal had fallen into decrepitude, even after its status as a landmark was upheld by the United States Supreme Court in 1978. Travelers shared Grand Central with a large homeless population. “The building was divided into turf claimed by different drug dealers,” Mr. Belle and Maxinne R. Leighton wrote in “Grand Central: Gateway to a Million Lives. ” “Commuters were scared to take trains there at night. Parents warned their children not to use the dangerous bathrooms. ” In 1990, a design and engineering consortium led by Beyer Blinder Belle began work. Their strategic first strike was to demolish a billboard called the Kodak Colorama, which had blocked daylight into the main concourse for 40 years. “It was as if life were being breathed back into the building,” Mr. Belle and Ms. Leighton wrote. “Many commuters stopped in their tracks, speechless and amazed at the change that had so instantly brought back the majesty of the space. ” Their astonishment increased as the concourse ceiling was cleaned by workers on a scaffold that was rolled slowly through the room over a   period. The mud brown sky turned a startling teal, with stars, constellations and zodiac signs popping out in   contrast. Besides restoring the past, Beyer Blinder Belle made fundamental changes, too, starting with the construction of an entirely new marble staircase to the east balcony. It echoed, but did not replicate, the ornate western staircase. Some preservationists hated the idea. But the firm prevailed before city and state preservation agencies after it uncovered a plan by the original architects, Warren  Wetmore, that showed a staircase to the east balcony. That proved, Mr. Belle and Ms. Leighton wrote, that the idea “was not an   ploy to have our personal imprint on the building, but that in fact our goal was to complete the original design. ” Mr. Muschamp, the architecture critic, approved. “The new eastern staircase, which threatened to diminish the room’s amplitude, has the opposite effect of magnifying it,” he wrote in 1998, as the $425 million renovation neared completion. He continued, “Even more impressive is the uncovering of the ramps, located just behind the ticket windows, that lead down to the lower level and its fabled Oyster Bar. ” “Beyer Blinder Belle’s greatest accomplishment,” Mr. Muschamp said, “has been to reveal that Grand Central is above all a monument to movement. ” Mr. Belle’s first wife, Wendy Adams Belle, an artist and teacher, died in 1974. His second wife, Anne Belle, a documentary filmmaker, died in 2003. He died on Thursday in Remsenburg, N. Y. where he had a home. He also lived in Manhattan. The cause was Lewy body disease, said his son David Belle, who survives him, along with another son, Sebastian three daughters, Amelia, Fenella and Antonia Chapman and eight grandchildren. Mr. Belle knew his work would never fully be done. “The act of restoring a building to its original state is only half the battle,” he and Ms. Leighton wrote. “The other half is to guard against its denigration throughout its future existence. ”",0
5351,The Other Trump - The New York Times,"Like place cards at a society wedding or the lineup at a Soviet May Day parade, the seating at a campaign event is a GPS map of rank and favor. At the first presidential debate at Hofstra University on Monday night, Bill and Chelsea Clinton, along with Chelsea’s husband, Marc Mezvinsky, were on one side of the room the extended Trump clan on the other. Ivanka Trump, 34, was, as usual, first among equals in a petal pink dress that drew focus from Melania’s slinky black, followed by Ivanka’s two adult brothers, Donald Jr. 38, and Eric, 32. But from a select position on the aisle, Tiffany Trump, 22, elegant in a navy sheath with lace décolletage, beamed up at the stage  —   for once distinctly visible to her father at the podium and to the world. For much of the campaign, except for a brief speech at the Republican National Convention, Tiffany  —   Donald J. Trump’s daughter with his former wife Marla Maples  —   has been the   Trump, off to the side in family photos and missing from the campaign trail and that   spooky ad aimed at the millennial vote. She was left out of the biographical documentary of Mr. Trump shown at that convention and was unmentioned in news articles that detail the advice his three older children are doling out as the race gets tighter. When Greta van Susteren did a   special on the Trump family on Fox News this summer, “Meet the Trumps,” with    interviews with Melania, Ivanka and his two adult sons, the only reference to their missing half sister was, “There is also Tiffany Trump, who keeps a low profile. ” Gossip columns have called her the Jan Brady of the Trump family. As the campaign grapples with the   firestorm Mr. Trump started by   a former Miss Universe, his youngest daughter may be around a lot more. He could use an extra young woman in his corner. Mr. Trump’s team appears to be grooming Tiffany  —   gingerly  —   to pitch in on the campaign trail in the coming weeks, particularly with millennials. Her Instagram feed, which in the past was dotted with party shots of her and a group of close friends who have been called the “Snap Pack,” has been cleaned up, and her Twitter account largely restricted to campaign photos and a   pitch by Tiffany, and steering clear of any   controversies. (Though Tiffany was called out this week by Jing Daily, a Chinese luxury goods trade website, because at the debate she wore a dress by a young Chinese designer, Taoray Wang, while her father was on stage bashing China.) Tiffany, according to her mother, has felt wounded by the media depictions of her as the forgotten Trump and is eager to help out on her father’s campaign as it heads into its final six weeks. “She’d like to get to know her father better and spend time with him like his other children did: by going to his office and watching him work,” Ms. Maples said in a recent phone interview. “Only now, he’s not in the office anymore. He’s on the campaign trail. ” Ms. Maples raised Tiffany as a single mother in Los Angeles and now lives about a mile from her only daughter in Manhattan. Tiffany seems intent on living up to Mr. Trump’s expectations. And like her older half sister, Ivanka, Tiffany reflects well on her father and mirrors his idealized  . The real estate developer is the first to admit he was not exactly a helicopter parent. Instead, Mr. Trump raised helicopter offspring: adult children who hover, dote and praise unstintingly. It’s possible Mr. Trump won his children’s allegiance by following the French theory of child rearing, expounded in “Bringing Up Bébé” and other   books that recommend strict rules and restrained doses of attention. Then again, there is an even larger body of literature about the narcissistic parent. “Tiffany has always been a very special person, very confident, very driven, always the hardest worker and not bashful about it,” Ivanka, 34, said in a phone interview. “A lot of people are happy to get by without doing a lot of work, or work hard and pretend they don’t. She is proud of her work. ” Like Ivanka, Tiffany went to her father’s alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania likes fashion and is dating someone whose family is in real estate: Ross Mechanic, a senior at Penn, the son of Jonathan Mechanic, a real estate attorney. (Ivanka is married to the real estate scion Jared Kushner.) Tiffany Trump attended a private school in Calabasas, Calif. alongside the Kardashians but without close contact with her father. “I had the blessing of raising her pretty much on my own,” Ms. Maples said. There, the Trump name wasn’t as well known as it is in New York, and Tiffany was shielded from the kind of tabloid attention that dogged his older children during their parents’ sensational divorce. Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric are from Mr. Trump’s first marriage to the   Ivana Barron, 10, is his son with his wife Melania. Like her older siblings, Tiffany spoke with aplomb on her father’s behalf at the Republican Convention in Cleveland, describing him as her mentor, her role model and a caring, attentive parent. Like them, Tiffany didn’t give many concrete examples. She said she saved all her report cards because she treasured the “sweet notes” he wrote on them, even though more often it’s the parent who holds on to memorabilia. She recalled that when a beloved relative died (her grandmother’s fiancé) he was the first to phone her. Apparently, the telephone is the paternal umbilical cord when growing up Trump. In interviews and digital campaign ads, Ivanka, Don Jr. and Tiffany describe how engaged and loving their powerful, busy father was by saying he always accepted their calls at the office. To outsiders, however, that may seem faint praise given Mr. Trump’s lifelong alacrity for getting on the phone with reporters. Ms. Maples said that when Mr. Trump called to console Tiffany about the death in the Maples family and invited his grieving daughter to visit him in New York, she urged Tiffany to go. “It gave him a chance to see her as a real person and not just a happy, smiling little girl,” she said. Mr. Trump takes credit for his children’s sunny devotion. “I’ve always been a very good father,” he told Anderson Cooper in a Trump family interview this summer on CNN. “They come to me, friends of mine, very successful people, and their children have problems with drugs and problems with alcohol and problems with a lot of things, and they say: ‘Could you speak to my son? Could you speak to my daughter?’ And I’m always very honored to do that. ” When asked to describe his youngest daughter, Mr. Trump replied by email: “Tiffany is a tremendous young woman with a big and beautiful heart. She was always a great student and a very popular person no matter where she went. I am incredibly proud of Tiffany and how well she has done.  —   DJT. ” (Tiffany did not consent to be interviewed for this article, although she did pose for its photo shoot. Instead, the campaign delivered a list of approved contacts. Other family friends who were not on the list said they were instructed not to speak without authorization.) Outside acquaintances echo that she is more serious than she looks on social media. “She didn’t seem like a party girl at all,” Carson Griffith, a writer who followed the Snap Pack around the Hamptons in 2015 for Du Jour magazine. (Ms. Griffith also occasionally writes for The New York Times.) “She stayed in the city Friday night to finish a paper, and I never saw her drink a glass of wine. ” Ms. Griffith was impressed by Tiffany’s good manners: “When I would ask about her, she would say: ‘How about you? What’s your job like? ’” Tiffany’s vacations were mostly spent on trips with her mother  —   a mix of fun   getaways and   tours overseas, like handing out vitamin C pops at an orphanage in Malawi. A bodyguard went with her on visits to her Georgia relatives, but otherwise she blended easily in her mother’s small hometown. Sometimes, her celebrity status poked through. Recalling a party for    Janice Kiker, a close family friend in Dalton, Ga. said: “Tiffany showed up in a faded,   tutu. I was shocked. ” She added with a laugh: “Then someone told me it had belonged to Shirley Temple. I said, ‘Never mind. ’” Lara Trump, who is married to Eric, said Mr. Trump is close to all his children. “I was struck when I first came into this family how much he is their dad,” she said by phone while campaigning for her    in Columbus, Ohio. “In public, he’s a performer. Behind closed doors, he is polite and respectful and wants to hear from other people,” Lara Trump said. She noted that Mr. Trump and Tiffany have a “fun and loving relationship” and that “he is very proud of her. ” Some observers have a less benign view of Mr. Trump’s rapport with his children. “I can say with real confidence that he spent virtually no time with them when they were young,” said Tony Schwartz, who shadowed the real estate developer for 18 months to ghostwrite Mr. Trump’s 1987 best seller, “Trump: The Art of The Deal. ” Mr. Schwartz said in a recent article in The New Yorker that he now regrets the book and his role in promoting Mr. Trump. “On the rare times Ivana brought one or two of the children to his office, he couldn’t have been less interested,” Mr. Schwartz said. That wasn’t entirely true with Tiffany, Ms. Maples said. When Tiffany was a baby at    he would occasionally snatch her up and carry her as he talked to electricians and carpenters building a club health spa. Tiffany was too young to remember. “I kept pictures for her to prove it,” her mother said. (She also confirmed that Tiffany was named for one of Mr. Trump’s favorite deals: the air rights he bought above the landmark store to build Trump Tower.) Growing up, Tiffany mostly saw her father on spring break at    though Mr. Trump visited her on occasion as well. “Whenever Tiffany got an award, he would fly to California to see her get it,” Mrs. Kiker said. As a teenager, Tiffany seemed interested in having a show business career like her mother. She took acting lessons with her mother’s coach, and in 2011 she recorded a pop song, “Like a Bird. ” College brought Tiffany closer to her father  —   and her half sister. Ivanka arranged for her to have a summer internship at Vogue. After graduating last June, Tiffany spent her summer months on a paid internship in communications at Warby Parker, the eyewear company, and is studying to take the law school entrance exams. Tiffany seems intent on staying close to her centripetal father. “Law school completely makes sense,” said Lara Maggs, a close friend from Penn. Ms. Maggs described “Tiff” as a study grind who is driven to prove herself. “A law degree would bring added value to a really accomplished family,” she said. The Trump children aren’t the only famous scions with a rich, successful parent. Chelsea Clinton is also enmeshed in the family business. “There are instances where demonstrating family loyalty  —   family love  —   means upholding a core identity around wealth,” said Jamie Johnson, a filmmaker and heir to the Johnson  Johnson fortune, who made “Born Rich,” a 2003 documentary about his cohorts, including Ivanka. “The more public the family, the greater the emotional responsibility to uphold the public image,” Mr. Johnson said. Donald Jr. and Ivanka Trump are not only consiglieri in their father’s company and his campaign, they were regulars on “The Apprentice” and stressed how hard they had to work in business to earn their father’s trust. They were privileged, but not spoiled or entitled, Ivanka said. Certainly, compared to some of their more dissipated, profligate peers in the top 0. 01 percent, the Trump children are remarkably on message. In that family interview with Anderson Cooper, Tiffany batted back a suggestion that her father was condescending and even insulting to women. “He has the utmost faith that we can accomplish whatever we set our minds to,” she said, speaking of Ivanka and herself, “just as well as men, if not more so. ” Even Mr. Trump wasn’t always sure his children would flourish under his oversize shadow. “Statistically, my children have a very bad shot,” Mr. Trump told Playboy in 1990. “Children of successful people are generally very, very troubled, not successful. ” There are not many hints of dissent or rebellion in the pack. After Mr. Trump left Ivana for Ms. Maples, Don Jr. didn’t speak to his father for a period of time. Now, if anything, Don Jr. models himself a little too closely to his father: He posts recklessly on Twitter on Mr. Trump’s behalf, most recently comparing Middle Eastern refugees to Skittles candy. Tiffany’s friends say that she doesn’t take her father’s wealth for granted, despite some   social media posts from a year ago. (One is a   of a bowl of caviar.) “Unless she’s with her dad, she’s happy to fly coach,” said Lara Maggs, her friend from Penn. “When we flew together from Philly, we were in the middle seats at the back of the plane. ” She said that the day before Tiffany flew to the convention, she bought the blue dress she wore for her speech at Bloomingdale’s off a sales rack. Ivanka said she didn’t want to expose her little sister to the klieg lights of the presidential campaign before she is ready. “She will not do it if she is not comfortable with it,” she said. “Nobody is pushing her. ” She added, indignantly, “People refer to us as surrogates, but we are his children. ”",0
5352,Chairman of House Media Fairness Caucus: Fake News Is a ‘Threat to Our Democracy’ - Breitbart,"Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) spoke with Breitbart News’ Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 on Saturday about the media bias that’s reached unprecedented levels since President Donald Trump was elected and poses a risk to the democracy it is tasked to protect. [“I think the media bias today is a threat to our democracy for this reason,” said Smith, who is the chairman of the House Media Fairness Caucus. “If the American people don’t get the facts then they can’t make good decisions.  “And if the American people can’t make good decisions because they’re not getting the facts then I think that is a threat to democracy,” Smith said. Smith said the “  mainstream media” is not only replacing facts with opinion but “invective and venomous opinions” when it comes to reporting on Trump. During the interview, Smith cited a number of polls that show clear media bias, including a   poll conducted in May that shows the majority of Americans  —   or 65 percent  —   believe the media publishes “fake news. ” Smith also said that the media has an “incredible responsibility” to provide accurate news and that the “constant barrage of personal attacks” on the president and Republicans can contribute to individuals acting irrationally as was the case this past week when a shooter opened fire on GOP lawmakers and staff at a baseball practice in Alexandria, VA. The gunman,    James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois who supported Sen. Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign and posted   messages on social media, died from his injuries after Capitol Police on security detail for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) engaged him in a gun battle. Scalise remains in critical condition following multiple surgeries for his injuries. “I’ve never seen before in my 35 years of involvement in politics, and quite frankly this amount of venom contributes to  —   I’m not saying it’s the only reason  —   but it does contribute to an environment of hatred and violence and we shouldn’t be surprised I think if it does have an impact,” Smith said. Smith also said that the media clearly did not expect Trump to win the presidency and that it was a “shock to their system. ” “But that’s still no excuse for the amount of bias we’re seeing,” Smith said. When Boyle asked Smith what Americans should do to fight media bias, he said people should speak out. “The most important thing that we can do to counter the media’s bias, quite frankly, is to speak out against it,” Smith said, adding that he is not advocating censorship but encouraging people to write to their representatives in Congress and to write letters to the editors of their local newspaper. “The mistake we make overall is letting the media tell us what to think,” Smith said. “We’ve got make sure that we warn the American people to not let the liberal media tell them what to think. ”",0
5353,The Deep State Is Split on Killery,"Zero Hedge November 1, 2016 
With both Harry Reid and Hillary Clinton voicing extreme accusations of violating federal law against FBI Director Comey’s decision to be transparent about his investigation into Clinton’s emails, it appears President Obama is having none of it. As White House spokesman Josh Earnest stated: “President Obama doesn’t think Comey is trying to influence the election.” 
Senate minority leader Harry Reid claiming Comey may have violated federal law… 
“I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,” Reid wrote in a letter to Comey, according to the Wall Street Journal. 
The Hatch act prohibits government officials from using their positions to influence an election. 
“Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.” 
“When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant,” Reid wrote. 
“With the deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong.” 
But, President Obama has now crushed that narrative: 
John Earnest explains: 
“President Obama doesn’t think Comey tried to influence the election.” 
“Obama still believes Comey has “good character”” 
“Obama has a lot of confidence in AG Loretta Lynch” 
Which, roughly translated into images is this… 

Furthermore, as we noted last night , Harry Reid had suggested that ” talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey “possesses explosive information” about Trump’s ties to Russia.” 
That has also been completely rebuffed as The White House says it “has not been briefed on the existence of any FBI investigation on activities, habts of Donald Trump.” 
So more lies?!",0
5354,FACEBOOK SAYS USERS CAN’T STOP IT FROM USING BIOMETRIC DATA,"Home › BIG BROTHER › FACEBOOK SAYS USERS CAN’T STOP IT FROM USING BIOMETRIC DATA FACEBOOK SAYS USERS CAN’T STOP IT FROM USING BIOMETRIC DATA 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] Facebook Inc.’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying to block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google hasn’t responded to requests for comment (Scroll down for a closer look at the court cases) . 
Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users’ personal information from e-mails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed. 
This year, the U.S. Supreme Court set a “concrete injury” standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing Thursday in San Francisco over Facebook’s bid to dismiss the biometrics case. 
Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can’t apply outside the state under the Constitution’s interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn’t regulate photos. 
Facebook encourages users to “tag” people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
While those types of information are mutable—even Social Security numbers can be changed—biometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. 
“Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people,” such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, who isn’t involved in the case. Facebook has “cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database,” he said. Post navigation",0
5355,Who Tossed On the First Tinsel? Two Baltic Capitals Disagree - The New York Times,"RIGA, Latvia  —   In the Baltics, there may be no war on Christmas but there’s a pretty prickly one over the tree. For six successive seasons, Riga and Tallinn  —   the capitals of Latvia and Estonia  —   have waged a feud over which was the site of the world’s first decorated Christmas tree. Riga says it was first, in 1510. Tallinn claims a much earlier event, in 1441. More than civic pride is at stake.   travel has become extremely lucrative, especially in the   north, where there are no swaying palms to lure the  . And this year, the rivalry has taken on both an added urgency and a darker tinge. Simmering tensions between Russia and NATO and the faltering Russian economy have squeezed tourist traffic from what had been a prime source of vacationers. And the deadly attack on Berlin’s Christmas market this week has raised fears that holiday markets, in general, may see fewer customers for their hot spiced wine and sugary treats. The Christmas tree spat began in 2010, when Latvians started an advertising campaign that claimed that Riga was the first, citing 1510 as the year when a mysterious and rambunctious medieval brotherhood known as the House of the Black Heads paraded through Riga carrying a constructed replica of a tree. They decorated it with fruits and candles, danced around it and then, a few days later, burned it to the ground. Hold on a second, responded the Estonians. They produced evidence that they claim showed that a similar festival had taken place at yet another lodge of the Black Heads, this one in Tallinn in 1441. And their festival, Estonians claim, involved a real tree. In fact, said the historian Juri Kuuskemaa, “we can be sure it was a spruce. ” Riga’s mayor, Nils Usakovs, countered that claim by saying that the Estonians employ   tactics when it comes to the invention of the Christmas tree. It’s an unusual war, fought with ornaments and historians. “Cities like Berlin had to wait until the 18th century before the first recorded public use of a Christmas tree,” sniffed Mr. Kuuskemaa, 74, who is also the official Herald of Tallinn, a ceremonial position for which he often dons period garb. “And for Paris and London, it didn’t happen until the 19th century. Tallinn and Riga did it centuries before all the great metropolises of Europe. ” Whizzing round the capital the week before Christmas, Mayor Usakovs has taken on the work ethic of an elf. At the foot of a former landfill site that is being converted into a miniature ski resort, Mr. Usakovs lit his 48th Christmas tree of the season. He said the Christmas tree conflict, in reality, had reached a bit of a historical stalemate, as there was not enough contextual evidence to say for certain which city came first. But he doesn’t care. “Any time they say they were first, they have to mention also our city,” he said. “Tourists from Germany or Belgium or Russia don’t care for historical truth they care about cities with fancy Christmas trees, fancy Christmas markets. And when they read that there is also this battle between Tallinn and Riga  —   it’s fun!” Nearly 200 miles north, in Tallinn, the chairman of the Estonian Parliament’s defense committee, Hannes Hanso, stood beside the official parliamentary tree and declared that he took a policy of total nonrecognition when it came to Riga’s claims. “I didn’t know Latvia had any claim to the first Christmas tree,” he said with mock incredulity. Mr. Hanso also reminded Latvians not to get any ideas about who has the highest mountain either, as Estonia’s Big Egg Mountain, at 1, 043 feet, was clearly higher than Latvia’s Gaizinkalns, which reaches to a mere 1, 024 feet. Deployments of elves and reindeer have become the important weapons for Baltic nations to keep tourism levels steady over an otherwise dead season. It is especially important for Latvia and Estonia where, according to the World Travel and Tourism Council, tourism’s direct contribution to gross domestic product is twice as big as it is in Lithuania, the southernmost Baltic state. In 2015, in Lithuania it amounted to 1. 7 percent, whereas in Latvia and Estonia it was 4. 1 percent and 3. 9 percent. With the weak ruble keeping many Russian tourists at home, Christmas profits are even more under threat. The Russian Orthodox Church celebrates the birth of Jesus in early January, so the holiday markets could stay open for weeks longer and still find eager crowds. Mariann Lugus, secretary general of the Estonian Travel and Tourism Association, said that Estonia had detected a dip in the number of Russian tourists in January 2014. A year later, though, after the Russian seizure of Crimea and the imposition of international sanctions, Russian tourism plummeted. Only about half as many Russians visited that January. Latvia, for some reason, has not experienced similar drops. “We don’t know why that is,” said Irena Riekstina, secretary general of the Association of Latvian Travel Agents and Tour Operators. “This is probably going to happen at some point and we need to prepare for this. ” Maximilien Lejeune, executive director at European Best Destinations, a travel website, said that the Christmas tree war could end up attracting even more visitors to both cities as they compete for other popular Christmas season destinations like Lapland and Norway  —   especially if tourists become nervous about attending holiday markets in cities that have experienced terrorist attacks. Keen to compete is Remigijus Simasius, the mayor of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania. Though his city has no claim to the first Christmas tree, he hopes to compete with even larger and more elaborate presentations. He threw down the gauntlet this year with a towering tree adorned with 50, 000 bulbs, which drew wide acclaim. His tree provoked rebukes from Russia, though, where several articles accused the Lithuanians of copying the tree’s design from a smaller one in Moscow’s Red Square. Lithuania may have no claim to the first Christmas tree, Mr. Simasius said in his annual Christmas speech, but it was important to think in broader terms. “We are part of the Baltic Sea region, and we are happy that this tradition is born in our region,” he said. Mr. Lejeune said that “in troubled times, people like to have landmarks,” and that’s what European holiday markets have become. “People also like to escape when the news makes them afraid,” he said. “That’s why magic movies have such success in cinemas. The Christmas markets also allow people to escape a bit from reality. ” But not everyone is in the Christmas spirit. Gustavs Strenga, an archivist and historian at the National Library of Latvia, said that both Riga and Tallinn were guilty of making creative leaps with their historical interpretations. Actually, he said, those   celebrations by the Black Heads had nothing to do with Christmas and were connected to other festivities the brotherhood celebrated. Looking down at his coffee cup, Mr. Strenga admitted that his skeptical position had not gone down well in Latvia. “I’ve been called the Grinch,” he said.",0
5356,Small Rhode Island Suddenly Has Big Role in Presidential Primaries - The New York Times,"WARWICK, R. I.  —   Most years, the presidential primary here is a   affair, with candidates racing past the state like motorists taking the shortest route from Boston to New York. But this unpredictable election season has turned even Rhode Island’s late primary and paltry pile of delegates into a valued prize, putting this small state into the primary spotlight before its vote Tuesday. “For the first time in a very long time,” Larry Berman, an aide to the state’s House speaker, said merrily, “Rhode Island’s primary actually matters. ” Campaigns of yore would be forgiven for paying little attention to Rhode Island, which has 33 Democratic delegates and just 19 on the Republican side. Charles Bullock, a professor of political science at the University of Georgia, said Rhode Island tended to play a significant role in the primary season only in close contests like the one in 1976 between Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford, or in 2008, when Hillary Clinton was trying to make up ground lost to Barack Obama. But, Professor Bullock said, with Donald J. Trump “trying to get to 1, 237 on the Republican side, then getting 19 may be important. ” On the Democratic side, he said, “Bernie Sanders needs to get everything he possibly can. ” Both Mrs. Clinton and Gov. John Kasich visited the state on Saturday, Mr. Sanders held a rally in Providence on Sunday morning and Mr. Trump scheduled an event for Monday, delighting the politically minded in a state accustomed to observer status in presidential politics (and other things, too). “Usually the die has been cast, and it’s just really a formality,” said Bob Durant, 51, a lawyer who was making phone calls at Mr. Kasich’s campaign headquarters here last week. But this year, with candidates still scrapping for delegates, “literally every vote will count,” Mr. Durant said. A contested presidential primary in Rhode Island  —   a compact state that, with about one million people, has the population of a large city  —   is by necessity a cozy affair. “The circle of leaders in Rhode Island is very small, very active  —   and absolutely everyone knows everyone else,” said James A. Morone, the director of the Taubman Center for American Politics and Policy at Brown University. “It’s like a big Italian family. ” The campaigns for all three remaining Republican candidates, for example, are working out of the same shopping plaza: A strip mall between an airport and a clotted main road here in   Warwick. One afternoon last week, people were assembling signs in Mr. Trump’s campaign office, decked out with a cardboard cutout of the candidate with a bald eagle. Several doors away, volunteers for Senator Ted Cruz were readying mailers, and, on another side of the plaza, a handful of volunteers were making phone calls for Mr. Kasich. Jean Hudson, 65, stood in the parking lot in the middle of it all, and said she was delighted that the uptick in political significance had finally gotten her home state coverage on Fox News, her cable news network of choice. “I hear our name mentioned more than usual,” Ms. Hudson said, giddily. “Even when we have hurricanes and storms they talk about Mass. and Connecticut, never Rhode Island. It’s like we don’t exist. ” The state’s Democratic establishment has thrown its weight for the most part behind Mrs. Clinton  —   and that, too, has come with a Lil’ Rhody touch. When Bill Clinton was campaigning last week, also here in Warwick, the state’s speaker of the House, Nicholas A. Mattiello, called ahead to a pizzeria in nearby Cranston to make sure there would be vegan food for the former president, now herbivore in chief. Even Mr. Morone has found himself fielding questions on the primary from strangers who recognize him from his television appearances. It is not an entirely uncommon occurrence in such a small state, although Mr. Morone is more accustomed to being asked about local races than national ones. “I walked into the train station this morning and I had someone come up to me and say, ‘What’s going on? Who’s going to win Rhode Island?’ And I just usually don’t get that kind of stuff,” Mr. Morone said. The primary here could provide observers with valuable information about the dynamics of the race because, Mr. Morone said, Rhode Island is demographically similar to Massachusetts, where Mr. Trump pulled off a landslide victory in March. So, Tuesday’s primary  —   one of five on the East Coast  —   will be another test of his popularity in a state with a large portion of white, independent or   voters. “It’s a very good measure of what’s happened to the Trump campaign as he’s taken this kind of withering attack that he’s been under,” Mr. Morone said. The Democratic Party’s candidate has won Rhode Island in nine of the past 10 presidential general elections (Ronald Reagan’s 1984   victory being the exception). Wendy Schiller, a   professor at Brown, described Rhode Island as a “union,      Democratic state”  —   but one where Mr. Trump could appeal to voters. “If Trump does really well here,” she said, “if Hillary Clinton loses here to Bernie Sanders, it really does suggest a way in which the Trump campaign can try to peel off a chunk of Democratic voters in November. ” Punditry aside, some Rhode Islanders are simply trying to have some fun with their moment in the presidential spotlight. Take Denise Rachiele, who was surprised to see a presidential campaign office  —   Mr. Trump’s  —   pop up a few doors down from her pet store, All About Pets. Now, her windows are decorated with fake campaign posters for her cat, Stump. “He felt he was more qualified, or at least as qualified, as Mr. Trump,” joked Ms. Rachiele, who said she had not decided whom she would support on Tuesday.",0
5357,"Donald Trump’s Draft Deferments: Four for College, One for Bad Feet - The New York Times","Back in 1968, at the age of 22, Donald J. Trump seemed the picture of health. He stood 6 feet 2 inches with an athletic build had played football, tennis and squash and was taking up golf. His medical history was unblemished, aside from a routine appendectomy when he was 10. But after he graduated from college in the spring of 1968, making him eligible to be drafted and sent to Vietnam, he received a diagnosis that would change his path: bone spurs in his heels. The diagnosis resulted in a coveted   medical deferment that fall, exempting him from military service as the United States was undertaking huge troop deployments to Southeast Asia, inducting about 300, 000 men into the military that year. The deferment was one of five Mr. Trump received during Vietnam. The others were for education. His experience during the era is drawing new scrutiny after the Muslim American parents of a soldier who was killed in Iraq publicly questioned whether Mr. Trump had ever sacrificed for his country. In an emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention last week, the soldier’s father, Khizr Khan, directly addressed Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, saying, “You have sacrificed nothing and no one. ” Mr. Trump’s public statements about his draft experience sometimes conflict with his Selective Service records, and he is often hazy in recalling details. In an interview with The New York Times last month, Mr. Trump said the bone spurs had been “temporary”  —   a “minor” malady that had not had a meaningful impact on him. He said he had visited a doctor who provided him a letter for draft officials, who granted him the medical exemption. He could not remember the doctor’s name. “I had a doctor that gave me a letter  —   a very strong letter on the heels,” Mr. Trump said in the interview. Asked to provide The Times with a copy of the letter, which he had obtained after his fourth student deferment, Mr. Trump said he would have to look for it. A spokeswoman later did not respond to repeated requests for copies of it. The Selective Service records that remain in the National Archives  —   many have been discarded  —   do not specify what medical condition exempted Mr. Trump from military service. Mr. Trump has described the condition as heel spurs, which are protrusions caused by calcium built up on the heel bone, treated through stretching, orthotics or sometimes surgery. Mr. Trump said that he could not recall exactly when he was no longer bothered by the spurs, but that he had not had an operation for the problem. “Over a period of time, it healed up,” he said. In the 2015 biography “The Truth About Trump,” the author, Michael D’Antonio, described interviewing Mr. Trump, who at one point slipped off a loafer to display a tiny bulge on his heel. And during a news conference last year, Mr. Trump could not recall which heel had been involved, prompting his campaign to release a statement saying it was both. Mr. Trump, who has hailed his health as “perfection,” said the heel spurs were “not a big problem, but it was enough of a problem. ” “They were spurs,” he said. “You know, it was difficult from the   walking standpoint. ” In December, his longtime personal physician, Dr. Harold N. Bornstein, announced that Mr. Trump had “no significant medical problems” over four decades and that, if elected, he “will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency. ” Dr. Bornstein made no mention of the bone spurs but did note the appendectomy from Mr. Trump’s childhood. The medical deferment meant that Mr. Trump, who had just completed the undergraduate real estate program at the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania, could follow his father into the development business, which he was eager to do. The story of Mr. Trump’s draft record has been reviewed by other publications, starting in 2011, when The Smoking Gun published his Selective Service documents. But a Times examination of his history, including interviews with Mr. Trump and experts on the era, revealed new details. For many years, Mr. Trump, 70, has also asserted that it was “ultimately” the luck of a high draft lottery number  —   rather than the medical deferment  —   that kept him out of the war. But his Selective Service records, obtained from the National Archives, suggest otherwise. Mr. Trump had been medically exempted for more than a year when the draft lottery began in December 1969, well before he received what he has described as his “phenomenal” draft number. Because of his medical exemption, his lottery number would have been irrelevant, said Richard Flahavan, a spokesman for the Selective Service System, who has worked for the agency for three decades. “He was already classified and determined not to be subject to the draft under the conditions in place at the time,” Mr. Flahavan said. In a 2011 television interview, Mr. Trump described watching the draft lottery as a college student and learning then that he would not be drafted. “I’ll never forget that was an amazing period of time in my life,” he said in the interview, on Fox 5 New York. “I was going to the Wharton School of Finance, and I was watching as they did the draft numbers, and I got a very, very high number. ”  But Mr. Trump had graduated from Wharton 18 months before the lottery  —   the first in the United States in 27 years  —   was held. The fact that a candidate seeking the presidency received military deferments or otherwise avoided fighting in Vietnam is not unusual. Voters have shown themselves willing to look past such controversies, electing George W. Bush, who served stateside in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam era, and Bill Clinton, who wrote to an Army R. O. T. C. officer in 1969 thanking him for “saving me from the draft. ” Mr. Trump likened his history to that of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and other prominent politicians, who also received several deferments. Mr. Trump said he had strongly opposed United States involvement in Vietnam. “I thought it was ridiculous,” he said. “I thought it was another deal where politicians got us into a war where we shouldn’t have been in. And I felt that very strongly from Day 1. ” Even if his views on Vietnam are broadly shared today, both his record and his statements on the war have proved fraught for Mr. Trump during his campaign. Last summer, he faced a backlash when he declared that John McCain, the Republican senator who had been a prisoner of war during Vietnam, was “not a war hero,” explaining, “I like people who weren’t captured. ” Then a series of audio clips surfaced from the 1990s, including one in which Mr. Trump told Howard Stern, the radio show host, that avoiding sexually transmitted diseases while dating “is my personal Vietnam. ” Mr. Trump has acknowledged feeling somewhat “guilty” for not serving in Vietnam and has stressed that if he had been called, he would have gone. After his 18th birthday, in June 1964, Mr. Trump registered with the Selective Service System, as all men his age did. It was the summer after his graduation from the New York Military Academy, and Mr. Trump recalled filling out his papers with his father, Fred Trump, at the local draft office on Jamaica Avenue in Queens. The next month, Mr. Trump received the first of four education deferments as he worked his way through his undergraduate studies, first at Fordham, in the Bronx, and then as a transfer student in the real estate program at the Wharton School, in Philadelphia. He received subsequent student deferments during his sophomore, junior and senior years. At Fordham, Mr. Trump commuted from his parents’ home in Queens and played squash, football and tennis. He remembered Fordham for its “good sports. ” At Wharton, Mr. Trump began preparing in earnest for his career in real estate by buying and selling   townhouses in Pennsylvania and driving home to New York on weekends to work for his father. During the Wharton years, he said, he had less time for sports but stayed physically active, playing pickup golf at public courses near campus. At Penn and other universities, Vietnam dominated discussions. Mr. Trump said Wharton, with its business focus, had been somewhat different. Although he “hated the concept of the war,” he said, he did not speak out against it. “I was never a fan of the Vietnam War,” he said. “But I was never at the protest level, either, because I had other things to do. ” As Mr. Trump’s graduation neared, the fighting in Vietnam was intensifying. The Tet offensive in January 1968 had left thousands of American troops dead or wounded, with battles continuing into the spring. On the day of Mr. Trump’s graduation, 40 Americans were killed in Vietnam. The Pentagon was preparing to call up more troops. With his schooling behind him, there would have been little to prevent someone in Mr. Trump’s situation from being drafted, if not for the diagnosis of his bone spurs. “If you didn’t have a basis to be exempt or postponed, you would have been ordered for induction,” said Mr. Flahavan of the Selective Service. Many men of Mr. Trump’s age were looking for ways to avoid the war, said Charles Freehof, a draft counselor at Brooklyn College at the time, noting that getting a letter from a physician was a particularly effective option. “We had very little trouble with people coming back saying, ‘They wouldn’t accept my doctor’s note,’” Mr. Freehof said. Mr. Trump had a   classification, which was considered a temporary exemption. But in practice, only a national emergency or an official declaration of war, which the United States avoided during the fighting in Vietnam, would have resulted in his being considered for service. Neither occurred, and Mr. Trump remained   until 1972, when his status changed to   permanently disqualifying him. “For all practical purposes, once you got the   you were free and clear of vulnerability for the draft, even in the case of the lottery,” Mr. Flahavan said. Still, Mr. Trump, in the interviews, said he believed he could have been subject to another physical exam to check on his bone spurs, had his draft number been called. “I would have had to go eventually because that was a minor medical  —   it was called ‘minor medical,’” he said. But the publicly available draft records of Mr. Trump include the letters “DISQ” next to his exam date, with no notation indicating that he would be  . Since Mr. Khan publicly addressed him in the Democratic convention speech last week, Mr. Trump has been pressed about his sacrifice, including by George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday. “I think I’ve made a lot of sacrifices,” Mr. Trump said to Mr. Stephanopoulos. “I work very, very hard. I’ve created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I’ve had tremendous success. I think I’ve done a lot. ”",0
5358,Watch: First Trailer for Al Gore’s ’An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power’,"Al Gore is back again to warn about the dangers of climate change in the first trailer for An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power, the   to his   2006 documentary An Inconvenient Truth. [“Storms get stronger and more destructive. Watch the water splash off the city,” the former vice president and climate change activist warns in the trailer as newsreel footage of severe weather plays in the background. “This is global warming. ”  “Despair can be paralyzing,” he adds, “but this, to me, is the most exciting new development. We’re seeing a tremendous amount of positive change. The basis is there. But it’s still not enough. ” The trailer also features several brief excerpts of President Donald Trump’s comments on global warming, and shows Gore delivering lectures and traveling around the world to survey   damage up close. Inconvenient 2 premiered as the opening night film at the Sundance Film Festival in January, reportedly drawing a standing ovation after the screening from the audience in Park City. “This movie gives me an extra burst of hope because I think   …    it really effectively tells the story of how much hope is out there for transforming our energy system to become much more efficient,” Gore said at the screening, according to Variety. “We are going to win this. ” The trailer’s release came the same day President Donald Trump signed an executive order that will roll back several key energy industry regulations signed into law by former President Barack Obama. An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power is directed by Bonni Cohen and Jon Shenk, with original director Davis Guggenheim returning as executive producer. Paramount Pictures will release the film on July 28.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
5359,LOL: Parody 'Sponsorship' Video PERFECTLY Mocks Millennials,"Let’s face it, the stereotype that millennials are entitled, narcissistic, spoiled brats is pretty darn accurate.  ",0
5360,An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum - The New York Times,"Maha  ’s family is divided. She immigrated to New York City in 2014, reuniting with her three sons who had arrived earlier. She expected that her husband, Husham   and her two other sons would soon join her from Amman, Jordan, finally bringing the family together after a tumultuous decade of surviving the Iraq war, fleeing to Jordan and then searching for a permanent home. But on Friday, the family was dealt another blow, after President Trump approved a sweeping executive order on immigration that, among other things, blocked entry into the United States for 90 days for citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries including Iraq, where members of the family are citizens. Her husband and two sons in Jordan are for now locked out of the United States, and Ms. Obaidi cannot travel away, or risk being denied  . “Now our family in the U. S. can’t even come to visit us, nor can we visit them,” Mr. Qadhi said on Saturday in Amman. “We just sit and watch like the rest of the world what is happening, and our fate is being decided for us, in front of our eyes. ” The family lived in Baghdad as American tanks, troops and missiles tore into the Iraqi capital in 2003. It stayed for several years, despite gunfire and bomb blasts outside its house and the kidnapping of several family members. The family helped American soldiers even though other Iraqis targeted it for doing so. One of the sons in Amman, Thabit   said he and his father had run a snack bar on an American base in Baghdad, serving candy and soft drinks to troops, and operated a   internet cafe, which required them to be vetted and approved to begin work. After Thabit   was kidnapped in 2006 by Qaeda terrorists and eventually released, he said, he reported details about the episode to American officials in the hope that they would be caught. And on his way home from the Baghdad base one day, he came upon four American troops injured along the road, and he said he had loaded them into his car and driven them to the Green Zone. “America has abandoned its responsibility to protect those who protected and cooperated with the Americans,” he said. “It’s a decision solely based on my religious faith. It’s discrimination solely on religious grounds. ” He added: “This is the wrong decision. Is it even constitutional?” The family’s home was along one of Baghdad’s major highways, an entry point for American troops during the invasion. The family huddled in a windowless section of the home for 10 days, as bullets shattered windows and rockets blazed through the sky, until the United States took control of Baghdad. In the years after the invasion, the family remained in Iraq, even as unrest spread, militants took up arms and   tensions between Sunnis and Shiites flared up. In addition to Thabit   Ms. Obaidi’s husband was also kidnapped, on two separate occasions. The family members recalled the lengths to which they went to get them freed, how they stuffed $60, 000 in Iraqi dinars into garbage bags and were instructed by cellphone to travel to a series of locations before dropping off the ransom. “It was like in the movies,” Ms. Obaidi said in an interview this month. Fearing more attacks, the family left Iraq for Jordan. It joined many other Iraqi refugees, including extended family members. Ms. Obaidi and her husband used their savings to buy a home in Amman. Employment opportunities were scarce for Iraqis, leading three of her sons, starting in 2010, to venture to the United States to find work. When Ms. Obaidi later followed them, she hoped that her entire family could apply for asylum and unite in America. She made the trip despite a number of concerns. “At first, I felt afraid,” she said. “How can I live in this country? It is a foreign country. It is very far from my culture. How will I be compatible with the community?” To her surprise, Ms. Obaidi found New York to be unlike its gruff stereotypes. People smiled as she walked down the street. Men helped her haul heavy bags up stairs. Others offered her seats on the subway. “Everybody in America is very nice,” she said. “They are very polite, helpful people, nice people, always with a smile on their face. That is my experience. ” She has found additional support from the International Rescue Committee, a global humanitarian aid, relief and development nongovernmental organization based in New York. Founded in 1933, the organization is the newest organization supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, and the only one of the eight groups whose work extends beyond the New York area. It operates in 29 cities in the United States and in more than 40 countries. The organization was instrumental in helping Ms. Obaidi adjust to her new life and connecting her with a number of social services, including health insurance and food stamps. It helped her obtain a Social Security card, navigate New York’s streets and understand its transportation system. The group also helped her study for her driver’s license permit exam, among other services. “I feel I am not lonely,” she said. “I have somebody. I have somebody to support me. ” She shares a home in the Astoria neighborhood in Queens with two of her sons, Saif   and Qaed  . Her third son, Tameem   and his wife, Melissa Forstrom, also live in the neighborhood. “I have a nice life,” Ms. Obaidi said. “Even though my apartment is small, I feel happy in it. I like it. ” But it is a home with some notable, painful absences. “I’ve divided myself,” Ms. Obaidi said. “Some part is there in Jordan, and some parts   …    ” She trailed off, overcome with emotion. In Amman, Thabit   her oldest son, lives with his wife and    son across the street from Ms. Obaidi’s husband, Husham, and their youngest son, Omar  . They have been denied asylum in the United States. In October 2015, Husham   was sent a conditional acceptance letter for asylum in the United States. About a year later, he received a second letter, denying him resettlement. Omar   who works at Unicef to help provide water, sanitation and hygiene to Syrian refugees in Jordan, was also denied resettlement. “We have lived here as if we were waiting for something, as if everything was temporary, but now we no longer know what we are waiting for,” Omar   said in his apartment in Amman. Thabit   who has traveled to New York several times to visit his family, has not received the same denial letters for resettlement in the United States. His tourist visa was renewed, but a week later, an officer at the American Embassy in Amman told him that his visa had been canceled, and his case for resettlement was denied. Whether they will ever get approval to move to the United States is even more uncertain now. Thabit   said that Mr. Trump’s order was particularly painful and that he felt America was turning its back on Iraqis who had risked their lives to help soldiers during the war. “At the end we realized we were no longer welcome, neither from the Iraqis because we worked with the Americans, nor from the Americans because we were Iraqi,” he said. Like many Iraqis, Thabit   is living in Jordan on a conditional basis. He must renew his permission every year, and it is dependent on the family’s financial means. “Nothing is guaranteed in business,” he said. “Today, my trade company here is successful, but if one day the business fails, then what will happen? Where do I go?” In the United States, his siblings, even with employment and legal immigration status, live in a similar state of unsteadiness and concern. For three years, Tameem  ’s only proof of his legal status was an   record known as an   form, a document without a photo of him and only his name and identification numbers. It has hindered his attempts to travel even within the United States. Visas for Saif  ’s wife and children were approved recently after a wait of more than two years. They were booked on a plane expected to arrive Feb. 7, but Friday’s executive order by Mr. Trump has dashed those plans. “The kids, they grow up far from their father,” Saif   said. “All of a sudden, I told them ‘I’m sorry, something changed. I may not be able to see you soon. ’” He and his wife are distraught by the development, which leaves them in a precarious position. In anticipation of the move, their children were taken out of their private school and the lease on their apartment in Amman is to expire on Feb. 1. “I’m watching the news every second,” Mr. Qadhi said. Ms. Obaidi’s children have been able to acclimate to their new surroundings and establish a rhythm in their lives. Tameem   owns a cellphone store in the East Village in Manhattan, Qaed   works as an information technology manager, and Saif   is an Uber driver. Ms. Obaidi stays busy by volunteering at the Masjid Dar   mosque. The family gathers as often as work schedules and other responsibilities allow, most often on Sundays, when Ms. Obaidi prepares a large meal. They all await the day when more chairs can be placed around the table. Halfway across the world, the other half of the family shares that sentiment. Omar   said he missed his brothers, but especially his mother. “It just feels weird that we are now split, and the future looks grim,” he said. “We are travelers on a journey with no destination, and my family is so far away. ”",0
5361,"Shoes, Shirts, You Name It, College Basketball Players Get It. Free. - The New York Times","MEMPHIS  —   One of the perks of playing college basketball for a powerhouse program like North Carolina is all the   gear. Every year, the Tar Heels are outfitted with more shirts, sweats and sneakers than they can possibly wear in a season. The only problem is that their friends and families know it. “Oh, people are always asking for stuff,” said Stilman White, a senior guard. “It’s a weekly thing, to be honest. ” The latest request came from White’s    sister, Noel, who became enthralled with one of his   as North Carolina began to prepare for the N. C. A. A. tournament. “My sister would not talk to me about anything else besides that shirt until I finally just gave it to her so she’d stop bugging me,” White said. Among the potential difficulties facing college basketball players, being the recipients of too much branded (and free) gear surely qualifies as a   problem. But it is one of the most noteworthy byproducts of lucrative endorsement deals that prominent programs like North Carolina, U. C. L. A. Kansas and Michigan have with sports apparel companies like Nike, Adidas and Under Armour. The N. C. A. A. will remind anyone within earshot that these players are still amateur athletes, and the mere suggestion of compensation  —   beyond their scholarships  —   opens the door to a swirl of complications. But they do receive gear  —   so much gear  —   and the N. C. A. A. allows them to give it away. They just can’t sell it. For the companies, the arrangement has obvious benefits: team after team filled with players who serve as walking billboards on one of the sports world’s biggest stages. In the brands’ view, the more clothing and shoes they hand out, the more likely it is that a player will wear their logo. For the athletes, who are often oversize teenagers who struggle to find clothes and shoes that fit, the free gear  —   including coveted sneaker styles that can cost $200 or more a pair  —   comes in handy. But the question eventually becomes: What to do with all of it? Sweatshirts wind up going to moms and dads. Shorts get shipped off to siblings. Old sneakers are handed out to pals back home  —   whether they fit or not. Gabby Williams, a star forward for the women’s basketball team at Connecticut, said she had set aside a stack of UConn clothing as gifts for her family members to wear during the Huskies’ latest tournament run. “It’s always nice to give back to everyone else,” she said. “We do get a lot of stuff, and we’re very lucky, so I love to give my stuff away. ” Charlie Noebel, a senior guard at Oregon, said that he constantly hears from friends desperate to get their hands on a pair of the Ducks’ custom Nikes. “All the time,” said Noebel, who wears size 12. 5 shoes. “Most of my friends are 10s, so they can’t fit into them. But they’ll always be like, ‘Hey, I can wear two or three pairs of socks, I don’t care. ’” Oregon   seem to be popular, too. In recent years, the Ducks have worn a different one for every game, and unloading those is rarely a problem. As Noebel explained, “A lot of people like the color green. ” At Michigan, where the university has an apparel deal with Nike that could be worth as much as $173. 8 million through 2031, some players said they had received as many as 13 pairs of Jordan brand sneakers this season. Sometimes, they said, the shoes just appear, tucked inside fresh boxes left on   chairs before random practices. “It was pretty cool just to get free stuff,” said     a junior guard who, before he joined the Wolverines, would spend his own money on the Jordan gear he now gets gratis. Bob Bland, Michigan’s longtime equipment manager, is responsible for the surprises. When a new shipment of sneakers arrived this season, Bland showed up for a team film session with a bin full of them. He called players up by name and number to receive their allotments. Moments like those are a big deal for Brent Hibbitts, a sophomore   from Hudsonville, Mich. Growing up, he said, he was such a fan of Jordan sneakers that he would camp outside stores just for the chance to buy the newest release. “I think I waited outside one time for 10 hours in a blizzard,” he said. Hibbitts no longer has to subject himself to such ordeals. Nor do the players at North Carolina  —   Michael Jordan’s alma mater  —   which also has a deal with Nike. White, for example, said he had stacks of Jordan sneakers in boxes. Some live in his locker. Others take up real estate in his dorm room. He has even sent a few to his parents for safekeeping. “Stockpiles,” White said. And while he is happy to part with   and also has bequeathed used pairs of sneakers to friends, White was clear that there is a line even friends and family cannot cross. “They’re not,” he said, “getting any of the new stuff. ” Alex Olesinski, a sophomore forward at U. C. L. A. said his classmates were always in the market for his   freebies. “They’ll be like, ‘Give me a shirt,’” he said. Most are not particularly discriminating, he added. “They’ll take anything, honestly. ” There could be a lot for the taking soon: The Bruins are in the final year of their   contract with Adidas and next season will switch to Under Armour. Despite that coming change, the Bruins’ equipment cupboard is anything but bare. This season, Olesinski said, Adidas provided each U. C. L. A. player with more than 15 pairs of sneakers. In the locker room after the team’s practice session on Thursday afternoon at FedEx Forum, Olesinski pointed to a nearby pair of colorful  . “Today is the first day I’ve worn those,” he said. “Comfortable. ” Dillon Pulliam, a sophomore guard at Kentucky, has laid in about a dozen pairs of sneakers that he has never worn. He has lent a couple pairs to his younger brother, Zach, who plays at Division III Transylvania University in Lexington, Ky. far down the   food chain. The occasional giveaway is no problem, Pulliam said. He still has more than enough for himself. “I’m going to be good for basketball shoes for the rest of my life,” Pulliam said. Some of his friends, though, are more discerning collectors. Pulliam said he had heard from several people this season who coveted one   item in particular:   Nike Kobe 11s with the Wildcats’ interlocking UK logo on the inside heel. Each Kentucky player, he said, had received three pairs, one each in three color schemes: blue, white and gray. Nike made similar versions for Duke, Michigan State and Oregon, but if you want a pair, good luck: Because they were   items, you would need to find a player willing to part with his. Sneakers are seldom in short supply at programs like Kentucky, North Carolina and U. C. L. A. the three blue bloods that cohabitated in Memphis over the past few days for the South Region semifinals and final. The fourth team left in the region when the weekend began, Butler, is a program with its own rich basketball history  —   but one that appears to take a more judicious approach to equipment. Nate Fowler, a sophomore center, said each Butler player typically receives three sets of practice shorts and jerseys at the start of the season, along with one pair of sneakers. They get another pair about halfway through the season, and then maybe one more at the start of the postseason. Fowler said he was aware that players at other programs get more free stuff, not that he minds. He knows he can always get more  —   as needed. Butler, you see, has a storage closet. “If anything rips,” he said, “they’ll replace it. ”",0
5362,"Southwest Flight Evacuated After Samsung Phone Catches Fire, Airline Says - The New York Times","A Southwest Airlines flight scheduled to leave Louisville, Ky. on Wednesday morning was evacuated on the runway after a passenger’s Samsung cellphone caught fire, passengers and the airline said. Southwest said in a statement that passengers and airline employees were taken off Flight 994, which was scheduled to leave for Baltimore, after a customer reported “smoke emitting from a Samsung electronic device. ” The Verge identified the passenger as Brian Green and his phone as “a replacement Galaxy Note 7. ” A Samsung spokeswoman said in a statement on Wednesday that the company was unable to immediately confirm which device was involved in the episode. “We are working with the authorities and Southwest now to recover the device and confirm the cause,” the statement said. “Once we have examined the device, we will have more information to share. ” The company, which is the world’s largest smartphone maker, announced last month that it would replace 2. 5 million of the smartphone model because of a flaw in the battery’s cell that could result in the devices bursting into flames or exploding. Mr. Green told The Verge that he had picked up the new phone on Sept. 21, after the recall. The episode could be damaging for the company, because the replacement devices were thought to be safe. The new models had been approved by the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission, which on Wednesday said it was investigating the episode. In a statement, the commission chairman, Elliot F. Kaye, encouraged owners of the smartphone to turn it off and immediately participate in the recall. He also said staff members had reached out to the Federal Aviation Administration, Samsung and Mr. Green, noting that the agency is “moving expeditiously to investigate this incident. ” Christine Sundman, 65, a retired teacher who was planning to return home to New Hampshire after visiting her daughter’s family in Louisville, was one of the passengers evacuated from the flight. She said that a woman sitting near the phone’s owner had told her that the device had just been powered down when it caught fire. The owner quickly dropped the device on the floor, Mrs. Sundman said in a phone interview. Mrs. Sundman said she had been sitting in the seventh row of the plane and did not notice any commotion until a flight attendant rushed to the front to consult with her colleague. As they exchanged urgent whispers, Mrs. Sundman said, “I did hear the word ‘smoke.’ ” The two flight attendants went into the cockpit, Mrs. Sundman said, and within seconds the captain came out and calmly told passengers that the plane had to be evacuated. She said he did not need to use the loudspeaker to make his voice heard. As the passengers disembarked, the smell of smoke began to permeate the plane. “I did not see any of the passengers lose control,” Mrs. Sundman said. “One woman was kind of buzzing around a lot, but nobody lost control. The airline was working as hard as it could. ” Mrs. Sundman said the passengers were eventually told that a hole had burned through the floor. After about two hours, she said, the flight was canceled and passengers were allowed back on the plane to recover their baggage. “This could have happened moments after we took off, or in the air,” she said. “It could have been catastrophic. ” Earlier this year, Qantas  banned Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from its flights because of instances in which they caught fire when   passengers dropped their devices into the electronically activated seats, crushing the phone and damaging the battery. Air France also said it had several   smoke or fire events that were set off in the same way. The Federal Aviation Administration strongly urged owners not to use the phones on planes, before the recall was ordered.",0
5363,"The media chooses our president (Hillary), because we're a nation of morons.","Report Copyright Violation The media chooses our president (Hillary), because we're a nation of morons. If the media said, ""Trump's a genius, women like him, he's a man's man, he's dynamic, he's vibrant... but Hillary is crooked and she's a criminal and no one likes her"" Blah Blah... if that happened, women would support and vote for Trump, etc.Think about that. Just flip the whole thing.There's never been a pile-on in MSM history like the one against Trump.While he had a few unforced errors, I don't think it would matter much what he did. They would trash him, or drag up 10 year old Tweets and play them 24/7 all day, even if he had pivoted to being presidential.If they wanted to prop up Trump and destroy Hillary, we would have seen the opposite happen.This entire election has been nothing more than an exercise in mass propaganda. Hillary is the chosen candidate of the Establishment, and she shall win. Early voting totals already show the Democrats are showing up in big numbers for Hillary, and Republicans are lagging behind.The election IS rigged, but largely by the media and voting scams may not be necessary if the Sheeple are compliant . ""Being easily offended is indicative of your own guilts and neuroses regarding your self."" - AC 25018606""Easily the best poster on this site and never afraid to speak the truth."" -Ronin""You're the most politically incorrect person on the site. Keep on speaking the truth brother."" - Anon""You're still on the ball, Cigarette Man! God bless.""- Helios Maximus",0
5364,U.S. Urges Kansas State to Heed Reports of Off-Campus Rape - The New York Times,"Kansas State University’s policy not to investigate accusations of rape in   fraternity houses is “incorrect,” according to federal government statements filed in court in support of two female students at the university. The two women, Sara Weckhorst and Tessa Farmer, both told the university that they had been raped in two separate episodes at fraternity houses in 2014 and 2015. In both cases, they say, the university would not investigate because the fraternity houses were off campus, even though they were sanctioned fraternities. Their federal lawsuits, filed in Kansas in April, say the university violated Title IX, a civil rights statute prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex, by failing to respond to their complaints of rape. Title IX generally governs gender equity in education. Responding to the lawsuits, the university argued in court that the cases should be dismissed because it is not legally responsible for reports of    rape at “ ” fraternity houses or events. But the government, in documents filed Friday, disagreed, saying that Title IX covers all education programs of a federally funded school, including the house and events of a   fraternity. “The continuing effects of a    rape, including the constant fear of exposure to one’s assailant, can render a student’s educational environment hostile,” the government filings said. “Thus, a school must respond to allegations of sexual assault in fraternity activities to determine if a hostile environment exists there or in any other education program or activity. ” The government told universities, in a “Dear Colleague” letter in 2011, that Title IX requires them to investigate accusations of   rapes of students. It specifically cited   fraternity houses. The court statements, by the Departments of Justice and Education, have been filed in about a dozen other lawsuits since 2010 where the law is in dispute. Title IX is an increasingly contentious issue at colleges and high schools across the country. Calling the legal lay of the land a “hot mess” when it comes to Title IX, Wendy Murphy, a professor who specializes in sexual violence law at New England School of Law, said she hoped the government would file statements in other pending Title IX cases to help clarify the law. Ms. Weckhorst, of Doylestown, Pa. said in her complaint that she had become incapacitated from drinking alcohol at a fraternity party in April 2014, while a freshman at Kansas State, and was subsequently raped by two men. Ms. Farmer, of Overland Park, Kan. told a similar story. After drinking too much at a fraternity party, she said in her complaint, she blacked out on a bed in the fraternity house. She awoke as an unknown man was raping her, her complaint said. The women are seeking both monetary damages and orders that the university investigate their accusations.",0
5365,Losses in Australia Election Could Threaten Governing Coalition - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia and his conservative Liberal National coalition could lose more than 10 seats in Parliament, according to early election returns on Saturday, which might leave it unable to form a majority government. Neither Mr. Turnbull nor the opposition Labor leader, Bill Shorten, had conceded defeat late Saturday, with about 70 percent of the votes counted in the elections to select Australia’s   House of Representatives. The party or coalition that wins a majority of the seats in the House forms a government. A sharp reduction in the 90 seats Mr. Turnbull’s government held before the election could damage his leadership prospects. Mr. Turnbull’s decision to call an early election and run a long campaign now seems to have been a poor gamble. Australia’s election campaigns typically run about four weeks. This one was about two months. According to official projections late Saturday from the Australian Electoral Commission, the governing coalition, which includes the Liberal and National Parties, was on track to win at least 68 seats, and the Australian Labor Party at least 70. Australia’s third major party, the Greens, had won one seat, and independent candidates had won four seats. The contests for as many as seven seats were still undecided when counting was suspended for the day. Analysts said absentee votes submitted by mail and votes cast early at polling places could affect the outcome. About 30 percent of Australia’s 15. 6 million voters cast their ballots in these ways. Mr. Turnbull spoke just after midnight to a rowdy gathering of Liberal Party members at Sydney’s Wentworth Hotel. “Tonight, my friends,” he said, “I can report that based on the advice I have from the party officials, we can have every confidence that we will form a coalition majority government. ” But the final result, in terms of seats, may not be known until Tuesday, Mr. Turnbull said. Speaking to Labor Party supporters gathered at the Moonee Valley Racing Club in Melbourne, Mr. Shorten said: “We will not know the outcome of this election tonight. Indeed, we may not know it for some days to come. But there is one thing for sure: The Labor Party is back. ” “And Mr. Turnbull’s economic program, such as it was, has been rejected by the people of Australia,” he added. “Whatever happens next week, Mr. Turnbull will never be able to claim that the people of Australia have adopted his ideological agenda. ” The federal treasurer, Scott Morrison, a Liberal Party member, speaking on ABC television, rejected criticism of Mr. Turnbull’s leadership. He said he expected the coalition to form a government once all votes were counted. Mr. Turnbull unseated Tony Abbott, who was in his first term as prime minister, just 10 months ago, but now he is facing an erosion of support. Political analysts said that if the Liberal National coalition failed to win 76 seats in the House, it would be forced to form an alliance with some of the minor parties or independents, only two of whom are likely to side with the conservative coalition. Mr. Turnbull is also likely to face a more fractious Senate. Vote counting for the Senate races had not been completed. Analysts said minor parties would win more seats there, making it harder for the government to pass its legislation. The governing coalition held 33 seats in the Senate before Saturday’s election and needed six more to hold a majority. Australia’s   Senate, which checks the power of the House of Representatives by having the final say over all legislation, is made up of 12 senators from each state, plus two each from the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory, the location of the capital, Canberra. Typically, minor parties find it easier to win those seats, and so they are able to wield a disproportionate degree of power in relation to their level of support. In May, Mr. Turnbull called for a   election, in which all Senate seats are thrown open for a vote instead of the usual half. This followed changes in March to Senate rules that Mr. Turnbull hoped would result in a less fractious upper house by making it harder for dissenting senators to retain their seats. Early results showed that One Nation, an     party based in the state of Queensland and led by Pauline Hanson, was likely to win at least one Senate seat.",0
5366,There Are A Lot Of Born-Again Women Who Are Closet Hillary Supporters (TWEETS),"There Are A Lot Of Born-Again Women Who Are Closet Hillary Supporters (TWEETS) By Darrell Lucus   Hillary Clinton at the 2014 United Methodist Women Conference ( image courtesy United Methodist Women, available under a Creative Commons BY-NC-ND license) 
For much of the campaign, there was talk that Donald Trump’s support was a lot greater than it seemed because of a large number of closet Trump supporters–a bloc of support for the Donald that isn’t showing up in most polls. That seems hard to believe. After all, you would have thought that those secret Trump backers would have come out of hiding during Hillary Clinton’s bad week in September. Even then, Hillary never dropped below 54 percent in the FiveThirtyEight average –and Nate Silver’s model responds fairly strongly to sharp changes in good polls. 
A much more plausible scenario comes from Lyz Lenz, a freelance writer who is also one of the embedded liberals at her evangelical church in her small Iowa town. In a revealing piece for Marie Claire, Lenz tells us that there are a considerable number of born-again women who are backing Hillary–but just keeping quiet about it. 
It’s not hard to see why. Hillary has been one of the religious right’s pet hates for almost three decades. This was true long before Bill Clinton was ensnared in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, for which many born-agains still haven’t forgiven him. Additionally, in much of the evangelical world, women are expected to follow their husband’s lead in virtually all matters–including politics. 
Add it up, and it’s no wonder that a number of evangelical Hillary supporters feel they have to stay in the closet–and even feign support for Trump. This is particularly true in red-tinted small towns across America. Lenz describes this as the “spiral of silence”–fear of being shunned when you voice an unpopular opinion. 
Lenz saw this first-hand. When she went to caucus for Hillary, she was surprised to see her friend “Melody,” the former head of a Christian non-profit and one of the most respected leaders in her town’s evangelical circle, was also heading for the Hillary section. Over the next few months, she’s met several other women in her town who are secretly backing Hillary. 
One of them, “Jennifer,” works at a faith-based non-profit that helps women in need. The prevailing mentality there is that the GOP is “the only acceptable choice” on election day. For that reason, she has to bite her tongue even when one of her coworkers shares nasty anti-Hillary memes on Facebook. Most of the time, she lets her colleagues believe she’s supporting Trump as well, since most evangelicals assume that “others are like them.” My girlfriend can attest to this; she once told me that when she went to her precinct at the time–a church–she mused about how everyone in line would react if they knew she was voting for Obama. 
Even in households where both spouses back Hillary, the prospect of getting bombarded with twenty questions is enough for some women to keep their support for Hillary secret. One of them, “Susan,” has gotten in a number of knock-down, drag-out arguments with friends, co-workers, and family members who can’t understand how her husband can support Hillary. As a result, she feels she doesn’t have “the energy to go there” and reveal she supports Hillary as well. 
Fortunately, these closet Hillary voters aren’t alone. A number of private “Secret Hillary Clubs” have mushroomed on Facebook, and offer support and encouragement for Hillary supporters in fire-engine red areas. One woman in this club, “Amy,” remembers how her parents frequently called Hillary a “liar” or a “bitch” when she appeared on TV. Since she still lives near them in Ohio, she finds it “very difficult to openly support Hillary.” 
However, the release of the “Access Hollywood” tapes seems to have prompted more evangelical women to speak out against Trump. For instance, one of the first evangelical leaders to blast Trump’s debauchery was author and speaker Beth Moore. She made her feelings loud and clear in an epic tweetstorm on October 9. Wake up, Sleepers, to what women have dealt with all along in environments of gross entitlement & power. Are we sickened? Yes. Surprised? NO 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 Try to absorb how acceptable the disesteem and objectifying of women has been when some Christian leaders don't think it's that big a deal. 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 I'm one among many women sexually abused, misused, stared down, heckled, talked naughty to. Like we liked it. We didn't. We're tired of it. 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 ""Keep your mouth shut or something worse will happen."" Yes. I'm familiar with the concept. Sometimes it's terrifyingly true. Still, we speak 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 
Russell Moore (no relation to Beth), the president of the Southern Baptist Convention’s Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission and a prominent member of the “Never Trump” crowd,” told The Daily Beast that a number of evangelical women have privately told him that they were “horrified” and disgusted how so many Christian leaders continued to rally behind Trump. Many of them, Russell Moore said, have spent years teaching girls to “find their identity in Christ and not in an American culture that sexualizes and objectifies them,” and are disgusted that their male counterparts are still backing a man who seems to be doing both. 
In some circles, however, the opening began long before 2016. My low-key charismatic church in Charlotte, for instance, is split almost down the middle politically; the sizable klatch of liberals there–including yours truly–don’t feel pressured to keep our views in the closet. I started dating my current girlfriend during the primaries, and she was a Bernie Sanders supporter. When I first brought her to my church, no one raised an eyebrow at her Bernie bumper sticker–or my Hillary sticker. Hopefully this is a sign that evangelical women who are leaning toward the Democrats can finally come out of the shadows. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
5367,Half of Russians fear Syria could spark World War III,"November 1, 2016 Half of Russians fear Syria could spark World War III 
Nearly half of Russians fear that Moscow’s bombing campaign in Syria could spark World War III, a poll showed Monday. 
Moscow, an ally of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, has been staging bombing raids in Syria since September 2015. 
Forty-eight percent of Russians were concerned that “heightened tensions in relations between Russia and the West could grow into World War III,” according to a poll conducted by independent pollster Levada Centre last week. 
That figure was up from 29 percent in July this year. 
Moscow’s air strikes have negatively affected the way Russia is perceived internationally, 32 percent said, up from 16 percent in November. 
 ",0
5368,Review: ‘The Night Of’ Takes a Cab Ride to Hell - The New York Times,"In the beginning, there was the procedural. “Dragnet,” “Law  Order” and the like set the template for television crime stories that took viewers briskly though the process by which bad guys get caught. “The Night Of,” the tense and exquisite limited series on HBO, beginning on Sunday, is also a deeply detailed procedural, but with a difference. It has more in common philosophically with the podcast “Serial” (whose first subject, Adnan Syed, was just granted a new trial) Netflix’s “Making a Murderer” and this year’s two O. J. Simpson series  —     stories that suggest that who is locked up, for what, is largely a matter of resources and random fate. In the fictional “The Night Of,” as in those stories, someone dies, and someone goes to trial, but the biggest suspect is the notion of egalitarian justice. The worst night of Nasir Khan’s life begins with promise. The studious, sexually inexperienced son of Pakistani immigrants, Naz, as he is known, drives his father’s cab from Queens to Manhattan, headed to a party. He’s told there will be girls. He never makes it. Andrea (Sofia  ’Elia) a young woman with sad, faraway eyes, mistakes him for a working cabby and hails a ride. It leads to conversation, a connection, a ride back to her townhouse. And then to drugs, sex  —   and Naz’s waking up to find her stabbed to death. Naz (Riz Ahmed) is picked up for the murder, smeared with DNA evidence. In retrospect, you see how the creators, Steven Zaillian (“Schindler’s List”) and Richard Price (“The Wire”) staged Naz’s last night of freedom  —   a   college kid’s walk on the wild side  —   as a pit of circumstantial quicksand: the casual encounters that will become eyewitness testimony the chain of bad breaks, bad timing and bad decisions. Mind your armrests when you watch it all unfold you may clutch them right through the upholstery. Naz is interrogated by Detective Dennis Box (Bill Camp) a glum loner whose eyes tell him that the case is    even as his gut says something’s off. Naz’s defense falls to John Stone (John Turturro)  —   a rumpled “precinct crawler” trolling the lockup for work  —   who lays out the stakes for a young Muslim in jail for killing a rich white girl. “Not to sound like a teabagger,” he says, “but how do you feel about America?” Stone’s part was meant for James Gandolfini (still listed as a producer). It would have been fascinating to see that bearish actor play a courthouse sad sack, but Mr. Turturro is a fine fit, as is Mr. Camp. They’re a pair of scuffed shoes on opposite feet of the law. The early episodes have a theaterlike intimacy, and they pay close attention to the particulars of arrest and processing. Mr. Ahmed deftly shows Naz’s dawning terror as his world becomes ever smaller the cinematography conveys the isolation, the disorientation, the feeling of being funneled down a dank,   chute into the system. It’s a slow ride to hell, last stop Rikers Island. A corrections officer asks Naz if he belongs to a gang he doesn’t, but it turns out that “yes” would have been the better answer. “Well, then, good luck to you,” the officer says. Prison is its own confounding gantlet, overseen by an imperious inmate, Freddy (Michael Kenneth Williams, characteristically smoldering) who may matter more to Naz’s survival than any judge. The later episodes become a more conventional legal story, as Stone patches together a defense, and the case becomes Nancy   in the media. There are nods to TV legal series throughout. When Stone prints   graphics at a copy shop, the clerk asks if he works for “Law  Order” prisoners at Rikers spend break time watching daytime court shows. The series excels at laying out the snowballing costs of a case, financial and psychological. Naz’s parents, who lose their livelihood when the cab is impounded, can’t afford a modest defense fee and have to make   decisions on the fly. They also lose a measure of trust in their son they want to believe him, but like us, they didn’t see him not commit the murder, either. And Naz’s experience in prison suggests that, convicted or acquitted, he will be permanently changed. As a legal procedural, “The Night Of” is richly detailed but profoundly unglamorous. A running subplot involves Stone’s unappetizing case of foot eczema. His journey from doctor to herbal healer to doctor, looking for a cure, becomes a symbol for the befuddling process of navigating the legal system. Justice, in this grand, grim story, has feet not of clay but of gross, itchy, mortal flesh. But still it must stumble forward.",0
5369,"Donald Trump Blames Democrats for Health Care Failure, Promises Better Plan in the Future - Breitbart","President Donald Trump signaled he was finished with trying to repeal and replace Obamacare, telling reporters at the White House he thought the bill’s failure would produce a better bill in the future. [“We were very very close. It was a very tight margin,” Trump told reporters in the Oval Office after Speaker Ryan’s press conference, saying that they were probably   votes short. According to reports, over 30 representatives opposed the bill before Ryan pulled the bill at the president’s request.  Trump said that the bill’s failure would actually help Congress come up with a better plan to fix Obamacare. Trump admitted that the bill fell short, but blamed Democrats for opposing the bill. But Trump appeared confident that political momentum for repealing and replacing Obamacare would return, despite Republican’s failure to unite behind a solution. “I’ve been saying for the last year and a half, that the best thing we could do, politically speaking, is let Obamacare explode,” he said. “It’s exploding right now. ” He predicted a disastrous year for Obamacare, appearing hopeful that even Democrats would back an future solution. “We will have a truly great healthcare bill in the future after this mess known as Obamacare explodes,” he concluded. Trump thanked his staff, Republican leadership, and even Speaker Paul Ryan for their efforts on the bill. “I want to thank Paul Ryan who worked very, very hard,” he said.  ",0
5370,"Politicians, NATO Officials Furious as Spain Plans to Refuel Russian Battle Group - Tyler Durden","Politicians, NATO Officials Furious as Spain Plans to Refuel Russian Battle Group 
However since then Russia has rescinded the request to refuel at Spanish port Originally appeared at Zero Hedge 
Spain is facing international criticism as it reportedly prepares to refuel a flotilla of Russian warships en route to bolstering the bombing campaign against the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo. El País reported that the Spanish ministry of foreign affairs was reviewing the permit issued to the Russian flotilla to stop at Ceuta. Politicians and military figures condemned the support from a NATO member as ""scandalous,"" and ""wholly inappropriate,"" while the head of the alliance indicated Madrid should rethink the pit stop. 
As The Guardian reports, warships led by the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov are expected to take on fuel and supplies at the Spanish port of Ceuta after passing through the Straits of Gibraltar on Wednesday morning. Spanish media reported that two Spanish vessels, the frigate Almirante Juan de Borbón and logistical ship Cantabria, were shadowing the warships as they passed through international waters, and that the Admiral Kuznetsov, along with other Russian vessels and submarines, would dock at Ceuta to restock after 10 days at sea. 
Late on Tuesday night, El País reported that the Spanish ministry of foreign affairs was reviewing the permit issued to the Russian flotilla to stop at Ceuta. 
Last week British Royal Navy vessels monitored the Russian warships as they moved through the English Channel. The vessels were shadowed by the navy as they passed through the Dover Strait . 20161026_spain1.jpg 

The enclave of Ceuta sits on the tip of Africa’s north coast, across the Straits of Gibraltar from mainland Spain, and bordering Morocco, which also lays claim to the territory. Although Ceuta is part of the EU, its Nato status is unclear, and since 2011 at least 60 Russian warships have docked there. 
Nato said the prospect of Russia’s only aircraft carrier heading to the region does not “inspire confidence” that Moscow is seeking a political solution to the Syrian crisis. 20161026_spain3.jpg 
The naval group is made up of Russia’s only aircraft carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, as well as a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, likely escorted by submarines, Nato officials said. 
The naval deployment, a rare sight since the end of the Soviet Union, is carrying dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters and is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast, diplomats said. 
But, as The Telegraph reports , Spain is facing anger and criticism from all asunder at their decision to allow the refueling to occur... 
Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg warned on Tuesday that Russian warships heading for Syria could be used to target civilians. “We are concerned and have expressed very clearly by the potential use of that battle group to increase air strikes on civilians in Aleppo,” Stoltenberg said, adding that it was “up to each nation to decide whether these vessels may obtain supplies and refuel at different ports along the route to the eastern Mediterranean”. 
“The battle group may be used to increase Russia’s ability to take part in combat operations over Syria and to conduct even more air strikes against Aleppo,” 
Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU’s representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain’s decision to allow the refuelling “scandalous”. politicians_nato_officials_furious_as_spain_plans_to_refuel_russian_battle_group_zero_hedge.png 
Sir Gerald Howarth MP, a former Defence Minister, said it would be “wholly inappropriate” for a Nato member to refuel the Russian vessels. “Spain is a member of Nato and Nato is already facing challenges from Russia, not least in the Baltics. 
“ The Russians stand accused of indiscriminate bombing in Aleppo and Syria and it would be inappropriate to render them military assistance .” 
Former Royal Navy chief Lord West told the newspaper: “There are sanctions against Russia and it’s an extraordinary thing for a Nato ally to do.” 
* * * 
Spain’s Foreign Ministry told the Telegraph requests from the Russian navy were considered on a “case by case basis, depending on the characteristics of the ship concerned”. A spokesman said: “Russian navy vessels have been making calls in Spanish ports for years”. But in an indication Madrid was feeling increased diplomatic pressure not to help Moscow, the Spanish government said it was reviewing the Russian request. The spokesman said: “The latest requested dockings are being revised at the current time in light of information we are receiving from our allies and from the Russian authorities.” 
Russia’s military visits are estimated each to bring in more than $400,000 to the city through a combination of mooring fees, fuel and supplies, and the money spent by sailors during their time onshore. ""As long as the Spanish government hasn't banned it, it is a commercial matter like any other vessel stopping to take on supplies, even if it concerns military ships,"" 
Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
5371,"For Fact-Checking Website Snopes, a Bigger Role Brings More Attacks - The New York Times","SAN DIEGO  —   The last line of defense against the torrent of   untruths and outright fakery that make up so much of the modern internet is in a downscale strip mall near the beach. Snopes, the   website, does not have an office designed to impress, or even be noticed. A big sign outside still bears the name of the previous tenant, a maker of underwater headphones. Inside there’s nothing much  —   a bunch of improvised desks, a table tennis table, cartons of Popchips and cases of Dr Pepper. It looks like a   on the way to nowhere. Appearances deceive. This is where the muddled masses come by the virtual millions to establish just what the heck is really going on in a world turned upside down. Did Donald J. Trump say on Twitter that he planned to arrest the “Saturday Night Live” star Alec Baldwin for sedition? Has Hillary Clinton quietly filed for divorce? Was Mr. Trump giving Kanye West a cabinet position? And was Alan Thicke, the star of “Growing Pains,” really dead? All untrue, except for the demise of Mr. Thicke, which was easily verifiable. “Rationality seems to have fallen out of vogue,” said Brooke Binkowski, Snopes’s managing editor. “People don’t know what to believe anymore. Everything is really strange right now. ” That is certainly true at Snopes itself. For 20 years, the site was dedicated to urban legends, like the purported existence of alligators in New York City sewers, and other benign misinformation. But its range and readership increased significantly during a prolonged presidential election campaign in which the facts became a partisan issue and reality itself seemed up for grabs. One way to chart Snopes’s increasing prominence is by measuring the rise in fake news about the site itself. If you believe the internet, the founder of Snopes, David Mikkelson, has a longer rap sheet than Al Capone. He was supposedly arrested for committing fraud and corruption and running a pit bull ring. In the wake of a deal that Snopes and others made this month to start   for Facebook, new slurs and allegations poured forth. The underlying message of these spurious attacks is that the movement to   the internet is a   conspiracy whose real goal is to censor the right, and therefore must be resisted at all costs. “Smearing people just because you don’t like what they’re saying often works to shut them up,” Ms. Binkowski, 39, said. “But at Snopes you learn to grow a thick skin. I will always push back. At least until someone shows up at my workplace and kills me. ” Mr. Mikkelson, a former computer programmer, met his first wife, Barbara, in a folklore discussion group on the internet. They called their website Snopes in tribute to the venal family in William Faulkner’s novels. Their first group of posts, back in 1995, tackled questions about Disneyland, such as whether there really was a secret restaurant at the park. (There was.) It was a time when the nascent web was seen as a force that would deliver enlightenment and truth to all. Starting about two years ago, Snopes made an effort to professionalize itself. It added a dozen staff members just in time to become the   debunking site for an election full of venom. The number of unique users jumped 42 percent over 2015, peaking at nearly 2. 5 million the day after the election. Just about everyone at Snopes thought things would calm down after the votes were in. “The fake news wasn’t from Trump so much. It was from people who hated Hillary Clinton,” Ms. Binkowski said. “Once the election was over we figured it would go away. ” She scheduled a vacation, and thought she would spend more time writing about such things as how no one has a water bed anymore. Mr. Mikkelson, 56, went on a lengthy honeymoon in Japan and China. But the role of fake news and misinformation in Mr. Trump’s surprise win quickly reached a fever pitch, prompting questions about the extent to which Facebook, where many of these bogus stories were shared, had influenced the election. Reluctantly, the social media giant was forced to act. The plan is for Facebook to send questionable links to a coalition of   sites, including Snopes. If the links are found to be dubious, Facebook will alert users by marking stories with a “disputed” designation. Mr. Mikkelson, speaking from Washington State, declined to claim this new initiative was a potential turning point in the quest for truth on the internet, or even in the history of Snopes. “I said, ‘O. K. we’ll give it a try,’” he said. “It doesn’t really involve us doing anything we wouldn’t already be doing. ” As for Facebook, he thinks it had to do something but had few good options. Blocking content outright, for instance, would be a public relations minefield. Even when he is in this country, Mr. Mikkelson is a bit elusive. His voice mail box is full, but he is in no hurry to clear it out. In the wake of a contentious divorce from Barbara, he now owns half of Snopes. The other half is owned by the principals of Proper Media, a digital media firm. All of Snopes’s revenue  —   Mr. Mikkelson says he doesn’t know what it is  —   come from ads. Facebook is not paying for its services. Nor is the billionaire George Soros funding the site, although that is sometimes asserted in   stories. Mr. Mikkelson seems more amused than outraged by the spectacle that is the internet, even when it takes aim at him. “We don’t have any inflated sense of   at Snopes,” he said. “People are always telling us, ‘You’re deviating from your mission.’ My response is: ‘We don’t have a mission. We just do what we do. ’” But he conceded that something had gone wrong with the early utopian dreams for the internet. “Making everyone equal as an information source doesn’t work very well in practice,” he said. Then he laughed, something he does frequently. Ms. Binkowski, a former radio reporter who still freelances about border issues, thinks there is a mission. “Not to be ideological or Pollyannaish, but you have to believe this work makes a difference,” she said. “Otherwise you’d just go back to bed and drink. ” Although there are other benefits to working at Snopes: “I really like telling people they’re wrong. ” The Snopes writers generally take a   perspective on fake news. The practice itself they see as ancient. The difference now is that the stories circulate faster and people can make money spreading them, which gives its purveyors a whole new motivation. There is also a cultural shift, said Kim LaCapria, who lives on Long Island and writes many of the Snopes political posts. “It used to be that if you got too far from the mainstream, you were shunned for being a little nutty,” she said. “Now there is so much nutty going around that it’s socially acceptable to embrace wild accusations. No one is embarrassed by anything anymore. ” The remedy, she and Ms. Binkowski feel, is more traditional journalism. “People aren’t necessarily getting the media literacy they need, so they’re just kind of panicking,” Ms. LaCapria said. Mr. Thicke’s death underlined this. In addition to those asking direct questions, thousands of users searched Snopes for confirmation of the actor’s demise. “People think the death of a    from a heart attack must be a hoax. That is how muddy the waters are now,” Ms. LaCapria said. “They are afraid, even with such an easily verifiable thing, to trust anyone. ” But there are also those who trust too much, and they are a much larger group. The bios at the end of posts on Snopes are often whimsical, so Ms. LaCapria wrote that she got her job “due to an executive order unilaterally passed by President Obama during a secret,   session. ” A joke  —   but her own mother took it at face value. “You’ve known me for 36 years. Of course it’s not true!” Ms. LaCapria told her. “It’s very easy for us to be tricked, all of us. ”",0
5372,California & Massachusetts Just Legalized Recreational Marijuana,"California & Massachusetts Just Legalized Recreational Marijuana Nov 8, 2016 5 0 
In a major win for cannabis proponents, the state of California has just voted to legalize recreational marijuana. California just turned green. 
The Proposition 64 was approved by California voters on Tuesday evening, which now makes California as the biggest state for legalizing the recreational use of marijuana. 
As it is often said, “As California goes, so goes the nation.” This will certainly bring a massive push from the rest of the nation to legalize marijuana for recreational use. 
With the proposition now passed, people living in California who are 21 or older can now legally possess, transport and buy up to an ounce of marijuana as well as allowing up to 6 plants to be grown by an individual. 
Nate Bradley , executive director of the California Cannabis Industry Association is happy with the results: 
“We are very excited that citizens of California voted to end the failed policy of marijuana prohibition. Proposition 64 will allow California to take its rightful place as the center of cannabis innovation, research and development.” 
Proposition 64 was opposed by most major law enforcement groups, including the California Assn. of Highway Patrolmen, the Peace Officers Research Assn. of California and the California Police Chiefs Assn. 
Interestingly and perhaps somewhat controversially, the initiative to vote in favor of the proposition was supported and funded by Facebook’s President Sean Park as well as billionaire George Soros. They raised nearly $16 million which is about 10 times the amount the opposition campaign raised. 
Massachusetts has also joins California in passing recreational marijuana with Florida approving medical marijuana. 
As of this writing , the vote for recreational marijuana is currently being approved in Maine, has officially been approved in Nevada and is being opposed in Arizona. Votes are also pending for medical marijuana in North Dakota, Arkansas and Montana. 
We could very well wake up in the morning with 4 new states approving recreational marijuana and at least 1 state (Florida) approving medical marijuana. 
With California, Massachusetts and Nevada passing the legalization of recreational marijuana, they now join Colorado, Alaska, Washington and Oregon. 
Regardless of the presidential election outcome, we are surely to wake up to a different and more green friendly world tomorrow. Spread the good news! 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science-Health Coaching and offers health coaching services through his website Orgonlight Health. You can follow the Orgonlight Health Facebook page or visit the website for more information on how to receive health coaching for yourself, your friend or family member as well as view other inspiring articles.",0
5373,How Two Producers of ‘Transparent’ Made Their Own Trans Lives More Visible - The New York Times,"On a hot night in July at Skylight Books in Los Angeles, Zackary Drucker and Rhys Ernst perched on stools to discuss their new book of photographs, “Relationship. ” It is by far the most personal of the many projects they have worked on together. The photographs chronicle their   romance, which ended soon after many of these images were shown at the Whitney Biennial in 2014. Drucker and Ernst, who are perhaps better known as producers of the   winning Amazon series “Transparent,” speak regularly about their work. But Drucker is plainly more at ease in the spotlight. She is tall and blond, with eyes as blue as swimming pools. That night she wore a white shift and   heeled   and she kept the microphone in its stand so she could gesture with her hands. The images, she told the audience, were meant as a private visual diary. “There was never an intent to show the photographs, even though we are both   makers. ” They are both 33 and around the same height, but Ernst appears slighter. Wearing light brown pants, bright white Reeboks and a diamond stud in his right ear, he explained that he and Drucker have backgrounds in “  ethnography,” which he defined as “the practice of creating   reflexive work, or work that reflected my community. ” This, he said, was a guiding impulse for the photographs in “Relationship. ” Anyone familiar with the rush of young love will recognize its hallmarks in these photos: all smoldering looks, parted lips and bare limbs on rumpled sheets. Drucker and Ernst have an easy sexual charisma, but that’s not what makes this series novel, even daring. During the years they were together, from 2008 to 2014, Drucker was in the process of transitioning from male to female, and Ernst from female to male. They met soon after they each began taking hormones, so the photographs also capture what Ernst has described as “the unflattering throes of yet another puberty. ” In calling this series “Relationship,” Drucker and Ernst are describing not only their partnership but also their relationship with themselves and their genders, their choices and their bodies. Though Drucker and Ernst are no longer a couple, they chose to publish these photographs anyway, because even as transgender stories are becoming more mainstream, there are few public examples of trans people leading ordinary lives, filled with love and lazy mornings. There are even fewer cases, as Drucker and Ernst emphasized that night in July, of trans people taking control over how they are represented. On “Transparent,” whose third season begins this month, their goal has been to ensure not just that trans people are depicted accurately on screen, but also that they are working behind the scenes  —   as writers, directors and personal assistants. Except for the character of Maura, a father who comes out to his family as trans, played by Jeffrey Tambor, every trans role on the show is filled by a trans person. The desire to see more transgender people in front of and behind the camera also informs much of Drucker’s and Ernst’s work as artists. Drucker is often the star of her own experimental videos and performances, which challenge conventional views of sex and gender. Her work has been shown at MoMA’s PS1, the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago and SFMoMA. Ernst’s narrative filmmaking tends to feature trans actors and documentary subjects and travel the   festival circuit. He is at work on his first   feature, which he describes as a “  aged     movie comedy. ” “I remember when we were installing the photographs at the Whitney, someone asked us: ‘Oh, this is great. Who was the photographer? ’’u2009” Ernst told the bookstore crowd. “They assumed we were just the subjects, which is of course the history of this kind of work. But this is what I hope changes going forward. It’s the work we’re doing in television. It’s the work we’re doing in filmmaking. It’s the work we’re doing in photography. It’s making trans people the author, rather than just the subject. That’s really the key. ”   cultural representations of trans people have historically reduced them to objects of pity or scorn. “Over and over again, somebody is crying in the mirror, taking off their wig,” Ernst said over dinner at a gastropub near the Silver Lake home he shares with his partner, Patrick Staff, an artist. “There are these fixations that   gender people get that are not the way our lives are being lived at all. ” (To be “  gender” is to identify as the gender you are assigned at birth i. e. not trans.) A prime example, he said, is “Dallas Buyers Club,” a critically acclaimed film that earned Jared Leto an Oscar in 2014 for his supporting role as Rayon, an H. I. V.  positive trans woman. “She was a throwaway character,” Ernst griped, “a drug addict who was there to make the protagonist learn about himself, and she was named after a synthetic fabric. That’s not a real person. ” In the two years since, there has been a marked political and cultural shift, and a growing public fascination with trans people. For Drucker and Ernst, whose work has always been about making the trans experience more visible, this has meant a much bigger audience. “There needs to be a little demystifying about trans existence,” Ernst said. “That’s why people have so many burning questions about it all. ” Soon after their photographs were installed at the Whitney, they began working on the first season of “Transparent” with Jill Soloway, the show’s creator. Soloway met Ernst when they each had a short film screening at the Sundance Film Festival in 2012. Soloway’s father had just come out as trans, and she found herself opening up to Ernst about what she was going through. They kept in touch. After Soloway finished writing the “Transparent” pilot, she reached out to Ernst and Drucker, knowing that she needed trans people involved from the start. “Everyone knows and loves them,” she told me in her office on the Paramount lot. “They’re the homecoming king and queen of the trans movement. ” Drucker and Ernst say the show has been able to “undo a lot of damage” when it comes to popular portrayals of trans people. Maura is not a sad loner whose every act and thought is about transitioning. Rather, she is the parent of a flawed but loving family in which everyone seems uncomfortable in their skin. Initially hired as consultants to prevent the show from trafficking in trans stereotypes, Drucker and Ernst were swiftly promoted to producers. They now offer notes on scripts, watch rough cuts of episodes and work closely with the writers and actors to make the trans performances as authentic as possible. Drucker helps Tambor understand how Maura feels about herself and her body, and she tweaks his mannerisms onscreen, regularly nudging him to close his legs, for example. Ernst directs the opening credits. Both also lead what they call “Trans 101” for everyone involved with the show, from Amazon executives to truck drivers, in which they explain the etiquette of working with trans colleagues. They stress that it is best to ask what pronoun people prefer. They advise against inquiring about the genitals or birth names of trans people, or referring to them as “trannies” or “ . ” “People are afraid of saying the wrong thing, so they don’t have the conversation,” Drucker says. “But I think there’s no undignified questions, only undignified answers. ” For many of the show’s trans performers and crew members, all of this has been   changing. “’u2009‘Transparent’ was my   out party,” Trace Lysette said at the show’s panel at Outfest, the L. G. B. T. film festival in Los Angeles, in July. Like many trans women, Lysette struggled for years to find employment, making money by stripping and sex work before she landed a recurring role as Shea, a friend of Maura’s. “It’s allowed me to get up off the pole and have a career that I never thought would really happen,” she said. Silas Howard, the show’s first trans director, says the call from Soloway was like getting “a golden ticket. ” Tambor has begun teaching acting classes for trans people in Los Angeles. Drian Juarez, the program manager of the Transgender Economic Empowerment Project, a Los Angeles nonprofit group, told me that the show’s success has inspired other companies, including NBC and Ryan Seacrest Productions, to ask her for leads on transgender talent for   related stories. Given that trans people are twice as likely to be unemployed as the general population (four times as likely if they are not white) these industry jobs are a big deal. Drucker and Ernst also persuaded Amazon to sponsor the Trans Pride festival in Los Angeles. “I’ve just never seen any production like the familial, politicized,   changing,   changing empathy machine that is ‘Transparent,’’u2009” Ernst told me. The show, he conceded, doesn’t exactly represent a new norm in the industry, but he and Drucker hope that the many trans people involved in its production are gaining the tools necessary to make their own shows. “It’s certainly the beginning of something new,” Drucker says. For the moment, working on “Transparent” has turned Drucker and Ernst into trans spokespeople in Hollywood. Drucker was among the trans women hired to help Caitlyn Jenner navigate her new trans life on the   season E! Network series “I Am Cait. ” Focus Features asked Ernst to be a consultant on “The Danish Girl,” a 2015 biopic about Lili Elbe, one of the first people to undergo   reassignment surgery. Ernst was wary, as the film was already underway with a   gender writer, director and star. Yet he found the studio receptive to his many recommendations, including his request that Focus “give back to the trans community in tangible ways. ” The studio created a $10, 000 scholarship for trans filmmakers and helped fund a web series of documentary shorts about trans pioneers called “We’ve Been Around,” directed by Ernst, which had its premiere online in March. “Being trans right now necessitates this multihyphenate way of being,” Drucker says. When Drucker and Ernst were growing up in the 1990s, mass media presented trans people mainly on talk shows like “Jerry Springer,” which tended to sensationalize with big reveals like “My Boyfriend Is a Girl!” and “Guess What . .. I’m a Man!” “You knew you didn’t want to be that, but at least there was something to point to,” Drucker said. We were eating homemade tabbouleh at her house in Cypress Park, which she shares with her boyfriend of nearly two years, Jerid Bartow, an urban designer. Finding models for how to live, or even a language to describe their feelings, was difficult for Drucker and Ernst. After Drucker discovered that she desired boys and Ernst that he liked girls (at least initially) they didn’t feel right calling themselves gay or lesbian because it didn’t feel as if they were attracted to the same sex. They were both relieved as teenagers to discover the term “queer,” which is elastic enough to elide standard definitions of sexual orientation and gender. Each was raised in a supportive home by compassionate parents  —   a rare privilege, they acknowledge. But public bathrooms were always sites of dread, and school was hard. Drucker’s taste for blue hair, dog collars and makeup made her a target in Syracuse, her hometown. “She hid a lot from us,” her mother, Penny Sori, told me. “It was only when I started working at the high school that I saw she took a lot of crap. ” When Drucker insisted on wearing a gown to the prom, her parents worried that she was putting herself at risk. But when Sori approached her, “Zackary looked at me in this funny way and said, ‘I need your support on this.’ So I said, ‘O. K. let me find my long black gloves and at least accessorize you effectively. ’’u2009” Ernst was similarly ostracized and bullied in Chapel Hill, where his father, Carl Ernst, is an   studies professor at the University of North Carolina. As the only queer kid at his public middle school and later at the local Quaker school, he says, he was treated poorly by both students and teachers. With his parents’ blessing, he dropped out in ninth grade. He studied art and music at home, set up a darkroom in his closet and took classes at local community colleges. Art allowed them to vent their anger and defy convention. At her home, Drucker showed me a box of old photographs. Amid the pictures of her bar mitzvah (“a rare moment of gender conformity”) punk adolescence and androgynous college years was a series of snapshots from when she was 3 or 4, dressed in her mother’s clothes and beaming. “Those photographs provided an opportunity for me to see myself outside of the constraints of my reality,” she said. “  making has always provided this place to invent and reinvent myself. ” Drucker went on to study photography at the School of Visual Arts in New York. Soon after arriving in the city in 2001, she met Flawless Sabrina, a revered drag performer otherwise known as Jack Doroshow, and the first of many “  feminine elders” Drucker collected in search of “proof that it’s possible to have a sustainable life and live outside the rules. ” At Hampshire College, Ernst fell in love with   media filmmaking, which allowed him to combine his many interests. For “The Drive North,” a   8 short that Ernst made and starred in as a    undergraduate, he used his own animation and original score and experimented with slide projections and energetic editing to tell a story about two teenagers driving to college. It earned him several prizes at festivals around the world. After graduation he moved to New York, where he began working as a personal assistant on film and television projects and eventually became a producer and editor on MTV. Transitioning is a complicated and often stressful process. It took a while before it felt like a necessary step for either of them. Drucker always knew she flouted traditional gender categories, but she was able to maintain a level of androgyny until her early 20s. It was only when her body started aging in a masculine way that she realized “that wasn’t the path I wanted to go down. ” After she moved to Los Angeles to attend the California Institute of the Arts in 2005, she began taking estrogen. Although Ernst knew he wasn’t female, transitioning made him nervous, particularly because he knew few people who had done it. “It was still this kind of distant, weird relative of ‘gay and lesbian,’ and people didn’t understand it,” he says. Without public examples of happy, successful, aging trans people, he remembered wondering: Do people grow old? Do the hormones kill you? As a feminist, he asked himself: Do I even want to be a man? He was also troubled by the fact that it is impossible to transition quietly. It feels extremely public, he explains, because essentially everyone else has to transition, too. “At what point would my mom change pronouns to her hairdresser when they chat about me? It really ripples. It feels like jumping off a cliff. ” Ernst began taking hormones six months before driving   country with a   friend to study filmmaking at CalArts. They were just starting to pass as men, which meant they were “dealing with the panopticon of   stop men’s rooms for the first time. ” The experience was   racking, but he learned that men don’t really look at one another in men’s rooms. He also found that people were much kinder to him than when he was a   nonconforming woman. “I got the, you know, ’Sup, chief? ’Sup, champ? It was really striking. ” Drucker met Ernst at a party soon after he arrived in Los Angeles. “It was such a revelation when we got together,” Drucker told me. Within a year they were subletting the rundown house of Ron Athey, a performance artist and mentor (they call him “Pops”). They collaborated on several projects, including “She Gone Rogue,” a dreamy experimental short featuring several “  feminine” legends from Drucker’s “chosen family” (Flawless Sabrina, Holly Woodlawn, Vaginal Davis) which debuted at the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles in 2012. They also took thousands of pictures of themselves and each other. The photographs that make up “Relationship” were never meant for a mass audience Drucker and Ernst didn’t even share them with friends. They feel like small, private gifts for each other. One shows them topless and tenderly touching each other in bed, their faces flushed with the thrill of discovery. Another finds them nuzzling in the dark corner of what looks like a party, their eyes closed. Often Drucker or Ernst seem to be posing for the other, preening before a mirror or gazing directly at the camera. These photos capture them as they figure out how to present their evolving selves. Ernst is often seen gazing in the distance, steely and remote, his face sprouting new facial hair. Drucker drapes herself across the bed, feline,   hither and increasingly curvy. Their disdain for the “prurience” of public curiosity about trans bodies mean there are no full nudes in the book. Both lament that trans people are regularly asked about their genitals. “Cis people are not asked about their genitals, so it’s a bit of a double standard,” Drucker says. But the photos include some comic nods. One shows Ernst with two brown eggs between his legs another has him eating a long link of sausage impaled on a fork. Drucker is seen holding a peeled grapefruit in her lap. As a series, these photos trace a period in Drucker’s and Ernst’s lives when they were both undergoing profound personal changes. Yet they found something still and stable in each other. “That body of work really speaks to how much love and support can still be at the core of something that might seem unstable or uncertain or unfamiliar,” says Stuart Comer, a   curator of the 2014 Whitney Biennial. Comer is largely responsible for making these images public. Impressed by their film “She Gone Rogue” and excited by the energy and identity politics of many trans artists, he visited Drucker and Ernst in their Los Angeles studio in 2013. Over margaritas, they shared some of their personal snapshots. Comer was so moved by them that he asked to include a selection in the Biennial. “The formula is so simple, but the cumulative effect of the series is extremely powerful,” says Comer, who is now the chief curator of media and performance art at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Unlike Drucker and Ernst’s other collaborations, which tend to be more layered and complex, “Relationship” speaks to audiences because it is so direct. It is about love between two humans who happen to be trans. “It’s an   shattering book,” says Kate Bornstein, a trans activist and queer theorist. “You can’t read this book and not understand that trans is an identity that is desirable and filled with desire. There are going to be people writing to Zackary and Rhys saying, ‘Oh, my God, thank you!’ Because right now, being attracted to a trans person is seen as a perversion. ” Drucker and Ernst understand why people are curious about them. “Trans people are basically asking everyone to   evaluate their notions of gender,” Drucker says. This involves more than changing a few names and pronouns. It means upending our rules about who gets to be a man or a woman, and how we expect everyone to behave. The effects can be disorienting. As someone who has occasionally chafed against the ways women are expected to perform femininity, I found myself marveling at Drucker’s girlishness, including her perfectly painted fingernails (against my own   nailed nubs). What, I asked her, inspires these choices? Were they not burdensome? Drucker patiently explained that she does what makes her feel confident, and she likes the look of manicured nails. It was an answer that could have come from my mother. Recognizing the difference between how gender is felt and how it is enforced can also be liberating. “Modern masculinity is so confining,” Jerid Bartow, Drucker’s   boyfriend, told me one evening. “We’re trained to swallow our emotions, to not seem like a sissy. But those expectations don’t exist in our relationship, which is such a relief. ” Bartow recalled a night I was with him and Drucker while they were getting ready for a party, when he declared, “I’m having a clothing crisis!” next to a bed of discarded outfits. “That’s something men are trained not to say. ” Ernst points out that maleness does indeed come with privileges, like being able to ask for things unapologetically and say things authoritatively without being judged. But, he says, “effeminate men, gay men, smaller men, people who are perceived as younger men,” don’t enjoy quite the same benefits. As a    sparsely bearded trans man who now identifies as gay, he says he has found it harder to secure a strong place in this “incredible pecking order. ” He adds that men who believe they are in   only spaces will say “repulsive things about women. ” He suspects that this misogynistic posturing is largely about earning the respect of other men. “It’s this male obsession with each other that results in a kind of weird, sort of insecure   sniffing. ” Both Drucker and Ernst have made a commitment  —   separately and together  —   to live their lives as openly and proudly as possible. “As an artist, I’ve always believed in having a fully integrated self and not omitting parts of who you are or what your history is,” Drucker says. “And being a woman named Zackary makes me very visible. ” Being out is not always easy. Like most trans men, Ernst passes as a cis male, so telling people he’s trans means “rocking that boat every day. ” He recalls his discomfort during the Q. A. sessions after screenings of his CalArts thesis short, “The Thing,” at Sundance in 2012. The film is about a heterosexual couple on a fraught road trip. The man is trans. Audience members naturally asked him why he made that choice. “I realized I had to come out as trans every time on the stage,” Ernst remembers. “You have to muster all this bravery and courage to transition and tell the whole world, and then you think, ‘O. K. good, that’s over.’ But then you realize you have to continue that every day  —   forever. ”",0
5374,A Trip to ‘Mars’ Signals a New Look for National Geographic Channel - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Over the last year, the National Geographic Channel has turned itself inside out. Gone are derivative,   reality shows set in Alaska. Arriving are lavish productions like “Mars,” a   from an   team that began on Monday. Even as it spends more on less  —   about $400 million a year for 150 hours of programming, compared with $300 million for 450 hours before  —   the channel has cut advertising minutes by up to 50 percent. Will this   of National Geographic succeed? Some people in the television business think the answer is no. But James Murdoch, now in his second year as chief executive of 21st Century Fox, is betting that his unorthodox plan signifies the future  —   how   networks like National Geographic must evolve if they are going to survive (and, hopefully, thrive) in a rapidly changing media environment. The overhaul is Mr. Murdoch’s first major entertainment initiative. “It’s not really a linear ratings game anymore,” he said in an interview about the channel, which is   by Fox. “It’s about creating demand across platforms, and part of the way to do that is to have programming that is big and commands attention. The last thing you can be in this world is disposable. ” After sauntering along for years without posing any real threat, National Geographic and other lightly viewed channels  —   CMT, Oxygen, truTV  —   are now facing a     future. Younger viewers increasingly live in an   world, where networks don’t matter. Tired of paying for channels they rarely watch, consumers are downsizing to   skinny core bundles or forgoing pay television altogether. “National Geographic has not been considered a   network,” said Anthony DiClemente, an analyst with Instinet.   series represent National Geographic’s effort to avoid getting squeezed out. Fox also hopes to convince distributors like Comcast and ATT to pay more to carry National Geographic. The channel, available in 91 million homes in the United States, receives about 23 cents per subscriber per month, according to SNL Kagan. Discovery Channel, in comparison, receives almost double that amount. In many ways, the new National Geographic plan is similar to the one Fox has long used at FX, home to prestige dramas like “Fargo. ” “Premium is a word we are using exhaustively now,” said Courteney Monroe, a former marketer for HBO and others who was named chief executive of National Geographic Global Networks last year. “Entertaining and smart are not mutually exclusive. ” “Mars” marks the hairpin turn. The $20 million   produced by a team that includes the   pair Ron Howard and Brian Grazer, mixes scripted drama and documentary sequences in a story about efforts by humans to colonize the red planet. The fictionalized portion looks at a crewed mission to Mars in 2033. Interviews with scientists and footage taped at SpaceX, the aerospace firm founded by Elon Musk, make up the rest. Mr. Grazer said he first pitched the expensive project to Peter Rice, chief executive of Fox Networks Group, over lunch. “It was the fastest ‘yes’ I think I’ve ever gotten,” he said, emphasizing that Mr. Rice has played an important role in National Geographic’s turn. Mr. Grazer described Ms. Monroe, who has limited programming experience, as “high quality, a big thinker, the opposite of petty, someone who will forgive the little things to get to the big things. ” In the pipeline behind “Mars” are ambitious scripted projects like “Genius,” an anthology series, and “Dragon Teeth,” a limited series from Steven Spielberg’s Amblin Television. These kinds of efforts, which Declan Moore, chief executive of National Geographic Partners, called “exciting, adventurous, audacious, awesome,” are designed to attract cable viewers who are tired of rote reality shows. Mr. Moore plans to monetize viewing across platforms (video on demand, streaming services, iTunes, DVD) while profiting through improved corporate synergy. There are “Mars”  books from a publishing division the titular   magazine has Mars on its cover and digital channels (National Geographic is the No. 1 noncelebrity brand on Instagram) will also push out “Mars”  content. Much of what Fox is doing runs counter to conventional business methods, leading some rivals to scratch their heads. Specials are great, but what fills all the hours in between? And since when is the game not about linear ratings? A recent stunt by National Geographic was seen as particularly odd. The channel paid millions of dollars for “Before the Flood,” a climate change documentary produced by a team that included Leonardo DiCaprio, and after running it a couple of times, the channel gave it away for free on YouTube. National Geographic executives readily acknowledge that they will not make money on the film rather, they always saw it as a   effort. National Geographic, after all, got its start in 1888 as an academic society dedicated to spreading geographic knowledge. A company spokesman, Christopher Albert, said the film was viewed, at least in part, by roughly 64 million people worldwide. “We see this as a really big success,” he said. National Geographic Channel has a long history overseas, where it reaches more than 350 million homes. But it became a   network in the United States only in 2001. There was no real cable niche left to fill, so the channel, then a partnership between Fox and the National Geographic Society, largely copied the reality show playbooks of competitors. It worked only modestly, and serious society members recoiled at lowbrow efforts like “Taboo” and “Meet the Hutterites. ” “We sort of never lived up to the potential of the brand,” Ms. Monroe said. Then the media business started to fray. National Geographic magazine, with its   photography, watched as subscriptions dwindled, putting pressure on the affiliated National Geographic Society, a nonprofit dedicated to   pursuits. And the television apparatus started to encounter challenges of its own. Last year, 21st Century Fox paid $725 million to buy the bulk of the National Geographic Society’s business holdings. Together they created a new company, National Geographic Partners, which encompasses television, print publications, maps, digital media, children’s media, licensing and tours. The partners share governance, but Fox owns 73 percent of the venture. The National Geographic Society continued as a separate nonprofit. Even as the channel’s new programming strategy has prompted questions, it has answered others. Some purists were outraged by the Fox deal. As the primatologist Jane Goodall told a Canadian interviewer: “I truly thought it was a joke. This can’t be true. National Geographic, the National Geographic, being owned almost entirely by Fox News, which is filled with climate deniers and almost   science?” A year later, those worries have dissipated. Gary E. Knell, chief executive of the National Geographic Society, said he has been thrilled by the   programming. And he noted that his philanthropy suddenly has lots of money to spend. The society recently announced an expedition to document the sources of the Cuando River in the remote highlands of Angola as part of an effort to protect its ecosystem. “Most nonprofits spend most of their time ” Mr. Knell said. “We now spend our time thinking about how to change the world. ”",0
5375,VIDEO : CNN BUFFOON WOLF BLITZER BEGS TRUMP TEAM TO STOP ATTACKS ON MEDIA – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : CNN BUFFOON WOLF BLITZER BEGS TRUMP TEAM TO STOP ATTACKS ON MEDIA VIDEO : CNN BUFFOON WOLF BLITZER BEGS TRUMP TEAM TO STOP ATTACKS ON MEDIA Videos By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
We will NEVER stop attacking this disgraceful North Korea-style government-run propaganda media whose sole purpose is to spew pro-Hillary rhetoric, anti-Trump lies, and cover up for the most unliked candidate in the history of American elections. 
The American mainstream media is the enemy of the people. 
If they want Trump of any of us to STOP attacking them, they need to STOP trying to ALTER the outcome of a presidential election by behaving like a SUPERPAC for Hillary Clinton. 
Until then, no – we won’t stop. 
Actually, we’ll rev it up a NOTCH. 
Watch the video: 
— The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) October 25, 2016 Tune out the North Korea media. 
And if you see them online, engage them – challenge them on their biased and unfair reporting. 
HOLD THESE BASTARDS ACCOUNTABLE. 
Do not shy away or hold back. 
If we want a free country we need to stand up and FIGHT for it! This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
5377,Google And God,"(16 fans) - Advertisement - Yeah. I know, I know. I'm an iconoclast. Yep and I'm proud of it. So the other day I got to thinking about religion and other things in the Homo Sapiens space called life. You know I get philosophical from time to time. And then I get inspired to tackle some very touchy and sensitive subjects that usually set off a lot of people. I get a perverse joy in rubbing people the wrong way and send them into WFT hissy fits. So you know that this article is going to have some folks seeing red and the God-police will start pulling out their truncheons to give me a whack on the ole noggin just to prove their point that I should not meddle in the affairs of the Great Father somewhere in a place called Heaven. The fact is that today, with the click of a mouse button the era of seeking answers and advice about God directly from rabbis, pastors, or imams is gradually coming to an end. And the cause of this backsliding and undermining of the hitherto unquestioned role of these ""emissaries of God on earth?"" Well, it's not a human person but Artificial Intelligence personified and its called ""Google."" Google may be the well-known supercomputer system that processes information by nano-seconds but AI has been with us for a long time. Consider the following: Self-driving cars have arrived; Siri (on your Iphones and Ipads) can listen to your voice and find the nearest movie theatre; and I.B.M. set the "" Jeopardy""- conquering Watson to work on medicine, initially training medical students, perhaps eventually helping in diagnosis. Nowadays, scarcely a week goes by without the announcement of a new A.I. product or technique. And for all the constant complaining about the religious right's inappropriate influence in politics and religious conservatives' attempts to tear down the church-state wall, the secular movement in America is actually doing quite well. The most recent Pew Research Center poll says 23 percent of Americans are religiously unaffiliated (atheists, agnostics and no-religion people); that percentage increases to 35 percent for Americans under thirty-five -- young people are not doing too many religious conversions, and see God as part of a belief system of their parents. So, for Americans in the Bible Belt and elsewhere this is alarming news - if secularism hasn't yet taken over the country, its on track for that to happen. And its all the fault of artificial intelligence as epitomized in the incredible superpower of Google . Now I do NOT intend to be dismissive of religion or disrespect people's beliefs OR their right to worship and believe what they want to. Me? I believe that every Thursday night when karaoke takes place in Brooklyn my bulldog Max turns into a werewolf seeking cats to relieve them of their hemoglobin fluids. You get my drift -- you can believe what you want but that does not make what you believe true. But one thing is not in doubt -- Google and God are on our daily human agendas. Indeed, the questions that Americans type into Google searches about God appear to confirm the country's rising secularism. For example, according to an economist writing in the New York Times : ""Despite the rising popularity of Pope Francis, who was elected in 2013, Google searches for churches are 15 percent lower in the first half of this decade than they were during the last half of the previous one. The top Google search including the word ""God"" is ""God of War,"" a videogame, with more than 700,000 searches per year."" Bummer, people searching for a videogame with the word ""God"" in it? WFT! Are people losing their cotton-picking minds? And to make matter worse the same economist, Stephens-Davidowitz, also discovered that ""Searches questioning God's existence are up."" He went further to seek what questions people Google whilst in their periods of doubt: The No. 1 question? In the United States of America? Is without a doubt: ""who created God?"" And the second? ""why God allows suffering?"" in number 3 ""why does God hate me? And in fourth place: ""why God needs so much praise?"" - Advertisement - It now appears from this data that people in America are looking to Google for answers to some pertinent and serious questions about God and in an oblique way questioning what they were taught by their parents and learned in churches on Sundays for so many years. There is absolutely no doubt that the Internet and Google have been at odds with religion. The Google phenomenon is also explainable in the context of the adversarial relationship between science and religion -- they just don't mix. Religion -- all religions -- are based on a system of blind, unquestioning belief and a rejection of objective inquiry that is substituted with faith. Religions place and validate this faith by statements found in their Holy Books that's interpreted by preachers, pastors, priests and ministers. These writings and teachings MUST be accepted without question by the faithful. Science on the other hand believes that ALL things in nature should be questioned and examined. And that it is only by this kind of objective inquiry that humankind has progressed and will progress. The Internet and Google are not the products of a Sunday sermon or the dogmatic faith or prayers of the faithful. Advances in medicine, communications technology, transportation, and other things that define modern human existence are the results of science -- not faith or belief. In fact, the cornerstone of the scientific method is to question everything; science accepts nothing that is not provable -- again and again and again. The rise of American secularism and of individuals with no religious affiliations is directly due to the rise and use of the Internet. Hitherto the Internet, and in particular Google , people used libraries and their church leaders for research on questions of faith, belief, and the existence of God. Religion had a stranglehold on knowledge and issues of God and Sin. But with the advent of Google information and knowledge became readily available and a new generation is now growing up in a society more open to doubting old canards and traditional belief systems. Google has undermined religion's central premise for the belief in God -- his all-knowing faculty. Google now processes over 40,000 search queries every second on average which translates to over 3.5 billion searches per day and 1.2 trillion searches per year worldwide. Google can bring up literally millions of hits SIMULTANEOUSLY on every conceivable topic that the human mind can imagine -- including Biblical history, origins and that of other religious books, and their pros and cons. For iconoclasts like me declining religious affiliation is akin to social improvement. It's evidence of the clarifying influence of scientific rationality that's the end result of the global information revolution. I know that one of the questions here will undoubtedly be about personal faith in the context of our ability to pay bills, order clothes and food, communicate with friends and family and send emails across the word in seconds. And too, I'll hear the issue of the difference between Google as a profit-making, altruistic organization, and the church whose primary concern is about the condition of our souls. These are valid arguments when it comes to God and Google. I'm not suggesting that this is an either or situation. But what I am suggesting is that modern experiences in the secular world are now impacting religious belief and not in a very positive manner. - Advertisement - And yes, from a religious standpoint the question is: because of the rise of Google are religious institutions that used to answer questions about God and Sin crowdsourcing the acts of faith that the entire system is built on? Put another way, does religion risk losing its ability to provide answers to life on earth when Google's data cannot do so? And, in today's Internet and Google dominated world will faithful people when in doubt, Google ""who created God?""",0
5378,Appeals Court Judges Explain Why Donald Trump’s Immigration Order is Legal - Breitbart,"The full U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on Wednesday voted against rehearing the   panel decision that had affirmed a lower court’s blocking President Donald Trump’s first executive order on immigration from   nations. [Five conservative judges on the San   court dissented from that denial of an en banc rehearing, writing an opinion explaining why their court should reconsider the case.  The dissent by written by Judge Jay Bybee, who began his   dissent by stating, “Whatever we, as individuals, may feel about the President or the Executive Order, the President’s decision was well within the powers of the presidency, and the wisdom of the policy choices made by the President is not a matter for our consideration. ” Bybee quoted a 1950 Supreme Court case which declared, “The exclusion of aliens is a fundamental act of sovereignty. ” The dissenting judges also quoted the relevant provision of federal law, where Congress decided at 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f): Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate. Bybee went on to explain that: [T]he panel made several other legal errors. Its holding that the States were likely to succeed on the merits of their procedural due process claims confound   precedent. And its unreasoned assumption that courts should simply plop Establishment Clause cases from the domestic context over to the foreign affairs context ignores the realities of our world. The Supreme Court held in 1976 that “the responsibility for regulating the relationship between the United States and our alien visitors has been committed to the political branches of the Federal Government. ” The political branches are elected officials in Congress and the White House. The law requires judges to “distinguish between two groups of aliens: those who are present within our borders and those who are seeking admission,” Bybee continued. The Ninth Circuit   panel acknowledged that the Supreme Court forbids courts from looking to the motivation of immigration officers when they deny an alien entry into the United States, but then held that this rule does not keep judges from determining the motivation when a president makes the same decision. That “stands the separation of powers on its head,” Bybee added. “With a moment’s thought, that principle cannot withstand the gentlest inquiry. ” Showing how the Supreme Court’s Kleindiest v. Mandel case sets forth the constitutional rule that controls this legal challenge, Bybee observed, “Compounding its omission, the panel missed all of our own cases applying Mandel to constitutional challenges to immigration decisions. ” After exploring several Supreme Court cases that all point in the same direction, the dissenting judges summarized, “When we apply the correct standard of review, the President does not have to come forward with supporting documentation to explain the basis for the Executive Order. ” “As tempting as it is to use the judicial power to balance   …     competing interests as we see fit, we cannot let our personal inclinations get ahead of important, overarching principles about who gets to make decisions in our democracy,” Bybee said. Noting that “every four years we hold a contested presidential election” in which every judge is disappointed at some point in their careers, he added that federal judges must “respect the consequences of our elections” and “trust that the wisdom of the nation as a whole will prevail in the end. ” Judge Bybee and his dissenting colleagues concluded: Above all, in a democracy, we have the duty to preserve the liberty of the people by keeping the enormous powers of the national government separated. We are judges, not Platonic Guardians. It is our duty to say what the law is, and the   of our law, the U. S. Constitution, commits the power to make foreign policy, including the decisions to permit or forbid entry into the United States, to the President and Congress. It is unlikely that the Trump administration will petition the Supreme Court to review this particular decision, which concerned only the first policy, Executive Order 13769. More likely, when one or more of the federal appeals courts hearing the challenges to the revised policy —  Executive Order 13780 —  issues their decisions on the new order, the High Court will finally weigh in, unless the   policy has expired by that point. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
5379,Re: DOJ AG Loretta Lynch Advised FBI Director to Keep New Emails from Congress,"According to a report, Attorney General Loretta Lynch advised FBI Director James Comey to not send a letter to Congress that would inform them of new emails the agency discovered in their investigation of Hillary Clinton 's illegal email server. 
The New Yorker reported : 
On Friday, James Comey , the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton 's private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election , but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise. 
Comey's decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. 
""You don't do this,"" one former senior Justice Department official said. ""It's aberrational. It violates decades of practice."" The reason, according to the former official, who asked not to be identified because of ongoing cases involving the department, ""is because it impugns the integrity and reputation of the candidate, even though there's no finding by a court, or in this instance even an indictment."" 
In the letter that Comey sent to staffers , he expressed that he was under an obligation to inform the people's representatives of the finding. 
""Of course, we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed,"" Comey wrote. ""I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record."" 
""At the same time, however, given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression,"" he added. ""In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season there is significant risk of being misunderstood."" 
What I don't get, or maybe I really do, is that Comey would not recommend charges against Clinton when he knew for a fact that she broke federal law and had the evidence in hand to prove it. So, don't be deceived by this recent opening of the Clinton probe into her email crimes . Nothing is going to come of it because all of these people are in bed together and they are merely putting on a show for the American people. Mark my words. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
5380,"’The View’ Co-Hosts Ask If Palin, Nugent, Kid Rock Visit the ’Saddest Day’ at White House Since the British Burned it Down? - Breitbart","Friday on ABC’s “The View,” the panel discussed the possibility of Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin visit to the White House earlier this week being “the saddest day in the history of the White House since the British burned it to the ground in 1814?”    Joy Behar asked, “So, is this the saddest day in the history of the White House since the British burned it to the ground in 1814?”   Sunny Hostin said, “I think so. I think what was offensive to me was that Sarah Palin said she brought them because Jesus wasn’t available, so she’s comparing these folks to Jesus. ” Behar sarcastically added, “Oh, but they’re going to make America great again, these three. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5381,Trump and all the other far right leaders are Zionist stooges,"Naming Trump, Nigel Farage in Britain and Marine Le Pen in France, the UN accused them of employing “fear” tactics similar to those of the Islamic State group. Note: U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein has really hit the nail on the head here. Not only has he correctly pointed out that Trump, Nigel Farage, Marine LePen, Geert Wilders and the rest of the far-right leaders employ the tactics of fear and bigotry but he also correctly identifies their agenda as being the promotion of hatred with the eventual result that ‘colossal violence’ will ensue.
However, he does not go far enough in exposing these scumbags, most likely because he knows he would be placing himself in the crosshairs of the Zionists who stand behind these puppets.
What went unsaid is that all of these people are stooges for the Zionists and Israel, they are tasked with creating horrible divisions in our societies, turning white against brown and black, Christian against Muslim, indigenous against migrant.
This is the Zionist agenda to weaken and enslave via the strategy of divide and conquer, as laid out in the Protocols of Zion. They want to destroy our nations by promoting inter-racial hatred and violence; they want to see the nation states of the west burn down in a wave of racially motivated violence; that is why Trump spouts such hateful and disgusting rhetoric against Mexicans, blacks and Muslims, it is to promote a race war that would devastate America. — Ian Greenhalgh, Veterans Today 

Trump and Europe’s Far-Right Fanning Flames of Hate: UN The United Nations human rights chief on Monday accused U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of spreading “humiliating racial and religious prejudice” and warned of a rise of populist politics that could turn violent.
In comments at a security and justice conference, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein said he was addressing Dutch far-right leader Geert Wilders and other “populists, demagogues and political fantasists.”
Naming Trump, Nigel Farage in Britain and Marine Le Pen in France, among others, he accused them of using “fear” tactics similar to those of the Islamic State group, also known by its Arabic acronym, Daesh.
“Make no mistake, I certainly do not equate the actions of nationalist demagogues with those of Daesh,” he said. “But in its mode of communication, its use of half-truths and oversimplification, the propaganda of Daesh uses tactics similar to those of the populists.”
In a tweet, Wilders called Zeid “an idiot.”
Zeid labelled Wilders’ March 2017 election platform, which calls for no Muslim immigrants, the closing of mosques and the banning of the Quran, as “grotesque.”
“The U.N. is grotesque,” Wilders responded. “Let’s get rid of these bureaucrats.”
But Zeid said Wilders’ rhetoric could have terrible consequences.
“History has perhaps taught Mr. Wilders and his ilk how effectively xenophobia and bigotry can be weaponized,” he said.
“The atmosphere will become thick with hate; at this point it can descend rapidly into colossal violence,” he warned.
Source: Telesur 
Via: Veterans Today 
More from Political Insider… Just 11 Days Before the Election, Israel Sends Incredible Message to Donald Trump! WHOA 
America is supporting Donald Trump, and his message to clean up the corrupt federal government is winning over millions of voters.
It’s a refreshing message, and Trump’s conservative vision is why he earned more votes than any Republican primary candidate in history!
In fact, Trump is so popular, his support is world-wide.
Here’s what’s going on in Jerusalem now. There is a clear message here that Hillary Clinton can’t be happy about.
As Yahoo News reports :
On a rooftop overlooking the walls of Jerusalem’s Old City, around 200 American-Israeli fans of Donald Trump gathered to proclaim their support for the Republican candidate, convinced he will be Israel’s best friend if elected.
Wearing “Make America Great Again” baseball caps, the small crowd, ranging from Holocaust survivors in their 80s to grinning teenagers in Trump t-shirts, said they didn’t care about the sexual assault allegations against the candidate or the online anti-Semitism of some of his supporters.
“Trump will let Israel be itself and make its own decisions, that’s what I like,” David Weissman, a 35-year-old from Queens, New York, who moved to Israel three years ago, said at the event late on Wednesday.
“He’s not a saint, but look at his achievements. He’s not afraid to identify the enemy as radical Islam, and he’s not going to support the two-state solution,” he said, referring to long-standing efforts to forge peace with the Palestinians.
Clearly, the people of Israel have seen the mess caused in the Middle East by 8 years of weakness from President Barack Obama’s White House.

After Obama’s devastating and illegal pay-off to the Iranian regime, the Israeli people have a lot riding on the 2016 presidential election. They can’t continue to protect their citizens from harm if liberals in America keep funding their enemies.
This is why Trump is popular in Israel:

On day 1, Trump will have a better relationship with Israel than Obama ever had. Israel is our ally, and they deserve our support.
Source: Political Insider 
",0
5382,Two Thirds of Germans Fear Becoming Victims of Terror Attacks,"An alarming 66 per cent of Germans are afraid they will become the victim of a terrorist attack, with 10 per cent perceiving an “acute threat” to their safety. [The fear is even more widespread among women, the study published by German legal expenses insurance group ROLAND found.  Of the female respondents, 74 per cent said they sometimes feel unsafe in crowded places, and nine per cent felt permanently threatened and scared. The authors state: “A large part of the population doesn’t feel safe anymore when visiting crowded places. The fear of becoming the victim of a terrorist attack with a high number of casualties is considerable. “A total of 45 per cent of respondents feel uneasy when visiting crowded locations like stations, festivals or even in the downtowns. “Three percent of the population feel permanently unsafe when visiting a public place along with many other people. ” The poll, of 1, 458 citizens over    was conducted in October, before the Islamic State truck attack on the Berlin Christmas market in which Tunisia migrant murdered 12 people. The truck rampage was Germany’s worst terror atrocity since the 1980s, but followed 21 months of Islamist suicide bombings, shootings, and axe attacks. The terrorist killers responsible have included numerous “refugees” from Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Algeria, as well as several German citizens of Turkish descent indoctrinated in radical Islam. Around seven of the plots and attacks are thought to have been linked to Islamic State. Germany appears to have become a target of Islamist aggression since the beginning of the migrant crisis in the summer of 2015, with some blaming Chancellor Angela Merkel’s open borders mass migration policy. Several serious plots have been foiled by security forces. In February last year, three Algerians said to have “lived in refugee shelters” were arrested for plotting to attack Berlin. The men had links to Islamic State, and the Berlin prosecutor’s office said they were aware of a “concrete” plan to target the German capital.",0
5383,Celebrities Melt Down Over Comey Firing: ’Full Blown Constitutional Crisis’,"Hollywood celebrities reacted with shock and anger Tuesday following the White House’s announcement that President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. [Comey, who was appointed director of the agency by former president Obama in 2013, was fired after an evaluation conducted by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Borenstein. In his letter to Trump, Sessions wrote that “a fresh start is needed at the leadership of the FBI. ”  “It is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission,” Trump himself wrote in a letter to Comey released Tuesday. But leftist celebrities  —   including longtime Trump critics Rosie O’Donnell, Michael Moore, Chelsea Handler and Joss Whedon  —   were up in arms over Tuesday’s announcement. “Trump might just as well have said: ‘Lock me up,’” wrote actor and filmmaker Rob Reiner. “Last gasp of a dying man. GOP stop being unpatriotic pussies. ” “RESIGN YOU PATHETIC MORONIC SPOILED RICH PRICK,” added O’Donnell. Below, find a sampling of Hollywood’s reaction to Comey’s firing. Warning: some tweets contain strong language. TRUMP FIRES COMEY! ABSOLUTE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE! ABSOLUTE EVIL! ? 8^¥  —   Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) May 9, 2017,  TRUMP SAYS 1 OF THE REASONS HE FIRED FBI DIRECTOR COMEY IS BECAUSE OF WHAT HE DID 2HILLARY CLINTON. GOD, HE IS A A GUTLESS, LYING, TRAITOR ‼️  —   Cher (@cher) May 9, 2017,  No spin   keep it simple   just fired the guy investigating him. Facts so inconvenient i know. We must Impeach this clown NOW,  —   John Cusack (@johncusack) May 9, 2017,  @realDonaldTrump RESIGN YOU PATHETIC MORONIC SPOILED RICH PRICK,  —   ROSIE (@Rosie) May 9, 2017,  WALK OUT COME ON  —   WALK UR AMERICAN ASS OUT OF HIS CRIMINALLY CONTROLLED WHITE HOUSE  —   TURN UR BACK ON TRUMP #SICKtrump https:  .   —   ROSIE (@Rosie) May 9, 2017,  #COMEY This is absolutely OUTRAGEOUS! !! The Head of an IMPARTIAL agcy was FIRED bc he was uncovering corruption in the WH! #🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥  —   Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) May 9, 2017,  Impeach him,  —   John Legend (@johnlegend) May 9, 2017,  COMEY FIRED! Dirty, corrupt things afoot. The truth will all come out. The unraveling continues  …     Hold the election over. Dirty. Corrupt.  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) May 9, 2017,  We don’t need a special prosecutor. We need an Auror. @jk_rowling,  —   Joss Whedon (@joss) May 9, 2017,  Trump might just as well have said: ”Lock me up” Last gasp of a dying man. GOP stop being unpatriotic pussies. #SpecialProsecutor,  —   Rob Reiner (@robreiner) May 9, 2017,  Donald Trump definitely has syphillis!! Who would act like this? Nixon must have had syphillis too! @MitchMcConnell you better wake up,  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) May 9, 2017,  PLEASE WAKE UP THIS IS CRAY YALL https:  .   —   Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) May 9, 2017,  And to any of you who are okay with this, please let me know how cool you’d be if Hillary were President  did this as he investigated her.  —   Josh Gad (@joshgad) May 9, 2017,  Orange Shady is gonna make sure we never get to the bottom of this madness! ”Nixon The Sequel”. Remember the firing of Archibald Cox?! Hmmmm https:  .   —   Arsenio Hall (@ArsenioHall) May 9, 2017,  It may be reasonable to presume that any Republican who doesn’t support a special prosecutor is compromised by or complicit in #russiagate,  —   Wil Wheaton (@wilw) May 9, 2017,  I do. And he’s not totally wrong. Comey has been a hot mess. But as Lao Tzu said, In Action Watch The Timing. It’s suspect af. #resist https:  .   —   Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) May 9, 2017,  It’s your move, @GOP. Who will step up and be the hero?  —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) May 9, 2017,  Welp Comey is gone good thing the entire rest of the FBI isn’t suspicious of Trump nope looks like the whole thing has blown over now. 🙄  —   josh groban (@joshgroban) May 9, 2017,  When the President fires the man investigating him, and Congress and the Justice Dept won’t act, we have a full blown constitutional crisis.  —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) May 9, 2017,  Trump thinks he’s still on Celebrity Apprentice!  Wow! #Trump #Comey #comeyfired,  —   Kevin Nealon (@kevin_nealon) May 9, 2017,  Trump fires Comey ”because he wasn’t fair to Hillary. ”Are there even any Republicans buying this BS? Nyet. #IndependentInvestigation,  —   Adam McKay (@GhostPanther) May 9, 2017,    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
5384,Sniff your underarms and tell us if you stink...,Sniff your underarms and tell us if you stink... I'm ok. Your turn. Go! Anonymous Coward Report Copyright Violation Re: Sniff your underarms and tell us if you stink... Pretty rank these last few days. Wash day on Friday so not long till Im feeling fresh again. Have an itchy anus too. Anonymous Coward Re: Sniff your underarms and tell us if you stink... My underarms smell like the end of times Anonymous Coward ( OP ) Report Copyright Violation Re: Sniff your underarms and tell us if you stink... Pretty rank these last few days. Wash day on Friday so not long till Im feeling fresh again. Have an itchy anus too. Quoting: Anonymous Coward 73271021 You need to wash everyday. Why do you Europeans walk around stinking like that? You know better than that! Go hit the shower now!,0
5385,TIME MAGAZINE Reaches NEW LOW: It’s “Sexist” To Investigate Hillary Clinton!”,"0 comments 
With just days to go until the election, the Democrats are trying to salvage what little remains of Hillary Clinton’s reputation. Time Magazine is now trying to defend the left-wing candidate with a last resort–using the sexism card. 
As we get closer to Election Day, the left seems to be running out of excuses for their floundering candidate. Left-wing heads are on the verge of exploding. Not unlike the Galaxy S7. So, in Time Magazine’s latest attempt to play off Hillary Clinton’s FBI investigation , they’re digging deep and pulling out… the sexism card ?! 
I am mad. I am mad because I am scared. And if you are a woman, you should be, too. Emailgate is a bitch hunt, but the target is not Hillary Clinton. It’s us. 
No it isn’t. Emailgate, or my preferred term “Dikileaks” is about a candidate mishandling confidential email. A flagrant abuse of the law and our national security. Also, Hillary Clinton doesn’t represent all women. But nice try, dummy. 1 
The only reason the whole email flap has legs is because the candidate is female. Can you imagine this happening to a man? Clinton is guilty of SWF (Speaking While Female), and emailgate is just a reminder to us all that she has no business doing what she’s doing and must be punished, for the sake of all decent women everywhere. There is so much of that going around. 
Actually yes, we can imagine this happening to a man. Men cannot hide behind their vagina, or Time readers’ stupidity. Which means they’re usually punished. See also General Petraeus . Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is running for President. She might even win. While under FBI investigation. So “muh sexism” charges are lazy. And insulting to anyone who has three brain cells (like the writer of the Time article). 
The people are demanding Clinton act like moral exemplars, thundering from the pulpit like Jonathan Edwards or Cotton Mather. But Donald Trump, Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie, Newt Gingrich, Rush Limbaugh and their many conservative friends are not remotely Clinton’s moral superiors. They are simply bullies, using gender discrimination to give a veneer of plausibility to their accusations. 
“Moral exemplars”? “Thundering from the pulpit”? No, Time Magazine feminist shill, Robin Lakoff. People are demanding Hillary Clinton not be a criminal liar. Not really that much to ask of someone who wants to lead the country. 
Trump and the other men on Time Magazine’s list haven’t done anything illegal. That’s the difference, not their sex organs. Not their fashion choices. Evidence is piling up against Hillary more and more each day. Even the mainstream media is turning against her . Which means pantsuits or regular suits enter not into the Hillary is a Criminal equation. Her investigation isn’t about sexism. It’s about Hillary breaking the law. 
But desperate Time calls for predictable, desperate measures: SEXISM! Just as any criticism of Obama was deemed RACISM. 
Leftists are running out of defenses for the pantsuited devil-spawn. So they resort to old hat tactics. Just like they do when they say Wikileaks is the product of Russian hackers. 
If we had a brick for every Clinton scandal and misdeed, the wall wouldn’t cost a cent. There’s nothing sexist about holding someone, male or female, accountable for their actions. In fact, it’s kind of the opposite. It would be sexist NOT to hold Hillary to the same standards as all the boys. This is absolutely ridiculous. It’s not that we are against having a woman for president. We’re just against that woman being Hillary because she is corrupt and a pathological liar. Related Items",0
5386,Why So Few Whistleblowers? A Former CIA Agent's Story,"Why So Few Whistleblowers? A Former CIA Agent's Story « on: Today at 11:42:10 AM » Kevin Shipp is a major whistleblower coming from a solid background as a courageous, decorated CIA officer and anti terrorism expert. He held several high level positions in the CIA. A 2011 New York Times article describes the shocking details of Shipp's harrowing personal story of seeking justice and eventually turning whistleblower after his health and the health of his family were severely compromised.Running into the juggernaut faced by so many whistleblowers, Shipp ended up with both his marriage and his career destroyed. Yet in the end Shipp prevailed and managed to stay out of jail. He now speaks openly about both his own personal experiences and how the system works to silence and punish whistleblowers, and in so doing keep corruption and illegal activities at all levels covered up.Shipp's excellent essay below explains in detail why so few whistleblowers have come out on highly illegal activities related to Pentagon corruption, CIA manipulation and overthrow of governments, 9/11 shenanigans, secret mind control programs, and much more. His words show just how much courage it takes for people like Edward Snowden and Julian Assange to expose major government corruption. By spreading the word and calling for clear strong laws to protect whistleblowers, we can make a difference.With best wishes for a transformed world,Fred Burks for PEERS and WantToKnow.infoFormer White House interpreter and whistleblowerSilencing WhistleblowersBy Kevin ShippWhy dont more whistleblowers come out to expose illegal or unconstitutional secret government operations? If these activities are so illegal, why are people not coming forward to report them?Over the last fifty years US government intelligence agencies have perfected a complex, sequential system to systematically silence or destroy any employee, including his or her family, who attempts to reveal illegal or unconstitutional activities conducted as part of secret government operations.As a condition of employment, military and intelligence employees recruited for secret operations are required to sign a secrecy agreement, or nondisclosure agreement, before being given access to the position, which offers high pay and status in the organization. This agreement threatens civil and criminal penalties if the employee reveals ANY information regarding the program. Thinking the agreement will only be used for legal purposes and will get them the coveted job, all employees eagerly sign it.This secrecy agreement was originally designed to protect legitimate classified information, to protect military personnel during wartime and protect legitimate national defense information and technology.However, because of the binding power of the agreement, government agencies began using it as a powerful tool to silence federal employees who question the legality of certain government operations. It was the perfect tool to threaten, silence or jail any whistle blower who dared to challenge the secret operations of government.Today, the secrecy agreement is routinely used as an efficient weapon to intimidate or silence employees. Annual refresher briefings are given to remind employees of the penalties for violating the agreement. These penalties include huge fines, termination, financial ruin and even prison  all of which mean the destruction of their lives and their families. Most will not reveal any wrongdoing, no matter how egregious, for fear of calculated, severe retribution.When employees sign the secrecy agreement and are cleared for classified programs, they are not told they are giving up their right to a jury trial, or to sue the agency that hired them. If they try to do so as a whistle blower, they find they have no right to be heard in federal court. Many have found this out when their case was denied; then it was too late. That is part of the system.If the employee attempts to contact their Congressman or Senator, their representative is blocked from receiving any information about their case, because they do not have the necessary clearance.When the employee attempts to blow the whistle to the Congressional intelligence committees, their response is ignored. It is made clear to committee members that they are not to touch such cases, so they refer them back to their Senator or Congressman, who cannot access information involved in their case.If a courageous employee continues to proceed and blow the whistle, a system of personal and career destruction follows. This begins with promotions being denied, being turned down for sensitive or career enhancing assignments, and their files being flagged, ruining their reputation inside their agency. At this point their career is over. If they go quietly, the retribution stops.When the employee still continues their effort to report the information, their travel records, personnel records, medical records and security records are searched for mistakes or damaging information that can be used to threaten them with termination. Their telephones and computers are monitored searching for incriminating information. If no substantive information can be found, it is fabricated and placed in their file.Employees who refuse to back down are then subjected to internal security investigations, multiple, hostile interviews, attempting to get them to recant their information, and multiple polygraph interrogations.In many cases, the employee is commanded to report to the internal medical office for psychological evaluation. If they comply, the evaluation labels them as paranoid, unstable, or disgruntled. This information is placed in their file and is used later to justify the agencys action in the event of outside scrutiny.If the employee contacts a member of the news media, they are immediately cited with violating their secrecy agreement and criminal penalties are filed against them. Several news media outlets are connected to the CIA and NSA and notify them of the employees contact.Finally, the employee is forced to resign after being threatened with termination in kangaroo court meetings where the information fabricated in their files is used against them.After termination or forced resignation, interest rates on their internal credit union loans are raised to make the payments unaffordable. The release of the employees retirement funds needed provide for their family are blocked (a felony). The agency black lists them from gaining employment with other government agencies or contractors, further ruining them financially.Dehumanized, financially ruined and under severe emotional and mental pressure, the employees family begins to break apart. If the familys foundation is not strong, this results in alcoholism, depression and divorce. In some cases, it has resulted in the employee committing suicide, the ultimate goal of the program of destruction. This silences the employee permanently, obscuring the agencys role in their destruction. It is the perfect crime.Should the employee still have the resolve to endure this program of career and personal destruction and continues to press for release of the information, or if his family members attempt to sue the agency for the illegal activity, classified agencies will invoke the secretive State Secrets Privilege, which orders the employee and his family not to reveal the information or face prison. If the familys case reaches federal court, the State Secrets Privilege is invoked and the case is shut down  and sealed. Federal judges rubber stamp the censoring of the case without reviewing the case facts.Now that the employees case, and in some cases their familys case, is shut down and under seal, citing national security, the process of silencing the employee is complete. Many are never heard from again, fearing prison if they talk to anyone, including an attorney.Using attractive awards of multi-million dollar contracts, the US government military industrial complex convinces private corporations that their employees must be cleared and sign secrecy agreements. This includes employees at all levels, from secretaries to CEOs. Once they have signed the secrecy agreement, they are bound to keep all information, including potentially illegal information, quiet, being threatened with the same penalties.To date, over five million Americans have been required to sign this secrecy agreement and now fall under the shadow of the State Secrets Privilege.Only a few federal employees have made it through this systematic process of destruction to reveal what they know about the illegal operation they observed. Sadly, some whistle blowers have died mysterious deaths or committed suicide.Employees in intelligence agencies are aware of penalties contained in the secrecy agreement and the huge risk in violating it, even to expose corruption. Most look the other way to protect their careers, retirements and families. Many have observed the outward signs of the system of personal and career destruction used on others and a culture of fear exists. But, they are not fully aware of all that is being done. The full scope of the system is only known at the higher levels of the organization and is hidden from employees, until its use is necessary.This is why we do not see whistle blowers coming out and reporting what they have seen. This system has been used and perfected for over fifty years. It is being used because it works.It works, unless the system is exposed, the whistle blower knows what is coming and prepares for it, and they are supported by private organizations and individuals dedicated to truth in government.This support is essential, not only to protect the whistle blower and their family, but also to defend our Constitutional form of government from tyranny.Kevin M. Shipp,Video https://youtu.be/Nl5NW9KcMt0 Logged ""The two enemies of the people are criminals and government, so let us tie the second down with the chains of the Constitution so the second will not become the legalized version of the first.""Thomas Jefferson",0
5387,"Review: ‘If Our Bodies Could Talk,’ Our Spleens Probably Wouldn’t Be Funny - The New York Times","Ain’t you glad, Little Milton sang, that things don’t talk? Especially our bodies. In the 1960s and ’70s Reader’s Digest printed a series of   essays with titles like “I Am Joe’s Lung. ” These were popular, and weird. In “I Am Joe’s Heart,” this vital organ emoted like a stereotypically aggrieved Jewish mother. “When Joe thinks of me at all, he thinks of me as fragile and delicate. Delicate! When so far in his life I have pumped more than 300, 000 tons of blood?” Some of our organs, this time of year, are beyond speech. Recall the headline in The Onion, the satirical magazine, about a   country singer: “Liver Flees George Jones’ Body. ” James Hamblin’s first book is titled “If Our Bodies Could Talk: A Guide to Operating and Maintaining a Human Body. ” He’s a graduate of Indiana University’s medical school and a senior editor at The Atlantic. His book began its life as an online video series, also called “If Our Bodies Could Talk. ” His   segments are like “The Dr. Oz Show,” if “The Dr. Oz Show” were produced by   quirky interns from public radio’s “This American Life. ” Sadly there are no talking spleens or thyroids or wombs in Mr. Hamblin’s book. Sadly too there is little identifiable soul in it. Its cardinal humors are wan. “If Our Bodies Could Talk” is a numbingly upbeat grab bag of anecdotes and factoids and curiosities with no  . As your literary M. D. I cannot recommend it, except in the tiniest doses. To sit by its bedside for very long is to watch a patient expire. The strangling thing about “If Our Bodies Could Talk” is that someone has told Mr. Hamblin that he’s funny  —   there’s an attempt at a joke in almost every other paragraph  —   but he isn’t actually so, at least not on the page. You recognize his jokes as “humor,” but they don’t make you smile. A typical formulation: “Adrenaline is the hormone that’s meant to be released when we are under stress and need energy, say, to outrun a bear or lift a fallen boulder off our climbing partner. (He’s probably not alive anymore, but it’s worth checking. )” Not abysmal, you might think. But over the course of a long book these pokes in the ribs are monstrously wearing. They’re like having a pebble in your ski boot partway down a long slope, or a lash you can’t remove from your eye. Mr. Hamblin is at his best in “If Our Bodies Could Talk” on those rare occasions when he drops his dementedly amiable tone. Once in a while he goes on the attack against greed and waste and stupidity in health matters, and things pick up. “What is gluten?” “What makes hair curl?” “Do I need eight glasses of water a day?” “Why do males have nipples?” This is the sort of trampled ground that Mr. Hamblin’s book mostly covers. He maintains an interest in offbeat diseases, such as one that makes some people scratch constantly and one that causes the human skin to easily rub off. He dispenses offbeat facts as if they were canapés on a tray. “The average person has about six pounds of skin. ” “People with tattoos are six times more likely to have hepatitis C. ” “We produce 1. 5 liters of saliva a day. ” Then he turns to address the charlatans in the supplements industry, and his blood finally begins to simmer. Suddenly your eyeballs don’t have to be forced to remain on the page. He takes aim at a   1994 law called DSHEA (the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act) that prevents almost any regulation or safety testing of supplements. Supplements, he writes, is “a meaningless word that refers to nothing so much as a parallel pharmaceutical industry  —   one that has accomplished the spectacular feat of selling billions of dollars’ worth of most anything it likes, in almost any way it chooses, promising people anything conceivable about their bodies. ” You read this patriotic and   riff and realize that, in the bizarro world we occupy, it can’t be long before Lance Armstrong and Barry Bonds are named   of the Food and Drug Administration. Mr. Hamblin is just as good on drinks marketed under names like Smartwater and Vitaminwater and Fruitwater and Electrolyte Water. He quotes a doctor who tells him about Electrolyte Water, which is sold at Whole Foods, “The city water in Philadelphia has more electrolytes. ” (The city water in Philadelphia is notoriously mediocre. In her 1974 novel, “Oreo,” the novelist Fran Ross reminded us that it has long been called, after one of the city’s rivers, Schuylkill Punch.) It’s typical of Mr. Hamblin to step on his riff on dubious water products with a joke that’s D. O. A.: “Don’t drink the Oil Water. It’s for cars. ” We have a   relationship with medical knowledge. It’s so interesting and so terrible. Lucia Berlin, in her brilliant collection of stories, “A Manual for Cleaning Women” (2015) wrote about a nurse who considered the nature of clear colostomy bags and thought: “What if our bodies were transparent, like a washing machine window? How wondrous to watch ourselves. Joggers would jog even harder, blood pumping away. Lovers would love more. God damn! Look at that semen go! Diets would improve. ” Like Little Milton, I’d guess, I’m glad we don’t have that either.",0
5388,"Connie Britton on Brains, Beauty and Changes to ‘Nashville’ - The New York Times","In Season 4 of “Nashville,” Rayna Jaymes’s story line played out like an album of sad country songs, with her fractured family and flailing record label. Meanwhile, some   drama was happening offstage as this canceled ABC series sought a new home, bolstered by a Change. org petition signed by more than 174, 000 heartbroken fans. It found one, on CMT, where in a Season 5 preview at 9 p. m. on Thursday, Dec. 15, Rayna exhibits cracks in her gorgeous veneer. Her foundation shaken, “she is having some questions of her own mortality and her own artistry and her own sense of purpose in the world,” said Connie Britton, who plays her. “And that was exciting for me because I love questions of the soul where you are facing a transition in your own sense of who you are and what you’re doing and what you have to offer in the world. ” (The season begins Jan. 5.) By phone from the set in Nashville, Ms. Britton, 49 and the mother of a    son, Eyob, pondered the show’s direction. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Is it accurate that you’ve signed on for only 10 of this season’s 22 episodes? That is not accurate. Look, there was so much that got bounced around this summer as the show was canceled and then picked up again. I can just say that I’m completely invested in this season and particularly in these new writers. [The showrunners] Marshall [Herskovitz] and Ed [Zwick] have been a wonderful breath of fresh air, and that’s been really exciting. Did the move to CMT require a reboot? It was complete rebooting and, quite honestly, it was necessary. I did feel to some degree that the show had gone in a direction where we were losing a lot of what the subject matter can provide  —   everything from story to replicating this really rich town of Nashville. When you get soapier and soapier, your characters suffer because they start to show up just to deliver plot, and you lose sight of who they are. So I think the show is going to move forward in a more languid way that I’m hopeful will really bring these characters back to life. What’s the best thing about playing Rayna? I love the challenge of constant   which to me feels very relevant as a woman and as a career woman and as a mother. But quite frankly, probably what I love most is the thing that scares and challenges me the most, which is the music. So even though every single time I have to sing I have some sort of crazy anxiety attack, it’s still the most exciting part of the whole thing. It’s been said that women like you because you lead with your brains, not your beauty. I feel very fortunate that I never got into this business as a beauty queen. Even back in high school, the actors I idolized were the chameleons. That really took the onus off of what I looked like, and what a beautiful woman is supposed to look like. I still feel really lucky, because gosh, as you get older, that stuff starts to go away, and there’s nothing you can do about it. I do see friends of mine who are panicking  —   and I’m not panicking. Don’t get me wrong: When I see wrinkles on my face, it doesn’t make me happy. But at the same time, I’m always coming from the inside in terms of my approach to the world. So there’s power in owning your age. I’m not interested in playing   . I’m not interested in playing irrelevant. I want to depict characters who are getting better with age. That sounds like such a cliché, but all the women I know who are in their 40s are awesome and sexy and so smart and have life experience that you cannot duplicate. And this show is really a great opportunity to push back on the idea. When the show first came out, there was a lot of marketing going on  —   “Rayna Jaymes, the fading country music star. ” And I have fought it every step of the way, because I’m like, “Absolutely not. ” What I know is existing in a world that’s changing around you and the complications that come along with that. But certainly not just the victim of a life gone by. No way. Is this your last season? I’m not sure, honestly. We’re all sort of figuring out what’s happening, and right now we’re just in it. And I’m really happy to be in that place. How would you want Rayna to go out? Oh my gosh. [Pause.] In a blaze of country music glory!",0
5389,Bill English Is Chosen as New Zealand’s Prime Minister - The New York Times,"SYDNEY, Australia  —   Bill English, a veteran conservative politician, became New Zealand’s 39th prime minister on Monday after the governing National Party chose him to succeed John Key, whose resignation a week ago took New Zealand by surprise. Mr. English, 54, was the favorite to succeed Mr. Key, 55, a popular prime minister who had led the National Party to three election victories since 2008. Next year, Mr. English, who was Mr. Key’s finance minister and deputy prime minister, faces the challenge of winning a fourth consecutive election for the National Party. “I want to be a prime minister where New Zealanders feel they can flourish here,” Mr. English said at a news conference in Wellington on Monday. “Not just some New Zealanders, all New Zealanders. ” New Zealand political analysts said that while the National Party was expected to win the next election, the resignation of Mr. Key had given the   Labour and Green Parties hope that they could still claim an unlikely victory. In explaining his decision to resign one year before his term ended, Mr. Key, a former Merrill Lynch executive, cited a desire to spend more time with his family and said he had never wanted to be a career politician. Analysts said Mr. English had his work cut out for him to replicate Mr. Key’s popularity with voters. “Bill English is not a natural leader,” Jon Johansson, a senior lecturer in the school of history, philosophy, political science and international relations at Victoria University in Wellington, said in a phone interview. “He is a technocrat, and that will make the task of the National Party winning a fourth consecutive term much more difficult. ” Mr. Johansson put the chances of the National Party’s winning the 2017 election at 50 to 60 percent. If Mr. Key had not stepped down, Mr. Johansson said, the party’s chances would have risen to 90 percent. Still, Mr. English’s steady stewardship of the New Zealand economy through the 2008 financial crisis counts in his favor. In 2016, economic growth has been 2. 8 percent, and New Zealand’s Treasury forecasts growth of 3. 6 percent next year, with unemployment falling to 4. 8 percent from the current 5 percent. “He’s very experienced, and in political terms he is quite old,” Colin James, one of New Zealand’s   political commentators, said in an interview. “If he can maintain support for the National Party at around current levels, he will be well liked in the party. ” In the 2014 election, the National Party got 47 percent of the vote. The Labour Party received 25 percent, and the Green Party received 11 percent. The National Party governs with the help of small   parties. “John Key dominated our politics and had his foot on the throat of the opposition for eight years,” Mr. Johansson said. First elected to Parliament in 1990, Mr. English has also been a minister in charge of regulatory reform, education and health. He was sworn in as prime minister at a brief ceremony on Monday after Mr. Key formally resigned. A Catholic, Mr. English has opposed   marriage, which became legal in New Zealand in 2013. Despite a reputation for lacking charisma, he displays a dry, laconic wit as a public speaker and has boxed publicly for charity. But in 2002, he led the National Party to its worst ever performance in a century, said Mr. James, the political commentator.",0
5390,How to Pay for College With Less Stress - The New York Times,"In this our quadrennial season of financial hope, we might wish that the major presidential candidates would reckon with one of the large and looming numbers in our lives. Maybe this particular pair of multimillionaires hears the parents and grandparents who are confounded by college price tags that seem to start at six figures. But the candidates’ plans don’t hold out much cause for hope. Hillary Clinton wants to make   tuition for   state universities free for families with less than $125, 000 in income, but her plan would require the financial help of states that may not want to chip in. Donald Trump has mentioned refinancing student loans and forcing universities to spend more from their endowments to help students. His website, however, has no formal proposals. Perhaps the debate moderators will demand more details. So what we need right now is one college savings, paying and borrowing plan to rule them all. The best one I know of  —   the one that visibly reduces anxiety in the faces of people I preach it to  —   comes from Kevin McKinley, a financial adviser in Eau Claire, Wis. And you can sum it up in about 30 words: Save a quarter of the cost over a child’s first 18 years. Pay another quarter out of current income over the next four years. Borrow the rest, split among the family. Let’s break them down in order, for a family who has its sights on a state university and doesn’t qualify for any grants or scholarships that they would not have to repay. SAVE A QUARTER Let’s say you think an undergraduate degree from a state university will cost $160, 000 in 18 years, including room and board. A quarter of that, per the McKinley plan, is $40, 000. To save that much, you’d need to put aside about $115 each month for 18 years if it earns a 5 percent annual return. Where might it earn that kind of return? In one of those 529 college savings plans that your state probably offers, perhaps in a   mutual fund with a mix of stocks and bonds that gets less aggressive as your child gets closer to 18. The website savingforcollege. com is an excellent resource for anyone wanting to learn more about 529 plans. And where is that $115 supposed to come from? In his 2002 book, “Make Your Kid a Millionaire,” Mr. McKinley suggested looking at the things on your credit or debit card statement and asking yourself this: Would I rather help my kid go to college or would I prefer to keep buying or doing those things on my bill that add up to the number I need to save each month? Harsh? He doesn’t think so. “I don’t judge what people choose to spend money on,” he said. “But most people with kids going to college wish they could go back and change what they spent, because a lot of it was on things that didn’t have any value in the long run. ” SPEND A QUARTER This step is harder. For parents sending a child to a college right now that costs $100, 000 total, they’ll need to find a bit over $500 a month to hit the   number, $25, 000, that equals a quarter of the total cost. So rice and beans instead of eating out. No more vacations, or much cheaper ones. If that’s not enough or you already made those changes years ago, a side job may be in order. Doing that, too? Don’t forget that your   child is capable of earning $6, 000 annually by working full time in the summer and part time during the school year. If your child earns that much, you’re not responsible for this portion. Are there generous grandparents in the mix? This would be a good time for them to step in if they haven’t already or weren’t sure if they would be able to help until they had their own financial affairs sorted out. THE BORROWING Back when he wrote his book, Mr. McKinley said that he considered debt a last resort. These days, he’s changed his tune. “You’d like to pay cash for your house, too, but it’s just not realistic,” he said. First, student loans. Though the terminology and process is (wildly, needlessly) complex, the advice is simple for anyone wanting to borrow $25, 000: Take out federal student loans from the government, not private ones that come from a bank or similar institution. The advantage of federal loans is that if your child doesn’t earn much after graduation, you can enroll in a program where you’ll be eligible for lower payments. Then, parent borrowing. Mr. McKinley notes that we’re at a rare economic moment where three things are happening at once: Home values are rising nicely in many parts of the country, interest rates are low and lenders are a bit looser than they were in the recent past. For people with children in college now, that means that borrowing money against your home may be a good way to come up with your $25, 000 chunk. Mr. McKinley is bearish on the future of student loans and expects them to become generally less available over time. So he suggested a more aggressive way for the parents of younger children to pay for a quarter of college: Draw on home equity now while you can, put the money in certificates of deposit and treat your (often  ) interest payments on the loan like an insurance policy, where you’re paying a “premium” just to be sure you’ll have access to the capital. After all, as we saw in 2009, banks that are loose now with home equity loans can change their minds in a heartbeat. If you do not own a home, or drawing on home equity seems too risky or needlessly expensive (or you’re worried about how that money might affect any financial aid that you end up qualifying for) the federal government offers loans to parents, too. THE MANY CAVEATS Plenty of people don’t make enough money to save anything for college, let alone save $500 a month while their child is in school. Others could have saved but didn’t and are panicking now that the first tuition bill is close at hand. If you’re in that situation, please read the two guides I wrote in 2014 for people in that spot. The McKinley plan is linear. Your financial life probably won’t be, pockmarked as most of our lives are with unpaid parental leave or illness or unemployment or inopportune stock market declines or a bunch of these things all at once. But the plan is also flexible. You could borrow a bit more or save a bit more or consider a gap year between high school and college to put away additional funds. If there is more than one child, these numbers could double, and if private colleges are under consideration, they may double again or more. But at private colleges especially, paying tuition for two children at once will increase your chances of qualifying for   financial aid (the kind you get after filling out the federal aid form and sometimes other application forms). Moreover, many colleges (private ones, in particular) offer a different kind of help, merit aid, to good students, even if their families don’t qualify for   aid. That can easily lop five figures off costs each year per student, even if it doesn’t bring the private college price down to the level of a flagship state university. Which brings us to a couple of other challenges. How do you know when it’s worth paying a whole lot more for one school than another? Mr. McKinley is facing this question right now with his    daughter, Ellie, a high school senior with an interest in web design. She was eyeing the Rhode Island School of Design or the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, but she can study the same things at the University of   for less than a third of the retail cost. The family is leaning hard toward the cheaper option. “If you’re the kind of kid who can get into the more expensive school, then you’ll usually have the talent and moxie to succeed even without their education,” Mr. McKinley said. There is also the bizarre unpredictability of the process. The rack rates are high, and while many people get discounts based on need or merit, you have no way of knowing which, if any, you might qualify for many years from now. You’ll probably get the answers some spring day in the future and then have a few weeks, at most, to make what may be among the biggest and most consequential financial decisions of your life. So good luck with that. But don’t let the absurdity of what the system has become paralyze you into doing nothing. “You don’t have to come up with a quarter of a million dollars for your kid,” Mr. McKinley said. “Do what you can now, and just keep building off of it. ”",0
5391,Americans Consume 80 Percent World’s Pain Pills: How to Treat Pain Without Drugs,"by Dr. Mercola 
A new federal report revealed that the majority of U.S. adults (more than 54 percent) had some type of musculoskeletal pain disorder such as back, joint or neck pain in 2012 (the latest year for which statistics are available). [1] 
Its prevalence is indicative of the significant price Americans pay for pain — it’s a leading cause of disability and major contributor to health care expenses and disability compensation. 
Also revealing, people suffering from pain were significantly more likely to have used a complementary health approach compared to people without pain — nearly 42 percent versus 24 percent, respectively. 
The reason wasn’t addressed by the study, but time and again, conventional medicine fails to relieve many people’s pain. 
Congressional testimony from the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (ASIPP) stated that Americans consume 80 percent of the pain pills in the world, [2] and in a survey of more than 2,000 pain patients in the U.S., most said they were taking a dangerously addictive opioid pain medication. [3] 
Research suggests, however, that these drugs work for only about three months, after which changes in your brain may lead to increased feelings of pain along with added emotional upset, including feelings of hopelessness and desperation. [4] 
Many pain sufferers have tried virtually every treatment that conventional medicine has to offer — medications, injections, surgery and more — only to find that their pain hasn’t gotten better and they may be struggling with treatment-induced side effects as well (one of the worst of which is opioid addiction ). 
At that point (and for many far sooner), it’s only natural that you would begin to seek other options, which brings many people to holistic, complementary or “alternative” health care options for relief. Science-Backed Natural Pain Relief Options 
A recent study published in Mayo Clinic Proceedings evaluated several complementary approaches for pain relief. [5] The options that follow have been scientifically proven to help with relief, according to the report. 
Acupuncture 
One of the most common uses for acupuncture is in treating chronic pain. One analysis of the most robust studies available concluded that acupuncture has a clear effect in reducing chronic pain, more so than standard pain treatment. [6] 
Study participants receiving acupuncture reported an average 50 percent reduction in pain, compared to a 28 percent pain reduction for standard pain treatment without acupuncture. It’s likely that acupuncture works via a variety of mechanisms. 
In 2010, for instance, it was found that acupuncture activates pain-suppressing receptors and increases the concentration of the neurotransmitter adenosine in local tissues [7] (adenosine slows down your brain’s activity and induces sleepiness). 
Massage Therapy 
A systematic review and meta-analysis, published in the journal Pain Medicine, included 60 high-quality and seven low-quality studies that looked into the use of massage for various types of pain, including muscle and bone pain, headaches, deep internal pain, fibromyalgia pain and spinal cord pain. [8] 
The review revealed that massage therapy relieves pain better than getting no treatment at all. 
Relaxation Techniques 
Breathing exercises, guided imagery, meditation and other relaxation techniques may provide relief, especially from pain from tension headaches and migraines. 
Research by an associate professor at Harvard Medical School, Dr. Herbert Benson, found that people who practice relaxation methods such as yoga and meditation long-term have more disease-fighting genes switched “on” and active, including genes that protect against pain and rheumatoid arthritis. [9] 
Exercise 
Among people who had experienced back pain , those who exercised had a 25 percent to 40 percent lower risk of having another episode within a year than those who did no exercise. [10] 
Strength exercises, aerobics, flexibility training and stretching were all beneficial in lowering the risk of back pain. 
Motor control exercises (MCE), which help to improve coordination of muscles that support your spine,11 may also help. One systematic review found MCE led to reductions in pain and disability and improvements in perceived quality of life compared with minimal intervention. [12] 
Yoga , which is particularly useful for promoting flexibility and core muscles, has also been proven to be beneficial if you suffer from back pain. 
People suffering from low back pain who took one yoga class a week had greater improvements in function than those receiving medicine or physical therapy. [13] The Yoga Journal has an online page demonstrating specific poses that may be helpful. [14] 
Medical Marijuana 
There are cannabinoid receptors in your brain, lungs, liver, kidneys, immune system and more. Both the therapeutic and psychoactive properties of marijuana occur when a cannabinoid activates a cannabinoid receptor. 
Research is still ongoing on just how extensive their impact is on our health, but to date it’s known that cannabinoid receptors play an important role in many body processes, including metabolic regulation, cravings, pain, anxiety, bone growth and immune function. [15] 
Some of the strongest research to date is focused on marijuana for pain relief. In one study, just three puffs of marijuana a day for five days helped those with chronic nerve pain to relieve pain and sleep better. [16] 
Also revealing, in states where medical marijuana is legal, overdose deaths from opioids like morphine, oxycodone and heroin decreased by an average of 20 percent after one year, 25 percent after two years and 33 percent by years five and six. [17] Turmeric for Pain Relief 
Turmeric was once most known for being a flavorful and colorful addition to curry, but in the scientific world, turmeric has earned a reputation for being a multi-faceted healer. Turmeric contains curcumin, which has notable anti-inflammatory properties. 
It can inhibit both the activity and the synthesis of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2) and 5-lipooxygenase (5-LOX), as well as other enzymes that have been implicated in inflammation. 
A 2006 study found that a turmeric extract composed of curcuminoids (curcumin is the most investigated curcuminoid) blocked inflammatory pathways, effectively preventing the launch of a protein that triggers swelling and pain. [18] 
Turmeric has been found to significantly improve post-operative pain and fatigue, [19] and in a study of osteoarthritis patients, those who added only 200 milligrams (mg) of curcumin a day to their treatment plan had reduced pain and increased mobility. 
Time magazine even published the story of one doctor who marveled at one of his older hip patient’s lack of pain and remarkably swift recovery from surgery. The patient took turmeric regularly, and the results so impressed the physician that he began taking the supplement himself. [20] Essential Oils for Pain Relief 
Essential oils are concentrated, aromatic plant extracts that have been used for thousands of years for emotional, cosmetic, medical and even spiritual purposes. One of their most popular uses is also for relief of chronic and acute pain. 
There are a number of ways to use essential oils , including via aromatherapy. Lavender aromatherapy, for instance, has been shown to lessen pain following needle insertion [21] while green apple scent significantly relieves migraine pain . Other essential oils noted for pain relief, including relief from joint pain, include: [22] Lavender",0
5392,Lena Dunham: ‘Disastrous’ for Women Not to Have Free Birth Control - Breitbart,"In an   in the New York Times, actress Lena Dunham says President Donald Trump’s draft of a plan to roll back Obamacare’s contraception mandate will be “disastrous” for some women, “jeopardizing their ability to work and provide for their families. ”[ My @nytimes   on the proposed birth control coverage rollbacks is in print and online now. Women should have access to any kind of contraception they want, any time they want, without pushback from their employers or insurers. But what about the fact that hormonal BC keeps many of us healthy, in the work force and out of this position? We have the power to let our representatives know that enough is enough. We are the NO LONGER SILENT majority. Link in bio, take action. And yeah, I am this extra hot every time I’m in an ER with pelvic pain 🔥 A post shared by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jun 10, 2017 at 5:37am PDT,   Amid a detailed description of her own gynecological problems  —   i. e. “between 1998 and last week, I’ve been to the emergency room over 50 times with   pain”  —   Dunham criticizes any change that would allow some religious employers  —   such as the Little Sisters of the Poor  —   the freedom not to provide contraception,   drugs, and sterilization procedures for employees through health insurance plans because of their faith beliefs. She asserts more women are being prescribed birth control pills for a variety of medical problems than for contraception. “Birth control pills are many women’s method of choice for preventing unintended pregnancy and should be covered by all insurance policies for that reason alone,” she writes, but then adds that “millions of women living with endometriosis, polycystic ovarian syndrome, cystic acne, migraines, uterine abnormalities and a history of ectopic pregnancies, birth control can be a crucial, even lifesaving, medical treatment. ” She continues: If the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress succeed in stripping funding from Planned Parenthood and giving employers carte blanche to deny women necessary medication under murky notions of moral disdain, all paths to health and wellness will disappear for a huge swath of Americans. While the teachings of the Catholic Church, for example, are in conflict with the use of artificial birth control, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops states, “Catholic teaching does not oppose the use of hormonal medications  —   such as those found in chemical contraceptives  —   for legitimate medical purposes, provided there is no contraceptive intent. ” The bishops continue, however: But artificial hormones typically treat only the medical symptoms. They do not correct the underlying disease or condition. They also carry the same physical health risks as hormonal contraceptives. Thankfully, with growing advancements in understanding fertility, knowledgeable gynecologists can often prescribe   drugs and recommend safer and healthier treatments to correct underlying problems or eliminate discomfort. Like many on the left, Dunham is propping up Planned Parenthood, whose days of being on the receiving end of taxpayer dollars may be numbered. Trump has said he will defund Planned Parenthood if the organization continues to perform abortions. The group, however, showed, in its latest annual report, that it is performing even more abortions and providing less contraception services  —   all while its taxpayer funding has increased. In   Planned Parenthood reports performing 328, 348 abortions  —   an increase of 4, 349 abortions over the 323, 999 abortions the group states it performed in  . The organization also reported 2, 945, 059 contraception services in   and 2, 808, 815 of the same services in its latest report, a drop of 136, 244 within a year. With regard to its revenue, the new report shows Planned Parenthood’s total revenue to be $1, 354. 3 million, an increase over the $1, 296. 1 million reported in  . The organization shows an increase in government reimbursement and grants this year, reporting $554. 6 million in taxpayer funding, while in   it reported $553. 7 million. Planned Parenthood reported an “Excess in Revenue Over Expenses” of $58. 8 million in  . That amount rose to $77. 5 million this past year. The fact is, until former Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius bureaucratically inserted the HHS mandate into Obamacare, employers were never entangled in their employees’ sex lives and decisions as to when to have a child. Once she did, and   groups objected, bosses became an easy target for radical feminists. Many women in Congress are supporting the draft of the HHS contraception mandate rollback. “Obamacare has devastated religious organizations, schools, and businesses, forcing them to cover   services that violate their religious beliefs,” says Rep. Diane Black ( ) adding: Protecting religious liberty is a foundational principle of this country, and this draft rule is a victory against President Obama’s assault on people of faith nationwide. Americans will no longer have to seek a burdensome exemption from the heavy hand of government, they will be left alone to practice their religion as they choose. Rep. Vicky Hartzler ( ) says the draft “provides important exemptions for organizations with religious or moral objections to the HHS mandate. ” “In other words, religious charities like the Little Sisters of the Poor,   universities,   businesses, and individuals with moral objections will now be able to provide employees with health care policies consistent with their conscience and the organizations’ mission,” she continued. “The previous administration’s   approach went out of its way to force a mandate that violates the faith and ethical sensibilities of the American public. ”",0
5393,"Welsh Reject E.U., but Its Money Will Be Missed - The New York Times","NEWPORT, Wales  —   David Adams   a painting business here. His leanings in the recent referendum to leave the European Union would seem obvious. Grants from the European Union have funded many of the projects he works on, including the former bank branch he was painting last week in this city in southern Wales. European Union funds also helped him hire apprentices, including his own son. And Wales gets back far more money from the European Union than it pays in. But many of the poorer places in Britain that receive the most aid from Europe also voted decisively to leave. Promises were made by the leaders of the   Leave campaign that exiting the European Union would lead to a bonanza of money no longer being sent to Brussels, the seat of the European government. After the vote, they almost immediately retreated from those promises, leaving the future of aid programs funded by Europe in peril. Even some in Newport who knew what they stood to lose were conflicted over the vote. “We get more back than we put in,” said Mr. Adams, 52, leaning against his van in spattered white work pants. “What the money has done is made the infrastructure of Wales much better, everywhere’s much more accessible because of the road infrastructure, things like that. That’s where all the E. U. money’s gone. ” Even so, he said he could not bring himself to support staying in the union and chose not to vote, because the issue of immigration held him back. “At the end of the day, we’re an island,” he explained. “We can take only so much population. ” One of the looming questions after the “Brexit” vote is what happens to the money flowing into places like Wales. Nearly $400 million in multiyear apprenticeship funding programs alone are underway, among a   list of European projects earmarked for Wales stretching to 2020. Another program, with a budget of more than $180 million, helps start new small businesses and finance existing ones. Others fund a range of programs including advancing women’s opportunities and projects on college campuses. Even so, 56 percent of voters in Newport voted to leave. One of the Leave movement’s core arguments was that Britain could keep money it now pays to Europe and use it for its own purposes. Boris Johnson, the former London mayor who was one of the campaign’s most visible leaders, even rode around on a bus with the false claim that Britain pays Europe £350 million a week painted on its side. (It’s more like £150 million, or about $197 million, a week, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.) The maneuver led the comedian John Oliver to refer to Mr. Johnson as “a man with both the look, and the economic insight, of   from the Flintstones. ” Britain as a whole paid about $9. 5 billion more annually into the European Union than it got back over the last   according to the British treasury. After it leaves, it most likely will still have to pay money into the union to keep its trading privileges. And the aid coming back will cease. Many in the British Parliament insist on keeping some kind of access to the   single market, the European system of rules and laws that seek to make trading among member states more seamless. But some vying to be the next prime minister have suggested Britain could operate outside the single market, though that could throw up myriad barriers to trade. But keeping access as an outsider costs money, as it does for nonmember states like Norway and Switzerland. Norway pays about 40 percent more per capita to gain access to the single market than Britain does now, according to data from the European Commission. A study by the House of Commons Library, which excluded European aid to private institutions like universities and businesses, found that Norway paid 17 percent less than Britain. Either way, Britain is unlikely to get more favorable terms than it already has. Part of the problem is that Norway and Switzerland are part of the Schengen Area, a   travel zone. This kind of unfettered movement is exactly what many Leave voters detest. European leaders, hardly in a charitable mood, seem unlikely to do favors. “There will be no single market à la carte,” Donald Tusk, the European Council president, said this week, while   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said that access to the single market was contingent on basic principles including the free movement of people. Many areas in Britain favored with European aid are mired in poverty and voted in frustration. In Sunderland, a northeastern English city of once vibrant shipyards that has benefited from European aid, more than 61 percent backed the Leave campaign. The vote, though, has left the future of a local Nissan plant in doubt. Cornwall, Britain’s southwestern tip, also receives significant European funding, including money seen as crucial to the development of a British spaceport. Shortly after Cornwall voted to leave the union, the local council sought assurances that the funding that now comes from Europe would continue, although Britain would be hard pressed to make up the loss. Wales is one of the four nations that make up Britain, but the only one besides England to support a European exit. To outsiders, differences between Wales and England can seem subtle, beyond the Welsh language that accompanies English on its signs and its red dragon flag. Wales has lagged economically. Newport’s economic struggles were visible downtown, part of the reason it has been a recipient of so much aid. One pub advertised “all pints” for £1. 99, or about $2. 70, and there were a number of vacant storefronts, as well as a proliferation of charity stores, including one selling everything for £1. A curtain store asked   to sign a petition to help fight an eviction notice. During a visit, it did not take long to determine the Leave campaign’s appeal for a number of residents. “I’m definitely not a racist,” said Thomas Reynolds, an    retired construction worker. But he said he was “delighted” by the outcome. “Muslims don’t like Christians. I don’t want Muslims next to me, I prefer Christian. But they probably would think the same, so we’re on the same page. ” Tom Fereday, 28, an unemployed office administrator and a supporter of the far right U. K. Independence Party, said he was uncomfortable with the growing Muslim population in the city’s Pillgwenlly neighborhood. “I’m happy to go through hard times if it means we get our national sovereignty back,” he said, adding, “To keep letting in thousands of   Muslim migrants is just complete insanity. ” The disquieting racism the referendum has inflamed was tangible when a small group of young white men were heard briefly hooting monkey sounds as they walked past a black man on a downtown street. But this was hardly a reflection of the whole city. “I’m disgusted that we voted out,” said Hilary Small, a    retired medical secretary. Many voters, she said, simply were uninformed about the money the European Union sends to the region. “A lot of the Welsh people didn’t realize that,” she said. Dean Jeffery Beddis, 51, the heavily tattooed owner of Kriminal Records, a shop in a downtown arcade, said, “I don’t think people knew the consequences of their vote, to be honest. ” “It’s a mixture of things, ignorance, lack of education, fear and just not knowing,” he said, denouncing the “fear mongering” of The Sun, a   tabloid, before turning his fire to Boris Johnson and then Donald J. Trump. A rug with President John F. Kennedy’s image hung behind him. Russell Thomas, Mr. Adams’s partner in the painting business, did vote to stay in the union. “A lot of the subsidies now we think will be stopped,” he said. “It’s a devastating blow I think, but there we are. ”",0
5394,"After Crushing Loss, Ronda Rousey Suddenly Appears at Standing Rock to Protest Dakota Pipeline - Breitbart","After a crushing loss to Amanda Nunes at UFC 207, fighter Ronda Rousey disappeared from the public eye to lick her considerable wounds. Rousey, though, has finally emerged from isolation to join the protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. [The   Rousey turned up this week in an Instagram photo, standing next to a friend as they toured a camp of pipeline protesters at Standing Rock. The occasion marked the first time she has appeared in public since her   loss to Nunes on December 31.  A photo posted by Pauline Macias (@paulinepitamacias) on Jan 24, 2017 at 10:16pm PST,  But local Sioux officials have long since tired of the camps thrown up by white protesters, and have asked them to leave. The former bantamweight champion posted   stories on her Facebook page in the past, according to Fox Sports. But local Sioux officials have long since tired of the camps thrown up by white protesters, and have asked them to leave. Recently, residents of the Cannon Ball district of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation successfully petitioned the tribal council to ask the protesters to shut down their camps and vacate the area. In many ways, the constant protesting is now meaningless since President Trump signed an order approving the pipeline the protesters were trying to stop. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5395,Is Obama Staging a Color Revolution in the US | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World The recent victory of now President-elect Donald Trump has taken a lot of Americans by surprise. But it would be safe to say that the corporate ruling elites that went all in on Hillary Clinton were literally shocked by her defeat. Without her at the head of the state they fear they may not be able to carry on spreading the corruption, which is believed to be at the foundation of the Clinton clan, or carry on waging wars upon other states which includes arming terrorists responsible for killing thousands of civilians around the world. And even though the corporate elites have formally acknowledged Trump’s victory, they are pressuring the current government to fight the next US President tooth and nail, until all resources are exhausted. Over the last eight years, the Obama administration has acquired a long list of tricks that were used against undesired governments in various parts of the world, while the most effective among them is the so-called “color revolutions,” where essentially a coup d’etat is achieved by media manipulation and large mobs. US intelligence services are now prepared to unleash such a revolution on the home front, since they are fairly concerned about their future under Trump, as the Washington Post would report. The fact that Obama still believes in Trump’s inability to replace him in the White House has already been announced by the White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest. At the same time, he would point out, while commenting on the anti-Trump protests in the US, that the right for freedom of expression must be exercised without violence, clearly alluding to the current administration’s arsenal of “peaceful” tools that would allow it to get rid of Trump. That is why we already are witnessing a wave of “protests” being unleashed under the control of the Obama administration. The corporate media and social networks are openly arrayed against the incoming 45th US President. These very tactics have been used by US intelligence agencies in Brazil, Nicaragua, Hong Kong, Thailand, as well as across the Middle East and Eastern Europe to unleash a “color revolution”. In some countries, such actions have brought foreign government under the direct control of the White House, as we can see it in Ukraine, Brazil and several other countries. As a result, we are now being told about thousands of protesters in US cities rallying against the Trump election victory. These claims were followed by a petition published on Change.org that demands the US authorities change the results of the recent election, demanding the electoral college be revised, and that the election results be overturned on December 19. It is being reported that this petition has already been signed by a total of two million people . It goes without saying that an attempt to launch a “color revolution” in the United States is being supported by a number of Europe states in addition to the US, including France and Germany, since the political order there is concerned about the impunity they’ve been enjoying coming to an end, with Trump failing to openly signal continued open US support for them.. The British Independent wants Trump to be impeached, citing law professor Christopher Peterson, who would claim that there is a strong case for the beginning of legal proceedings that would stop Donald Trump from being president. The impeachment process is usually initiated when a president of a state has committed some sort of a serious offense, but Trump hasn’t been able to do anything yet, since he hasn’t been inaugurated. Still the Independent believes there must be some legal ground for his impeachment. It’s clear the train of “color revolution” is under full steam in the US today. What will come up from this attempt to ignore the US Constitution, remains to be seen. Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles ",0
5397,"Sessions, at San Diego Border, Warns California Not to Go ’Sanctuary’ - Breitbart","SAN DIEGO  —   Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, Attorney General Sessions, and Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) concluded a visit to the border on Friday with a tough message for “sanctuary city” jurisdictions, including California. [Standing on an access road on the U. S. side of the border, Secretary Kelly began a press briefing by reaffirming the Trump administration’s commitment to border security, including a “physical barrier” along the southern border.  He also emphasized the importance of stopping human trafficking along the border. “There’s nothing the Attorney General and I want more than to put human smugglers out of business,” he said. Kelly cited drastic reductions in the number of illegal border crossings, which he said were down 64% from the same period last year. The reason, he said, was that the Trump administration had shown “we’re serious about border security and enforcing our immigration laws. ” Attorney General Sessions spoke about the boost in morale among law enforcement staff, and praised the progress of the Trump administration. “It’s exceeded what I thought possible so far,” Sessions said. He warned about the danger of infiltration by gangs like   “whose motto is ‘murder, rape, and control,’” he said. And then the Attorney General launched a broadside against sanctuary cities  —   and the   “sanctuary state” of California. “It was nearly two years ago that Kate Steinle was shot and killed, dying in her father’s arms, along Pier 14 in San Francisco,” Attorney General Sessions recalled. “The alleged shooter was an illegal immigrant with seven prior felony convictions who had been deported from this country five times. Only weeks earlier, the city had released him from custody, after being apprehended again, even though the federal immigration authorities had filed a detainer requesting that he be held in custody until they could remove him for deportation proceedings. Even worse, this man admitted he came to San Francisco in part because of its sanctuary policies. “So today, the Department of Justice sent letters to nine jurisdictions that were identified  —   by the Obama administration  —   as having policies that potentially violate federal law and which receive millions in federal grants. These jurisdictions have until June 30th to send their legal justifications for why they are not in violation of federal law  —   and the state of California is one of these jurisdictions.   …     Sanctuary jurisdictions have put known gang members back on the streets. ” He concluded: “I urge New York, California, and other jurisdictions to reconsider. ” The California State Senate recently passed a “sanctuary state” bill, SB 54, that still awaits passage by the State Assembly before proceeding to Governor Jerry Brown’s desk.  Kelly, Sessions, and Johnson were concluding a   visit to the border, which began in El Paso, Texas on Thursday and concluded in San Diego at the Otai Mesa Detention Facility. The press conference was held in between two existing border fences  —   a thin, rusted corrugated iron fence on the Mexican side, and a tall,    American fence. In the distance, the new pedestrian walkway between Tijuana’s airport and San Diego hovered over the boundary. Johnson, who serves as Chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, said: “One of the main reasons we come here, in addition to learning   …     is to thank the men and women” of law enforcement. He reiterated that the Trump administration, in contrast to his predecessor, had prioritized helping border patrol and enforcing the law. “We’re not going to apologize,” he said, for enforcing the law and keeping the country safe. Asked by a local reporter to respond to the argument by sanctuary cities that enforcing immigration law would hurt local policing, Sessions described that as more of an “excuse” than a reason, suggesting that it was driven by ideology rather than evidence. He rejected an accusation earlier Friday by California State Senate President pro Tem Kevin De León (  Angeles) that he and the Department of Justice were basing their law enforcement efforts on “principles of white supremacy. ” “It’s a kind of extremist statement that I totally reject,” Sessions said. He also defended his recent comment about a ruling in a federal court in Hawaii that stopped President Trump’s executive order suspending travel from six   countries from going into effect. Earlier Friday, Secretary Kelly told Kate Bolduan of CNN that President Barack Obama had presided over a “very, very open border” and that Obama had done “nothing” to secure the border and enforce immigration law internally. Outside the event, about a dozen demonstrators from the Remembrance Project, which commemorates victims killed by illegal aliens, gathered to support the Trump administration’s efforts.  Vaught Becht of Orange County gave the administration an “ ” for its work on immigration and border security thus far. “I think they’re doing a great job. We’ve got a new era. [Trump] supports the citizens. America first, and jobs first. We’ve got a new sheriff in town. He speaks for the American people, not the swamp in D. C. He speaks for us. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5398,How to break up with a friend - The New York Times,"This article is part of a series aimed at helping you navigate life’s opportunities and challenges. What else should we write about? Contact us: smarterliving@nytimes. com. Friendships are important throughout life, but especially so in the stage between school and marriage, when our friends often stand in for family. What do you do when you need to end a friendship that’s turned sour? First, give it some serious thought. Once you initiate a breakup, there may be no turning back. Depending on the type of friendship, a formal ending may not be necessary. “There are typically four types of friendships: friends you have because of shared history friends you’ve made due to forced togetherness your surface social friends and growth friends, meaning the people you want by your side as you go through life wherever you are,” said Melissa S. Cohen, a psychotherapist and relationship coach in Westfield, N. J. “Unless there has been a serious betrayal of trust, you can usually let all but your most important friendships fade away simply by spending less time with each other. ” If, however, your friend asks why you are not texting her or never available to get together, offer an explanation. “Think about what you say and how you say it very carefully. It’s likely that your   will never forget those words,” said Irene S. Levine, a psychologist and producer of TheFriendshipBlog. com. Then, talk to your friend in private. “Don’t involve mutual friends. Remember that although you have been giving a lot of thought to the breakup, it might hit your friend without warning,” Dr. Levine said. If you no longer have much in common or simply don’t enjoy your time together anymore, take responsibility for ending the friendship rather than blaming the other person. (Related: How to have more engaging conversations in everyday life) “It’s O. K. to say, ‘I truly care about you and the relationship we’ve had, but I don’t have the bandwidth or time to devote to our friendship anymore,’ or ‘I can’t be the friend that you want me to be right now,’” Ms. Cohen said. “Even if you feel it’s your friend who is sucking you dry, or stuck in college partying mode, or not being considerate, you can compassionately and authentically say, ‘We don’t seem to share the same goals and perspectives. ’” That allows you both to be cordial if you see each other again, and leaves the door open to a reconciliation if circumstances change. “No matter what, it’s always important to be careful with other people’s feelings. That just makes you a good person,” Ms. Cohen added. When a friend betrays you by, say, blabbing your secrets or being consistently cruel, you can and should stand up for yourself. And if this is not one of your closest friends, a breakup is most likely in order. The goal in these instances is to be honest and plainly explain why you can’t be friends with someone you don’t trust. And have the conversation live  —   either in person or over the phone  —   because anything you write online could be shared or used against you in a way you may regret. But when you have a major conflict with a best friend, these scenarios don’t apply. It’s ideal to have an open discussion about your feelings. “For those friends, it’s worth it to try harder and give the person the benefit of the doubt because those relationships are rare,” Ms. Cohen said. “Be really honest about what’s going on. ” If after that, the relationship still feels unsustainable to you, let your friend go as gently as you can. “These relationships need to be mutually satisfying to both people,” Dr. Levine said. Be clear that you wish your friend well but resist the urge to explain every detail of your thought process. “It isn’t necessarily kind and won’t necessarily provide the other person with closure. Your friend will still need to achieve that on her own,” Dr. Levine added. And remember that friendship breakups can hurt just as much as romantic breakups, especially if you’ve been close with a friend for a long time. And sadly, noted Dr. Levine, “when you break up with a boyfriend, you can turn to your best friends for support. When you break up with a best friend, you’ve lost the person who might be able to help you get over the loss. ” Want to read more? You might also be interested in: • Think it’s cathartic to run angry? Think again. • How to form healthy habits • The art of making (and not making) plans",0
5399,Accusations of Fraud at Wells Fargo Spread to Sham Insurance Policies - The New York Times,"When Wells Fargo admitted a few months ago that thousands of its employees had created as many as two million unauthorized accounts for its customers, alarm bells went off at Prudential, one of the nation’s biggest insurance firms. Wells Fargo has a partnership with Prudential to sell a   life insurance policy to the bank’s retail customers. After news of the Wells Fargo settlement in September, Prudential ordered an internal review of its dealings with the bank, to make sure nothing was amiss with the joint endeavor. A lot was amiss. According to three former managers in Prudential’s corporate investigation division, Wells Fargo employees appeared to have signed up bank customers for Prudential insurance without the customers’ knowledge or permission. In some cases, they even arranged for monthly premium fees to be withdrawn from their customers’ accounts. When investigators reviewed tapes of calls to Prudential’s customer service line, they found complaints from Wells Fargo customers about policies they did not remember buying. Many of the customers did not speak English and needed a Spanish interpreter, the three plaintiffs said. “This definitely was the same kind of conduct that Wells was committing, but through Prudential,” said one of the three   Julie Han Broderick, an attorney and former   of Prudential’s corporate investigations division, which has about 30 employees. Ms. Broderick and two of her colleagues, Darron Smith and Thomas Schreck, filed a wrongful termination suit against Prudential on Tuesday. They say they were fired in November for trying to escalate attention internally to their discoveries about conduct at Wells Fargo. Prudential said on Friday that the three were fired for “appropriate and legitimate reasons” that had nothing to do with Wells Fargo. A Prudential spokesman, Scot Hoffman, says the company continues to investigate the policies sold through Wells Fargo. Once it is finished, Prudential anticipates “reviewing this matter with our regulators,” he said. Since bankers are not licensed to sell insurance, Wells Fargo employees were encouraged, without discussing specific terms, to steer customers to either a   kiosk in bank branches or a website on which they could sign up for MyTerm, a policy that does not require applicants to take a medical exam. Bankers who sold the product got credit toward their steep quarterly sales quotas. Some Wells Fargo bankers appear to have signed people up for MyTerm without telling them, according to the three   from Prudential. In some cases, bankers opened MyTerm policies, closed them after a month or two and then promptly reopened them to bolster their sales numbers, the evidence in the lawsuit suggests. Wells Fargo said in a statement on Friday that it was investigating any alleged improprieties that were brought to its attention. “As we have consistently reinforced, if we identify any instances where a customer received a product they didn’t ask for, we will make it right,” said Mary Eshet, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman. The lawsuit, filed in New Jersey state court, provides elaborate details of how the same issues that have disgraced Wells Fargo  —   which forced the bank to pay $185 million in fines, to account for its actions in Congress, to replace its chief executive and to apologize profusely to customers  —   are now showing up at Prudential in the accounts that Wells Fargo handled. Under intense pressure to meet sales goals, which have since been eliminated, thousands of Wells Fargo’s workers used customers’ personal information to create sham accounts in the customers’ names some incurred fees on those unwanted accounts, which included checking accounts and credit cards. More than 5, 000 employees have been fired, and an internal investigation is underway. The three people who filed the wrongful termination suit were part of an investigations unit at Prudential that was asked to comb for irregularities in the 15, 000 MyTerm accounts that were sold through Wells Fargo. Those in the unit found that some customers who signed up for MyTerm listed addresses like “Wells Fargo Drive” on their applications, according to the complaint. Some of the policy applications listed suspicious email addresses for customers, and the name listed on a policy sometimes did not match the name in the customer’s email address  —   “for example, where the MyTerm policy holder was Jason Smith, the email address might be for johndoe@wellsfargo. com,” the complaint said. Additionally, the lawsuit said, “Cellphone numbers were listed as emails, such as 1234567@verizon. net, which was very similar to how fraudulent bank accounts were opened at Wells Fargo Bank. ” The MyTerm policies were “sold predominantly to individuals with   last names concentrated in Southern California, southern Texas, southern Arizona and southern Florida,” the lawsuit states. Those four states also accounted for the bulk of the sham accounts created by Wells Fargo’s employees, according to the bank’s disclosures. “When we started peeling back the onion, everywhere we looked, it stunk,” said Mr. Smith, a plaintiff, who earlier this year was a featured speaker at a conference focusing on insurance fraud. An unusually high rate of the Prudential policies that Wells Fargo sold in its first year had lapsed  —   70 percent  —   and many were dropped after only one or two months. In some cases, customers never made a single premium payment. There was also a suspicious pattern of MyTerm policies being closed and reopened, suggesting the unseen hand of a banker trying to buoy sales numbers. For example, “18 clients who purchased the MyTerm policies allowed them to lapse, or they were canceled and then repurchased them two more times,” the lawsuit states. A former Wells Fargo employee said the bank made no secret that it wanted employees to push various insurance products. “We were like insurance salespeople without the license,” said Michael Barborek, a former Wells Fargo banker in Orange, Tex. “They wanted us to offer it to everybody who came in. ” To meet their sales goals, some bankers in his branch would sometimes buy cheap policies for their friends and relatives, pay the first month’s premium and then cancel, according to Mr. Barborek  —   a blatant violation of regulatory rules and Wells Fargo’s own policies. Managers, facing their own pressure to make numbers, looked the other way, he said. The life insurance product is quick and easy to buy: A customer can complete the application in 15 minutes by answering a few basic medical questions online, without ever speaking to a licensed insurance sales agent. Prudential then, with the permission of the applicant, checks databases, such as pharmaceutical records, to assess the health of an applicant before deciding to issue a policy. The average annual premium is $288. 71 for a policy sold through Wells Fargo, which continues to offer MyTerm. According to the Prudential employees’ lawsuit, one person who contacted Prudential appeared to have had funds removed from his Wells Fargo savings account by a bank employee to pay for a policy he said he had not authorized. And others who called Prudential were confused about how much they owed each month in premiums, and why. As is not uncommon with   cases, the three employees did not have entirely clean slates at Prudential. They said Prudential told them it was putting them on unpaid leave after another employee had turned over a series of text messages, most more than a year old, in which they were complaining about others within the corporate investigations division. They contend that the text messages are being used as a pretext by the company to dismiss them for complaining about the handling of the MyTerm investigation. Mr. Hoffman, the Prudential spokesman, said that the termination of the three employees was “entirely unrelated to Prudential’s business with Wells Fargo and Prudential’s decision to examine the sale of the MyTerm product. ” He declined to elaborate on the reason for the firings, noting that Prudential does not comment on employment matters. Mr. Hoffman said that Prudential began reviewing issues with MyTerm sales after complaints from customers in 2015, and expanded the review after news of the Wells Fargo settlement with regulators became public. Before they were fired, Ms. Broderick said, she and her two colleagues ran into obstacles when they pressed others at the insurer, which is based in New Jersey, to investigate their findings more aggressively and to notify regulators. They were kicked out of Prudential’s office in Newark, N. J. and put on unpaid leave just days before Thanksgiving, she said. “We were totally shocked,” Ms. Broderick said. “The game plan was to sweep this under the rug. ” In addition to the suit they filed in State Superior Court in New Jersey’s Essex County, the three intend to file a     complaint next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission, said one of their lawyers, Christopher Chang, a former Manhattan prosecutor.",0
5400,How the election battle shapes up,"1 Comment on ""How the election battle shapes up"" Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Phil",0
5401,WikiLeaks: Clinton Team Told To ‘Undermine Benghazi Hearings’,"*Sent:* Thursday, October 1, 2015 7:20 PM *To:* Robby Mook <re47@hillaryclinton.com>; Oren Shur < oshur@hillaryclinton.com> *Cc:* John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> *Subject:* RE: Benghazi – paid media update 
“If the objective is purely to undermine the Benghazi hearings, I think these spots will certainly help do that.” 
“Maybe I’m on my own here, but fwiw: I fully heard what HRC was saying, and understand the case for doing this – but I think it would be a mistake to pull down the spots we just went up with in IA/NH and make the entire dialogue about scandal/hearings/email.” 
“All three TV firms are script writing, we’ll review drafts tomorrow afternoon. Research had pulled for us some of our best news clips.” 
“The trick, of course, is to connect Benghazi to emails in a way that’s credible.” 
“…we really need to understand whether voters will believe that we can credibly conflate Benghazi and emails.”",0
5402,Mom Produces Decorative Gift Bag Out Of Thin Air - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Cake Just Sitting There Take It CHICAGO—Assuring you that there was nothing to worry about and not a soul around who would see you, sources confirmed Tuesday that a large piece of chocolate cake was just sitting there and that you should go ahead and take it. Man Approaches Box Of Powdered Doughnuts Like Snake Discovering Unguarded Clutch Of Bird Eggs ASHEBORO, NC—Quietly slinking into his office’s break room after spying the unattended confections from afar, area marketing associate Dan Keegan reportedly approached a box of powdered doughnuts Monday like a pine snake discovering an unguarded clutch of bluebird eggs. Reality Of Fatherhood Never Truly Dawned On Man Until He Held Newborn Son’s Hospital Bill MISSOULA, MT—Describing how he suddenly found himself overwhelmed by a flood of intense emotions, local man Mike Bentzen told reporters Monday the reality of fatherhood didn’t truly set in for him until the moment he held his newborn son’s hospital bill. All-Business Adult In Halloween Shop Beelines It Straight For Pinhead Mask BROOKLINE, MA—Without so much as glancing at the seasonal store’s wide selection of other Halloween-themed merchandise, all-business 34-year-old Brian Aubin reportedly strode right past several aisles of costumes and accessories Friday and beelined it straight for the Pinhead masks. ",0
5403,Google Facebook Swindled Out of $100 Million in Lithuanian Phishing Scam - Breitbart,"Fortune Magazine just identified Google and Facebook as the two sophisticated U. S.  tech companies whose employees were swindled out of $100 million by a Lithuanian hacker in the last three years. [The United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announced criminal charges against Lithuanian Evaldas Rimašaukas. The   was described as a fraudulent business email compromise scheme that tricked two sophisticated U. S.  internet companies to wire over $100 million to Rimašaukas’ bank accounts in Latvia, Cyprus, Slovakia, Lithuania, Hungary, and Hong Kong.  Although the U. S. Justice Department initially screened the names of the scammed U. S. companies, Fortune on April 27 identified what prosecutors had referred to in the federal indictment as Victim 1, as Google, and Victim 2, as Facebook. Rimašaukas beginning in 2013, “forged email addresses, invoices, and corporate stamps in a scam to impersonate a large   manufacturer with whom the tech firms regularly did business. ” The Endgaget blog identified Taiwanese parts supplier Rimašaukas impersonated as Quanta Computer. The company is a huge supplier to numerous tech giants, including Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook. The Department of Justice describes Business Email Compromise (BEC) as a sophisticated scam that targets business deals with foreign suppliers and regularly issues electronic wire transfer payments. The scheme usually seeks to compromise access to legitimate supplier business   accounts through social engineering or   techniques. The fraudsters then request the victims to make unauthorized electronic fund transfers by disguising their activities to appear consistent with normal business practices. The FBI collaborated with Google, Facebook, their banks, the Prosecutor General’s Office, and other law enforcement agencies in the Republic of Lithuania to trace the footprints of Rimašaukas’ phishing attacks and make the arrest at his home in Vilnius. Rimašaukas was indicted by the U. S. Justice Department Office’s Complex Frauds and Cybercrime Unit for identity theft, money laundering, and wire fraud. Federal sentencing guidelines state that conviction for such offenses carries a statutory maximum term of imprisonment of 24 years. Acting U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Joon H. Kim, said in a Justice Department announcement, “This case should serve as a   call to all companies  —   even the most sophisticated  —   that they too can be victims of phishing attacks by cyber criminals. ” Rimasauskas, facing extradition from Lithuania, denied the allegations. Rimašaukas claims that he is innocent and intends to fight extradition to the United States. His attorney at the Cobalt firm, Linas Kuprusevicius, told Fortune in an email: “Mr. Rimasauskas cannot expect a fair and impartial trial in the U. S. A. ”",0
5405,Wells Fargo’s Reaction to Scandal Fails to Satisfy Angry Lawmakers - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   He is forfeiting at least $41 million in pay. He vows that his bank will drop its sales incentive program  —   blamed for prompting bankers to set up illegal and unauthorized bank and credit card accounts to meet their sales goals  —   by the end of the week, not in January, as he had previously promised. But at a hearing Thursday before the House Financial Services Committee, nobody was impressed. If anything, the House lawmakers who interrogated John G. Stumpf, the chief executive of Wells Fargo, were even angrier and more hostile than their Senate counterparts who questioned him last week, before either of those steps had been taken. One by one, Democrats and Republicans alike took turns ripping apart Mr. Stumpf and what took place at the bank he leads. They denounced the actions as “theft,” “a criminal enterprise,” identity fraud, an outrage and a devastating blow to the entire banking industry. But that was not all of Wells Fargo’s bad news for the day. Also on Thursday, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency fined Wells Fargo $20 million for violating rules on lending to members of the military, including a rate cap on how much interest can be charged to service members on active duty. In a separate action, Wells Fargo agreed to pay $4 million to resolve a Justice Department investigation into improper seizures of vehicles owned by soldiers who fell behind on their loans. “In those instances where some service members did not receive the appropriate benefits and protections, we did not live up to our commitment and we apologize,” the company said in a statement. “We have been notifying and fully compensating customers and will complete this work in 60 days. ” The news did not play well with members of the House committee, who spent more than four hours on Thursday questioning and castigating Mr. Stumpf about the misdeeds under his leadership. “It appears that the company just can’t make it through even this congressional hearing without us learning more and more information about what is going on at Wells Fargo,” Representative Maxine Waters, a Democrat of California, said as word began to spread of the coming sanctions over military lending. But Mr. Stumpf  —   whom the members of the House committee personally blamed for the persistent and widespread misdeeds  —   stuck to the same script he has used throughout the crisis. The problem, he explained, was an ethical lapse among the 5, 300 employees, most of them   bankers and tellers, who had been fired for their actions since 2011. At the hearing on Thursday, Mr. Stumpf apologized repeatedly for his bank’s failings and repeated his earlier pledge  —   given last week to the disgruntled Senate Finance Committee  —   to accept “full responsibility” for them. But he again rejected lawmakers’ attempts to cast the scandal as a consequence of broader failings in Wells Fargo’s leadership and corporate culture. “I led the company with courage,” Mr. Stumpf said, while admitting that the company “should have done more sooner” to address the problem of unauthorized accounts being created by employees in the names of real customers. After the Senate hearing and before the House hearing, the board of directors of Wells Fargo agreed to claw back $41 million of Mr. Stumpf’s unvested stock awards, deny him his annual bonus and strip away a portion of his $2. 8 million base salary. Mr. Stumpf said he approved of the decision. Carrie L. Tolstedt, who until recently ran the Wells Fargo retail banking operation, will lose $19 million in compensation. Confronted by the lawmakers with evidence that the practice of setting up phony accounts to meet sales goals might have gone back much further than the bank has admitted, perhaps to 2007, Mr. Stumpf said that Wells Fargo was continuing to investigate the extent of the problem, how far back it stretched and who knew. But those steps did not appease the lawmakers. Several called for Mr. Stumpf’s resignation, and others asked why he shouldn’t be jailed, like a bank robber. “Something is going wrong at this bank, and you are the head of it,” said Gregory Meeks, Democrat of New York, adding, “You should be fired. ” Mr. Stumpf replied, “I serve at the pleasure of the board. ” Mr. Stumpf is the board chairman. Mr. Meeks, at times pounding the table for emphasis, asked if Mr. Stumpf would have set free someone who had robbed a Wells Fargo Bank, then simply apologized and taken responsibility. Criticizing Wells Fargo’s “criminal activity,” Mr. Meeks said: “Your bank, Wells Fargo, has given the entire financial services industry a black eye. ” “To the American people, this kind of feels like déjà vu all over again,” said Representative Jeb Hensarling, the Texas Republican who is chairman of the committee. “Some institution is found engaging in terrible activities. There is a headline, fine, and yet no one seems to be held accountable. ” As Mr. Stumpf testified, a video screen on the hearing room’s wall displayed a scroll of more than a dozen fines Wells Fargo has paid in recent years, totaling more than $10 billion. The list included penalties for subprime loan abuses, discriminating against   and Hispanic mortgage borrowers, and foreclosure violations, among others. Mr. Hensarling asked whether such fines are simply the “cost of doing business. ” Mr. Stumpf answered no, adding, “I don’t want our culture to be defined by these mistakes. ” Wells Fargo has been in crisis mode since it acknowledged this month that its employees had, over the course of several years, opened as many as 1. 5 million bank accounts and 565, 000 credit card accounts that may not have been approved by customers. The company agreed to pay $185 million in penalties and fines to settle cases brought by federal regulators and the Los Angeles city attorney. Wells Fargo has said it is contacting all of the customers who may have been affected. So far, the bank has contacted 20, 000 customers with questionable credit cards. About a quarter of them have said that they did not apply for the card or could not remember if they had, Mr. Stumpf said at the hearing. He also said that Wells Fargo would eliminate its product sales goals for retail bankers by the end of the week, accelerating the bank’s previously announced plan to drop them by the start of next year.   say those sales goals led to intense pressure on workers to cheat to fulfill unrealistically high quotas. Mr. Stumpf carried with him a binder filled with material to help him form his answers, and he consulted it repeatedly as lawmakers questioned him about how many customers with potentially unauthorized accounts had been affected in their own home states. He reeled off the answers: Texas, 149, 857 Missouri, 1, 191 Delaware, 4, 255. The plight of Wells Fargo workers who lost their jobs for not meeting sales goals came up several times during the hearing, with lawmakers citing personal experiences from their constituents. Representative Nydia M. Velázquez, Democrat of New York, asked how many workers Wells Fargo had fired for falling short. “My understanding is that people should not be fired, terminated for missing sales goals,” Mr. Stumpf answered. “I’m not saying it didn’t happen. We’re doing a review of whatever, whoever might have been terminated for that. ” As for those who did take the fall for the illegal account openings, Representative Brad Sherman, a Democrat of California, was particularly acerbic. “You fired 5, 300 people,” he said at the hearing. “You took 5, 300 good Americans and turned them into felons. ” It is time, he concluded, to break up the big banks.",0
5406,Breitbart News Daily: Live from the G7 - Breitbart,"On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will report live from the G7 summit in Sicily, Italy. [He’ll be joined by Breitbart’s Rome Bureau Chief Dr. Tom Williams, who will continue our discussion of President Trump first foreign trip and of the Islamic terror attack in Manchester, England.  Michael Steele, former RNC Chairman and   of “Steele and Ungar” on SiriusXM POTUS Channel 124, will weigh in on Trump’s trip and on the results of the Montana special election. Peter Schweizer, author of the bestselling book Clinton Cash and President of the Government Accountability Institute, will discuss the Washington Post’s report that President Trump’s    and senior adviser Jared Kushner is now a “person of interest” in the investigation of possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. Schweizer will also address a recent New York Times Magazine article on Kushner’s Baltimore real estate empire. Tim Holbert, the senior vice president and executive director of the American Veterans Center, will discuss this year’s National Memorial Day Parade in Washington, DC. SiriusXM Patriot Channel host David Webb will join us to discuss the news of the week. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
5407,New York Times Admits Key Al Qaeda Role In Aleppo,"Videos New York Times Admits Key Al Qaeda Role In Aleppo In a backhand way, The New York Times admits that the U.S.-backed “moderate” rebels in east Aleppo are fighting alongside Al Qaeda jihadists, an almost casual admission of this long-obscured reality, writes Robert Parry. Be Sociable, Share! Syrian rebels walk in an alley in Idlib, Syria, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2012. (AP Photo) 
As much as The New York Times and the mainstream U.S. media have become propaganda outlets on most foreign policy issues, like the one-sided coverage of the bloody Syrian war, sometimes the truth seeps through in on-the-ground reporting by correspondents, even ones who usually are pushing the “propo.” 
Such was the case with Anne Barnard’s new reporting from inside west Aleppo, the major portion of the city which is in government hands and copes with regular terror rocket and mortar attacks from rebel-held east Aleppo where Al Qaeda militants and U.S.-armed-and-funded “moderate” rebels fight side-by-side. 
Almost in passing, Barnard’s article on Sunday acknowledged the rarely admitted reality of the Al Qaeda/”moderate” rebel collaboration, which puts the United States into a de facto alliance with Al Qaeda terrorists and their jihadist allies, fighting under banners such as Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and Ahrar al-Sham. 
Barnard also finally puts the blame for preventing civilians in east Aleppo from escaping the fighting on a rebel policy of keeping them in harm’s way rather than letting them transit through “humanitarian corridors” to safety. Some of her earlier pro-rebel accounts suggested that it wasn’t clear who was stopping movement of civilians through those corridors. 
However, on Sunday, she reported: “We had arrived at a critical moment, as Russia said there was only one day left to pass through a corridor it had provided for people to escape eastern Aleppo before the rebel side was flattened, a corridor through which precious few had passed. The government says rebels are preventing civilians from leaving. Rebels refuse any evacuation without international supervision and a broader deal to deliver humanitarian aid.” 
Granted, you still have to read between the lines, but at least there is the acknowledgement that rebels are refusing civilian evacuations under the current conditions. How that is different from Islamic State terrorists in Mosul, Iraq, preventing departures from their areas – a practice which the Times and other U.S. outlets condemn as using women and children as “human shields” – isn’t addressed. But Barnard’s crimped admission is at least a start. 
Barnard then writes: “Instead [of allowing civilians to move through the humanitarian corridors], they [the rebels] are trying to break the siege, with Qaeda-linked groups and those backed by the United States working together — the opposite of what Russia has demanded.” 
Again, that isn’t the clearest description of the situation, which is stunning enough that one might have expected it in the lede rather than buried deep inside the story, but it is significant that the Times is recognizing that Al Qaeda and the U.S.-backed “moderates” are “working together” and that Russia opposes that collaboration. 
She also noted that “Three Qaeda-linked suicide bombers attacked a military position with explosive-packed personnel carriers on Thursday, military officials said, and mortar fire was raining on neighborhoods that until now had been relatively safe. It was among the most intense rounds in four years of rebel shelling that officials say has killed 11,000 civilians.” 
While she then throws in a caveat about the impossibility of verifying the numbers, the acknowledgement that the U.S.-backed “moderate” rebels and their Al Qaeda comrades have been shelling civilians in west Aleppo is significant, too. Before this, all the American people heard was the other side, from rebel-held east Aleppo, about the human suffering there, often conveyed by “activists” with video cameras who have depicted the conflict as simply the willful killing of children by the evil Syrian government and the even more evil Russians. 
More Balance A Syrian soldier carries Syria’s national flag after successfully routing rebels from the Aleppo Military Academy in Aleppo, Syria. Sept. 05, 2016. 
With the admission of rebel terror attacks on civilians in west Aleppo, the picture finally is put into more balance. The Al Qaeda and U.S.-backed rebels have been killing thousands of civilians in government-controlled areas and the Syrian military and its Russian allies have struck back only to be condemned for committing “war crimes.” 
Though the human toll in both sides of Aleppo is tragic, we have seen comparable situations before – in which the U.S. government has supported, supplied and encouraged governments to mount fierce offensives to silence rockets or mortars fired by rebels toward civilian areas. 
For instance, senior U.S. government officials, including President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, have defended Israel’s right to defend itself from rockets fired from inside Gaza even though those missiles rarely kill anyone. Yet, Israel is allowed to bomb the near-defenseless people of Gaza at will, killing thousands including the four little boys blown apart in July 2014 while playing on a beach during the last round of what the Israelis call “mowing the grass.” 
In the context of those deaths, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power, who has built her career as a supposed humanitarian advocating a “responsibility to protect” civilians, laid the blame not on the Israeli military but on fighters in Gaza who had fired rockets that rarely hit anything besides sand. 
At the United Nations on July 18, 2014, Power said , “ President Obama spoke with [Israeli] Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States’ strong support for Israel’s right to defend itself…. Hamas’ attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks.” 
But that universal right apparently does not extend to Syria where U.S.-supplied rockets are fired into civilian neighborhoods of west Aleppo. In that case, Power and other U.S. officials apply an entirely different set of standards. Any Syrian or Russian destruction of east Aleppo with the goal of suppressing that rocket fire becomes a “war crime.” 
Perhaps it’s expected that the U.S. government, like other governments, will engage in hypocrisy regarding affairs of state: one set of rules for U.S. allies and another for countries marked for U.S. “regime change.” Statements by supposed “humanitarians” – such as Samantha Power, “Ms. R2P” – are no exception. 
But double standards are even more distasteful when they come from allegedly “objective” journalists such as those who work at The New York Times, The Washington Post and other prestige American news outlets. When they take the “U.S. side” in a dispute and become crude propagandists, they encourage the kind of misguided “group thinks” that led to the criminal Iraq War and other disastrous “regime change” projects over the past two decades. 
Yet, that is what we normally see. A thoughtful reader can’t peruse the international reporting of the U.S. mainstream media without realizing that it is corrupted by propaganda from both government officials and from U.S.-funded operations, often disguised as “human rights activists” or “citizen journalists” whose supposed independence makes their “propo” even more effective. 
So, it’s worth noting those rare occasions when The New York Times and the rest of the MSM let some of the reality peek through. When evaluating the latest plans from Hillary Clinton and other interventionists to expand the U.S. military intervention in Syria – via prettily named “safe zones” and “no-fly zones” – the American people should realize that they are being asked to come to the aid of Al Qaeda. Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America’s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ). The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Mint Press News editorial policy. Be Sociable, Share!",0
5408,UK announces new troop deployment near Russia's borders,"Military British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon (Photo by AFP) 
British Defense Minister Michael Fallon says the UK is set to deploy hundreds of troops to the Baltic region in Europe to support its NATO allies in the face of a “more assertive Russia.” 
Fallon told a NATO ministerial meeting in Brussels on Wednesday that Britain would send 800 soldiers to Estonia to fulfill its pledge to deliver one of four battalions to NATO’s Enhanced Forward Presence in Eastern Europe. 
“Backed by a rising defense budget, this deployment of air, land and sea forces shows that we will continue to play a leading role in NATO, supporting the defense and security of our allies from the north to the south of the alliance,” Fallon said. 
NATO had announced in July that it would deploy, on a rotational basis, four multinational battalions to Poland and the Baltic states—Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania—to deter what it referred to as “any Russian incursion.” 
During his address at the meeting, Fallon also said that four British Typhoon fighter jets would be dispatched to Romania under the NATO Southern Air Policing mission, which is supposed to protect the Baltic states' airspace against possible attacks from Russia. 
“This is about two things: reassurance, and that needs to be done with some formidable presence, and deterrence,” Fallon had said in an earlier interview. “This is not simply a trip-wire….This is a serious military presence.” 
The move is likely to draw criticism from Moscow, which has been angered by NATO’s military buildup on its Western borders. 
The US-led military alliance cut its ties with Moscow in 2014 and has been reinforcing its presence near Russia’s borders ever since. 
The UK and Russia have strong disagreements over a number of issues, mainly the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine. 
The two countries’ military forces have been involved in a series of aerial and naval confrontations, with Britain sending its jets and warships on several occasions to intercept Russian bombers and naval fleets. 
The latest of those encounters occurred on Thursday, when the Russian aircraft career Admiral Kuznetsov and its seven-ship task force were “shadowed” by two British warships on a course to sail through the North Sea and English Channel, on their way to Syria. Loading ...",0
5409,Bob Dylan Sends Warm Words but Skips Nobel Prize Ceremonies - The New York Times,"For Bob Dylan, the nagging question of whether his songs qualify as literature was settled for good on Saturday at the Nobel Prize ceremony in Stockholm  —   and his presence was not required to make the case. As the   folk singer forewarned, he was not there to receive the 2016 prize in literature, but he sent a warm, humble statement accepting the honor, which was read by Azita Raji, the American ambassador to Sweden, at an evening banquet in Stockholm. Invoking William Shakespeare, whom Mr. Dylan imagined to have been too consumed with practical matters  —   “How should this be staged?” “Where am I going to get a human skull?”  —   to bother with whether what he was doing was literature, Mr. Dylan wrote: “I too am often occupied with the pursuit of my creative endeavors and dealing with all aspects of life’s mundane matters. ‘Who are the best musicians for these songs?’ ‘Am I recording in the right studio?’ ‘Is this song in the right key?’ Some things never change, even in 400 years. “Not once have I ever had the time to ask myself, ‘Are my songs literature? ’” Mr. Dylan, 75, concluded. “So, I do thank the Swedish Academy, both for taking the time to consider that very question, and, ultimately, for providing such a wonderful answer. ” Earlier in the day, the Swedish Academy defended its nontraditional selection of a musician  —   and a seemingly uninterested one, at that  —   for the literary honor. (In his prepared remarks, Mr. Dylan would acknowledge his own inscrutable silence for two weeks after the prize was announced in October: “I was out on the road when I received this surprising news, and it took me more than a few minutes to properly process it. ”) In a speech in front of about 1, 500 guests, including the Swedish royal family, Horace Engdahl, a member of the Nobel Committee, called Mr. Dylan “a singer worthy of a place beside the Greek bards, beside Ovid, beside the Romantic visionaries, beside the kings and queens of the blues, beside the forgotten masters of brilliant standards. “If people in the literary world groan,” Mr. Engdahl added, “one must remind them that the gods don’t write, they dance and they sing. ” Mr. Engdahl’s speech was followed by a fittingly imperfect Patti Smith, who delivered an estimable Dylan impression on his 1963 song, “A Hard Rain’s   Fall,” but also proved his inimitable nature, flubbing a lyric and halting the performance midway through. “I’m sorry,” she said before resuming. “I’m so nervous. ” Still, some in the audience could be seen crying as she finished the song accompanied by a string section. At the same time, Mr. Dylan, who cited only “  commitments” when he finally declined the Nobel invitation, was being spoken about in   terms outside of Stockholm, as well. Exactly where the singer was on Saturday during the Scandinavian festivities  —   which included an evening banquet, with its traditional parade of desserts, after the afternoon   award ceremony  —   remained a mystery. He was not where he can most reliably be found these days  —   onstage  —   as his most recent batch of tour dates ended before Thanksgiving. But even with no public appearances scheduled, Mr. Dylan was also a spectral presence around his other, more private, known haunts. Neighbors at properties across the country that are registered in Mr. Dylan’s name or that of his management company described a local legend who was hard to pin down and rarely, if ever, seen  —   somewhere between Thomas Pynchon and Sasquatch. Outside of a gated home in Malibu, Calif. owned, according to local tax records, by Robert Dylan, a   security guard offered cryptically, “What you’re looking for doesn’t exist here anymore. ” Locals, however, described the folk legend as a   presence who had been seen intermittently in recent years. On Saturday morning during the Nobel ceremony, the home where Mr. Dylan is thought to live received visitors, including a white pickup truck advertising plumbing services. Two S. U. V.s also gained entrance beyond the prominent “No Trespassing” sign and security cameras, but a voice on the intercom denied Mr. Dylan was inside. About 2, 000 miles away, in Hanover, Minn. a few hours south of his native Hibbing, Mr. Dylan’s legend also loomed, though his corporeal presence remained elusive. At a property associated with Mr. Dylan’s companies, where his brother, David, is thought to live, a private drive lined with pine trees led to multiple buildings decorated for the holidays with lights and blowup Christmas characters. A   down the road was the Hilltop Bar, the one place in town that locals could agree Mr. Dylan had patronized. But the owner, who declined to give his name, said he had not served Mr. Dylan in a few years. Nearby, at the Tom Thumb gas station, there were whispers that Mr. Dylan had been around town over Thanksgiving, though no one could say why he missed the Nobel events, which also included news conferences and an earlier meeting with President Obama. Still, Mr. Dylan has not yet entirely ducked the Swedish Academy. To receive the award, which comes with 8 million Swedish krona, or about $870, 000, Nobel laureates are required to give a lecture on their subject within six months of Saturday’s ceremonies, and though the academy said it had nothing on the books yet, there was hope. “There is a chance that Bob Dylan will be performing in Stockholm next year, possibly in the spring,” the academy said in a statement, “in which case he will have a perfect opportunity to deliver his lecture. We will post more information as soon as we have it. ”",0
5410,A ‘Resistance’ Stands Against Trump. But What Will It Stand For? - The New York Times,"If we lived in normal political times, our new president would be enjoying his honeymoon period, those few blissful weeks of good will and high hopes that usually accompany the start of an administration. Instead, the election of Donald J. Trump to the nation’s highest office has provoked an opposition movement that is extraordinary in American history, with millions of people devoted to stopping whatever it is he might want to do. The declarations began early on, with one key word echoing across them. “We are going to resist, we are going to oppose,” the filmmaker Michael Moore announced on the Friday after Trump’s election. “This is going to be a massive resistance. ” The following week, the former MSNBC host Keith Olbermann began a new video series titled “The Resistance. ” In December, a group of former Democratic congressional staff members published a   pamphlet titled “Indivisible: A Practical Guide for Resisting the Trump Agenda,” calling on liberals and leftists to emulate the most effective tactics of the Tea Party. On Twitter, hashtags like #ResistTrump, #NewAmericanResistance and #TheResistance document the range of concerns and movements now assembling under one banner: climate change, net neutrality, Black Lives Matter, reproductive and immigrant and disability rights. The   Women’s March made all of this spectacularly visible, with a   show of defiance intended to put the president on notice. “Today is not a concert,” the march organizer Tamika Mallory told the crowd gathered in Washington. “It is not a parade. And it is not a party. Today is an act of resistance. ” Days later, activists unfurled a   banner from a crane behind the White House, with just one word printed on it: RESIST. As the term of choice for the emerging   coalition, “resistance” signals urgency, the desire to stand up and say no before it’s too late. At the same time, it concedes some ground: With Republicans controlling all three branches of government, “no” may be the only position available to Democrats, leftists and liberals. To resist is to do something negative  —   to push back against someone else’s agenda when your own back is up against the wall. It is a desperate word for desperate times, filled with limits as well as possibilities. A call to resist is different from a call to “organize” or  —   to borrow a word from the   Age of Obama  —   to “dream. ” Those words conjure visions of better worlds. Resistance names what you don’t want and leaves the vision thing for another, less urgent situation. It suggests a notably dark story about the next four years, one in which Democrats and liberals spend most of their time in a defensive crouch. Resistance evokes the struggle against totalitarianism, conveying personal defiance and official powerlessness at the same time. So what does it mean to apply that word in an ostensibly democratic system? If you’ve lost at the ballot box but aren’t seeking   revolution, what are the most useful forms of political action? If “yes” seems impossible but “no” seems insufficient, what fills the space between? Before Trump’s election, anyone who claimed to have been a member of “the resistance” was most likely over the age of 85, a veteran of   struggles in France and other   territories during World War II. That resistance involved armed conflict and personal risk of the bleakest sort, with guerrilla fighters hiding in the catacombs of Paris while Hitler’s forces did their worst above ground. Under fascist rule, there were no plausible options for political engagement. It was a fight to the death, and in early 1940s Europe, before the arrival of Allied troops, the outcome was far from certain. Talking about resistance still evokes this sense of honorable struggle against an occupying power. It implies patience as well as militancy, the ability to say no over and over and over again, to refuse to cooperate until the whole system crumbles. After the war, anticolonial movements from South Africa to Northern Ireland found their own strategies of resistance, settling in for long, sometimes bloody fights. The United States introduced its own peculiar twist on this idea, transforming a rallying cry of   liberation into a defense of white supremacy. In 1954, after the Brown v. Board of Education decision, white Southerners opted for “massive resistance”  —   a phrase coined by former Senator Harry F. Byrd of Virginia to describe the determined and bitter campaign to prevent the desegregation of Southern society. “Massive resistance” defended the racial status quo, but it adopted the language of rebellion, casting the federal government itself as an illegitimate occupying power. The American left created a different language of resistance, much of it focused around the   activities of groups like the War Resisters League. This   sensibility reached its peak in the late 1960s, during the Vietnam War, when student activists proclaimed a transition, per one slogan, “from Protest to Resistance. ” As the movement veterans Staughton Lynd and Michael Ferber pointed out in their 1971 book, “The Resistance,” that shift grew out of a desire to embrace “a deeper and riskier commitment, a move that warranted a new term to replace ‘dissent’ and ‘protest. ’’u2009” The goal was no longer simply to object to the war it was to throw a wrench into the war machine and make it stop. Antiwar activists continued to engage in peaceful protest  —   but now some also burned draft cards and firebombed R. O. T. C. centers. A small number, like the Weathermen, took up bona fide guerrilla activity, planting bombs at the Capitol, the Pentagon and other prominent buildings. As the war and its    stakes came to an end, so, too, did the embrace of resistance as a literal armed underground conspiracy. But while it faded as a political strategy, it began to gain prominence as a category of academic social analysis, the sort of thing that anthropologists and historians looked for in their studies of human societies. This was part of a broader trend toward “social history,” with its insistence that ordinary people  —   not just generals and politicians  —   could be the agents of serious historical change. Sometimes this meant studying organized revolts, like slave rebellions or peasant uprisings. By the 1980s, though, “resistance” had come to encompass a much broader set of behaviors. Enslaved or oppressed people might resist by taking up arms, but they might also resist simply by refusing to do as they were told. The political theorist James Scott called these “everyday forms of resistance”  —   a category that could include giving a sullen look to an employer, deliberately misfiling forms or just living life, as much as possible, on terms of your own choosing. Today’s “New American Resistance” seems to embrace at least some of this broader understanding. Joining it does not, thus far, require adherence to any particular ideology or set of tactical preferences. It simply means, in the biggest of   formulations, that you really don’t like Donald Trump, and you’re willing to do something about it. As a   enterprise, designed to achieve the greatest possible participation, this mode of resistance makes sense. But despite its good cheer, it still emphasizes what is not possible: It says that Trump is about to take a sledgehammer to the nation’s finest institutions and principles and that the only thing most citizens can do is shout “no” as loudly as possible. Many organizers have vowed that this yawp of dissent represents a beginning rather than an end  —   and history suggests that they may well be right. Some of the most significant shifts in modern American law and political culture came out of efforts birthed in panic and despair. During World War I, for instance, the United States banned criticism of the government, interned thousands of German Americans and instituted widespread surveillance of immigrants and political radicals. Many Americans supported these policies others feared that the country was abandoning cherished traditions of tolerance and free speech. In response, a small group of alarmed progressives founded an organization that came to be known as the American Civil Liberties Union. They lost many early courtroom battles, but their vision of a nation in which “civil liberties” were taken seriously eventually changed the face of American law and politics. There are conservative versions of this story, too. In the   at a moment when the   liberal consensus seemed to be at its height, William F. Buckley Jr. announced plans to “stand athwart history, yelling ‘Stop! ’’u2009” His new magazine, National Review, did not stop history, but it did provide a crucial platform for conservatives to think about where they wanted history to go. The budding movement set its sights on taking over the Republican Party and spent decades making that happen  —   turning resistance into concrete political success. Today even Buckley’s form of conservatism seems to be under assault by the Trump administration. It is at just those moments when old categories start to collapse, however, that room often opens up for something new. A nascent resistance, right now, is delivering an unusually loud and impassioned “no. ” But the mere act of refusal often turns out to have its own momentum. As people learn that they can indeed say “no,” they may begin to find new ways toward saying “yes. ”",0
5411,Hollande set to lose French presidency after complaining ‘there are too many immigrants’,"UK Express October 26, 2016 
The European leader’s controversial statements reportedly included Hollande saying the justice system was “full of cowards”, that there were “too many immigrants” and that there was a “problem” with Islam. 
Mr Hollande also spoke harshly about senior politicians in the book, which was released just as he intended to make public his desire to run for the presidency again in 2017. 
He blamed US President Barack Obama for creating ISIS saying: “I don’t know what would have happened if we had carried out strikes. What I can say is that we did not carry out strikes, and there’s Daesh.” 
Now party members are giving up on the leader following the hapless blunder. 
The party are scrambling to pick up the pieces, looking to Prime Minister Manuel Valls – who is disliked in the party – and Segolene Royal – the environment minister and an ex partner of Mr Hollande who is equally unsuccessful in electoral races. 
Political Scientist Bruno Cautres: “I’m stunned by the speed of his collapse. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:14 am Share this article",0
5412,The Working Class Won The Election — Paul Craig Roberts,"The Working Class Won The Election
Paul Craig Roberts
The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people.
It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran.
It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump’s victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury. Rogue agents in the CIA and Pentagon can cause a false flag attack that would disrupt friendly relations with Russia. Trump could make a mistake and retain neoconservatives in his government.
With Trump there is at least hope. Unless Trump is obstructed by bad judgment in his appointments and by obstacles put in his way, we should expect an end to Washington’s orchestrated conflict with Russia, the removal of the US missiles on Russia’s border with Poland and Romania, the end of the conflict in Ukraine, and the end of Washington’s effort to overthrow the Syrian government. However, achievements such as these imply the defeat of the US Oligarchy. Although Trump defeated Hillary, the Oligarchy still exists and is still powerful.
Trump said that he no longer sees the point of NATO 25 years after the Soviet collapse. If he sticks to his view, it means a big political change in Washington’s EU vassals. The hostility toward Russia of the current EU and NATO officials would have to cease. German Chancellor Merkel would have to change her spots or be replaced. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg would have to be dismissed. 
We do not know who Trump will select to serve in his government. It is likely that Trump is unfamiliar with the various possibilities and their positions on issues. It really depends on who is advising Trump and what advice they give him. Once we see his government, we will know whether we can be hopeful for the changes that now have a chance. 
If the oligarchy is unable to control Trump and he is actually successful in curbing the power and budget of the military/security complex and in holding the financial sector politically accountable, Trump could be assassinated. 
Trump said that he will put Hillary in prison. He should first put her on trial for treason and war crimes along with all of the neoconservatives. That would clear the decks for peace with the other two major nuclear powers over whom the neoconservatives seek hegemony. Although the neoconservatives would still have contacts in the hidden deep state, it would make it difficult for the vermin to organize false flag operations or an assassination. Rogue elements in the military/security complex could still bring off an assassination, but without neocons in the government a coverup would be more difficult.
Trump has more understanding and insight than his opponents realize. For a man such as Trump to risk acquiring so many powerful enemies and to risk his wealth and reputation, he had to have known that the people’s dissatisfaction with the ruling establishment meant he could be elected president. 
We won’t know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured.
A happy lasting result of the election is the complete discrediting of the US media. The media predicted an easy Hillary victory and even Democratic Party control of the US Senate. Even more important to the media’s loss of influence and credibility, despite the vicious media attack on Trump throughout the presidential primaries and presidential campaign, the media had no effect outside the Northeast and West coasts, the stomping grounds of the One Percent. The rest of the country ignored the media.
I did not think the Oligarchy would allow Trump to win. However, it seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda. Assured that Hillary was the sure winner, they were unprepared to put into effect plans to steal the election. 
Hillary is down, but not the Oligarchs. If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed.
The post The Working Class Won The Election — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
5413,Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hillary Clinton Waiting In Wings Of Stage Since 6 A.M. For DNC Speech PHILADELPHIA—Saying she arrived hours before any of the members of the production crew, sources confirmed Thursday that presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been waiting in the wings of the Wells Fargo Center stage since six o’clock this morning to deliver her speech at the Democratic National Convention. Depressed, Butter-Covered Tom Vilsack Enters Sixth Day Of Corn Bender After Losing VP Spot WASHINGTON—Saying she has grown increasingly concerned about her husband’s mental and physical well-being since last Friday, Christie Vilsack, the wife of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, told reporters Thursday that the despondent, butter-covered cabinet member has entered the sixth day of a destructive corn bender after being passed over for the Democratic vice presidential spot. DNC Speech: ‘I Am Proud To Say I Walked In On Bill And Hillary Having Sex’ A friend of the Clinton family describes a Hillary who America never gets to see: the one he saw having sex. Trump Sick And Tired Of Mainstream Media Always Trying To Put His Words Into Some Sort Of Context NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the practice was just more evidence of journalists’ bias against him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated Thursday that he was sick and tired of the mainstream media always attempting to place his words into some kind of context. Who’s Speaking At The DNC: Day 4 Here is a guide to the major speakers who will be addressing attendees on the final night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention Bound, Gagged Joaquin Castro Horrified By What His Identical Twin Brother Might Be Doing Out On DNC Floor PHILADELPHIA—Struggling to free himself from the tightly wound lengths of rope binding his wrists and ankles together, bruised and gagged Texas congressman Joaquin Castro was reportedly horrified by what his identical twin brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro, might be out doing on the floor of the DNC Thursday. Obama: ‘Hillary Will Fight To Protect My Legacy, Even The Truly Detestable Parts’ PHILADELPHIA—Emphasizing the former secretary of state’s competence and tenacity during his Democratic National Convention address Wednesday night, President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton as someone who would work tirelessly to defend and advance the legacy he had built, even the “truly repugnant parts.” Tim Kaine Clearly Tuning Out In Middle Of Boring Vice Presidential Acceptance Speech PHILADELPHIA—Describing the look of total disinterest on his face and noting how he kept peering down at his watch as the speech progressed, sources at the Democratic National Convention said that Virginia senator Tim Kaine clearly began tuning out partway through the boring vice presidential acceptance address Wednesday night. Cannon Overshoots Tim Kaine Across Wells Fargo Center PHILADELPHIA—Noting that the vice presidential nominee had been launched nearly 100 feet into the air during his entrance into the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, sources reported that the cannon at the back of the Wells Fargo Center had accidentally overshot Tim Kaine across the arena, sending him crashing to the stage several dozen feet beyond the erected safety net. Biden Regales DNC With Story Of ’80s Girl Band Vixen Breaking Hard Rock’s Glass Ceiling PHILADELPHIA—Devoting a large portion of his speech to the “pioneering, stiffy-inducing” all-female quartet, Vice President Joe Biden regaled the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night with the rousing story of the metal band Vixen breaking hard rock’s glass ceiling in the late 1980s. ",0
5414,WashPost: ’Never Trump’ Republicans Complain About Never Getting a Job at the New White House - Breitbart,"Since the election, “Never Trump” means never getting a job in   Donald Trump’s administration, and that’s a bad thing, according to a new Washington Post article. [The article channels the   laments of establishment Republicans who signed the two main “Never Trump” letters during the GOP primaries.  Before he won, the conversation was, ‘We really would love for you to change your mind and join us,’ ” Peter Feaver, a National Security Council special adviser under President George W. Bush, said of informal talks with Trump aides. Feaver, who signed both letters, added that, “Since he won . . . the conversation is, ‘There likely will be a blacklist of people who signed the letters who won’t themselves be eligible for a post. ’” The “Never Trump” Republicans signed public letters saying Trump “would be the most reckless president in American history. ” Now that Trump is about to take office, they’re prepared to nobly serve their country, but only if Trump will come to his senses and hire them. The Washington Post portrays the routine job consideration of applicant’s loyalty as something sinister and frightening as it presents responses from Republicans surprised they are now unwelcome. According to the Post: “It’s hostile,” said this person, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of further retribution. “It’s not just that we’re frozen out  …     I was told they said there was an enemies list. ” Still, the Post’s editors are standing up for the Republicans they like. “The   has virtually no experience in national security and foreign policy, and his transition team could presumably benefit from the broadest pool of applicants for the influential appointive positions in the State Department, Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security,” the Post snipes. “[T]he purportedly blacklisted figures report to their jobs at Washington law firms and think tanks in a state of indefinite limbo as their colleagues, some working in the same offices, are flirting with potential administration jobs. ” Unhappily for those in the D. C. holding pens, the Trump administration has rejected much of Washington’s   culture and is staffing key posts with military and business leaders. “The   favors people who have been successful in the private sector and amassed personal wealth over those who have achieved prominence in academic or policy fields,” the Post writes in another article. “Those close to him  …     see think tanks as part of a Washington culture that has failed to implement good governance, while becoming beholden to donors. ” The same elite that attended the same schools, lives ensconced in the same wealthy zip codes, holds the same narrow views on trade, immigration, and war, are now competing with an alternative elite brought in by Trump. Given their vitriol during the campaign, and the weeping and gnashing of teeth after Trump’s election night win, getting passed over for an administration job should not be a surprise. But the political class thinks it’s indispensable, and there would be no consequences for them. They believed the 2016 election would be a polite argument between the Clinton and Bush dynasties —  and Trump would never win. What the Washington Post calls “establishment  ” find themselves shut out of shaping the future of the country with no one to blame but themselves. Read it all here.",0
5415,How Women Over 50 Can Keep Their Careers on Track - The New York Times,"For Debra Dixon, a principal with TwinLogic Strategies, a boutique lobbying firm in Washington, staying on top of her career has required flexibility and  . Ms. Dixon, 52, worked for former Representative Xavier Becerra, Democrat of California, for nearly 17 years, first as his legislative director and trade counsel, and then as his chief of staff, until she was appointed chief of staff for the United States Department of Education’s Office of Planning, Evaluation and Policy Development in 2014. Two years later, Ms. Dixon started her own consulting business, Dixon Avecilla. “When I worked on the Hill, part of my job was to look around corners and think about what the future might hold,” Ms. Dixon said. “I had to do that for my boss and for my team, so it was a skill that I had, but as I grow older, I’ve had to do it for myself. ” But running her own shop lasted only a few months. “I went out on my own in May and four months later, my client, Elizabeth Frazee, a   of TwinLogic Strategies, hired me full time,” Ms. Dixon said. “She was going to subcontract some work to me, and we were talking about the scope of the work when she said, ‘Unless you want to join us outright,’ and I took her up on it. ” For women like Ms. Dixon who have been in the work force for decades, it is increasingly important to stay relevant and on top of their professional game to remain marketable to employers and clients. Many women need to keep working past traditional retirement age given their longer life spans and often lower earnings than their male counterparts, which often mean less retirement savings. The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2022 about 28 percent of women ages 65 to 74 will be in the labor force, up from 12. 5 percent in 1992. Many women over 50 find it challenging to manage their careers. “Women tend to have two strikes against them,” said Debra Whitman, AARP’s chief public policy officer. “There is age discrimination as well as gender discrimination, and you add the two of those, and it’s magnified. ” To keep her career moving ahead, Ms. Dixon said she had to make a “big adjustment” from being a leader of teams to being an individual contributor, but she is happy she did it. She also credits her networking skills with helping her stay on track. “I reached out in every direction, 360 degrees, side to side and up and down,” she said. “You never know where opportunities will present themselves, or how someone that you’ve mentored, or helped along the way, might return the favor. ” Ms. Frazee was a contact from Ms. Dixon’s early days in government. “It was a conscious networking back then because she was a Republican and I was a Democrat,” Ms. Dixon said, “and we both wanted to get to know someone from the other party. ” A strong professional and social connection like that one, nurtured over the years, can be a cornerstone of career longevity. “We underestimate the power of our networks,” Ms. Whitman said. “You can’t be complacent. ” Women who flourish at this stage of their careers typically look beyond their immediate peer group for potential relationships that might pay off later. “I always encourage my older clients to have younger people in their network,” said Jayne Mattson of Keystone Associates, a   firm in Boston. “They are the ones who are going to be hiring you. ” Some of the best opportunities for women in their 50s are in the entrepreneurial space, according to Sylvia Ann Hewlett, an economist and the founder and chief executive of the Center for Talent Innovation, a research group on work and talent development a   of the Women’s Leadership Program at Columbia Business School and the author of “Forget a Mentor, Find a Sponsor. ” “With the skills that this generation of women have, they want to go do their thing either on their own or with a more flexible career within the company where they work,” she said. “They’re looking for meaning and purpose and a paycheck at these older years. ” The ticket for many women is to find someone who has some power and can open a door for them, Ms. Hewlett said. “I needed to take sponsorship much more seriously, for instance, as I sought funding for the think tank that I founded at age 56 and my consulting firm that I founded at age 59,” she said. “I was able to convince folks that I had lots of runway left. ” Ms. Hewlett mobilized her network for her ventures by “literally dusting off my Rolodex,” she said. “The great news is that if you’ve been a professional for a number of years, you have all kinds of acquaintances, or former college friends, parents of friends of your children, maybe even your children’s friends, depending on your age. You almost don’t realize the network you’ve got. ” Women need to take an inventory of their strengths and accomplishments, Ms. Hewlett said, and make sure people know about them. For most professions, having an    social media presence and LinkedIn profile show that someone is not a Luddite when it comes to navigating the internet. Ms. Dixon is convinced that although she and Ms. Frazee has been in touch periodically, it was when she brushed up her LinkedIn page that she came across Ms. Frazee’s radar again. “You have to look pretty carefully at the assumptions that people make about women over 50,” said Beverly E. Jones, an executive coach and the author of “Think Like an Entrepreneur, Act Like a CEO. ” “One of the assumptions is that after a certain age you are resistant to change, particularly change related to technology. That’s a red flag. ” The way to fight back is to be curious, she said. “Take classes in areas that interest you,” she said. “Any time that you put yourself in the path of learning something new, it changes how you see the world, and it changes how you perform. ” Career experts widely acknowledge that continuing education and skill building are important to keeping a career viable. “Take an online coding class,” advised Sallie Krawcheck, the author of  “Own It: The Power of Women at Work” a   and chief executive of Ellevest, a digital investment platform for women and the chairwoman of Ellevate Network, a professional women’s network. “Master some new technology,” she said. “Freelance on the side to boost your talents spend time with people who are innovating in your industry and even starting companies. “Whatever you can do to keep yourself moving forward will reduce your career risk and make your life a lot more interesting and fun. ” To signal to the world that you are on a path of action, jump at new opportunities even if they scare you, Ms. Jones said. “You’ve got to raise your hand,” she said. “For me, I recently started doing podcasts. I didn’t know anything about doing podcasts. But I thought, why not?”",0
5416,Paid Protesters “Planning to Cause Chaos In DC” And Block Peaceful Inauguration for Trump,"
It may be that even with the post-election riots that have swept the country, we ain’t seen nothing yet.
This country is fissuring. Its people are sharply divided, but more than that, covert finance is pushing things towards unrest and martial law.
If Soros money and its ilk proves effective, inauguration day on January 20th will become one of the largest demonstrations on record, with a group calling itself #DISRUPTJ20 planning to block “peaceful transition” and disrupt Trump’s swearing in.
The groups promoting it are calling on people nationwide to join in, and for business in D.C. to take sides and take “direct action” and attempt to stop the parade, block streets and other delay the events as scheduled:
#DisruptJ20: Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald Trump on January 20, 2017 
On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the United States. We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule.
[…] If there is going to be positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action. From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It’s time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it—because they do.
[…]
If you can’t make it to Washington, DC on January 20, take to the streets wherever you are. We call on our comrades to organize demonstrations and other actions for the night of January 20. There is also a call for a general strike to take place. Organize a walkout at your school now. Workers: call out sick and take the day off. No work, no school, no shopping, no housework.
#DisruptJ20 Spread the word. Join the fight. #DisruptJ20
Facebook: http://tinyurl.com/disruptj20
Though it remains to be seen how many will actually show up on the day and join in, the group is concerning as it is calling for violence out of the gates.
#DisruptJ20 : Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald #Trump on January 20, 2017 pic.twitter.com/EGU65bOtNG 
— stimulator (@stimulator) November 11, 2016 

Violence Being Arranged for Trump Inauguration: Group Openly Recruiting for “No Peaceful Transition” #disruptJ20 https://t.co/ctPHDFrHiZ 
— ✨Michelle✨ (@mrntweet2) November 12, 2016 

We can block the buses and make them late #disruptj20 get truckers to block the highways all the way there.
— 0 (@0hour) November 11, 2016 

All of these people openly planning violence need to be arrested. Domestic terrorism. #disruptj20 
— Christie Bluhm (@Christie_Bluhm) November 11, 2016 

As Dahboo77 is reporting :
Using a propaganda video packed with outright lies, the radical left is already calling for violent uprisings and is recruiting for people to violently disrupt the Presidential Inauguration on January 20. The recruiting effort is so packed full of unbelievably false information, that only a totally uniformed moron would take it seriously.

How much longer will foundation fronts have to funnel seed money until – as planned – chaos has been sown?
How many staged riots and paid provocateurs will it take until a police state response brings this country to its knees, and places it under martial law?",0
5417,Victoria Gotti: ‘King Con’ Donald Trump Should Take His Pig Self Back to ‘Dump Tower’,"  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Victoria Gotti: ‘King Con’ Donald Trump Should Take His Pig Self Back to ‘Dump Tower’ By Ian Greenhalgh on October 27, 2016 She explains in inimitable fashion why she gives ‘that lady Hillary my respect’ while ‘King Con’ gets none. 
[Editor’s note: Mrs Gotti obviously knows a thing or two about gangsters and the mafia, well, more than a thing or two, considering who her husband was. 
Her assessment of Trump as a ‘a full of himself spoiled rich brat’ and a ‘crude obnoxious megalomaniacal mutt’ is right on the money, she also correctly identifies his campaign as a massive con job. 
Also, her assessment that the Russians must be laughing their arses off at US politics is most likely accurate too, she could have added just about every other country is too; that is the result of allowing someone so utterly unqualified, such a total fraud and thoroughly disgusting in so many ways to even run. 
Trump has done huge damage to America’s image in the world, which was already less than positive; he has made a mockery of US politics and his pandering to the worst, dumbest and most unpleasant sectors of US society has revealed to the world that there are still a lot of incredibly stupid and highly racist assholes in America; that far from being ‘exceptional’ a large part of the US population would better be described as ‘excreable’. 
As Gordon pointed out, the normal, sensible American majority has taken note of who the Trump supporters are and won’t forget that they wanted a serial sex abuser, con artist and criminal to ‘Make America Great Again’. Great for everyone except blacks, asians, muslims, Mexicans, women, in fact, anyone who isn’t part of the organised crime elite that Trump is part of. 
I understand the burning desire for change, I share that emotion, but I remain utterly shocked and aghast at the level of pure dumbfuckery that has been displayed by those who have been fooled into thinking Trump is the one who can deliver it. Ian] Victoria Gotti: ‘King Con’ Donald Trump Should Take His Pig Self Back to ‘Dump Tower’ 
Donald Trump has had dealings with members or associates of at least three Mafia families, but you can be sure that he never never groped their wives, girlfriends, or daughters. 
The widow of Gambino family boss John Gotti makes clear that she would not have allowed her own husband even to speak as Trump did on the now infamous Access Hollywood outtake. 
“I was married to #1 gangster and would have cut his throat if he ever said such a foul thing to me,” Victoria Gotti said in an email to a longtime pen pal at The Daily Beast whom she has nicknamed “Dimples.” 
She noted in the email that she and her family had been the subject of various false accusations, adding, “Dimples, It’s hard to tell anymore as to what is ‘truth or fiction.’” But she had reached a decision regarding Trump. 
“No, definitely not for Trump, a full of himself spoiled rich brat.” 
She said she will be voting for Hillary Clinton, though “I am so disappointed by the choice.” She added, “my man is Joe Biden, ‘Class act.’” 
She said of Trump, “what an embarrassment to the country. My mothers side is from Russia, they must be laughing their ‘arses’ off,.at our politics.” 
Victoria made her view of The Donald even clearer in a post on Facebook, writing: 
“Hoping you women out there who have any ‘class or dignity’ remember what this ‘crude obnoxious megalomaniacal mutt’ really thinks about women, someone needs to pull him by that useless twinkie he thinks is worth gold, Rosie is a disgusting pig you pos.” 
Victoria was back on Facebook about Trump following the third presidential debate, on Oct. 19 in Las Vegas. The assertion by the man she dubbed “dUMP” that the election was rigged roused her to ALL CAPS: 
“IF ACCORDING TO dUMP, THE ELECTION IS RIGGED , WHY DID HE WASTE TIME AND MEGA BUCKS GOING IN? FOR WHAT? SHOULD HE LOSE TO WHINE, AND SAY I DIDNT WIN BECAUSE ITS RIGGED? GIVE ME A GODAMN BREAK WITH THIS SPOILED BRAT. HES A SICKENING ABUSIVE PERSONALITY.” 
She went on, “HE NEEDS TO GET ON HIS HORSE & GIDDYAP BACK TO HIS GILDED BIRD CAGE IN DUMP TOWER.HE HAS NO INTEREST AT HEART BUT HIS OWN , KING CON IS HIS GAME.” 
In one of her most recent posts, Victoria stood up for Hillary Clinton. 
“I’m totally sick of the vicious Hillary haters, did Bill cheat,? more than likely, so the fuck what? ‘he’ ran the country, his ‘pecker’ didn’t…” 
Victoria noted, “from what I read the dump is a serial cheater as well, can he run the country? highly ‘doubtful’ I believe this bull will be getting divorced before any term is up, hope we get there without a war during his reign, should he win.” 
She returned her attention to Hillary. 
“I give that lady Hilary my respect that she stayed with Bill and kept her family together, I don’t think I would have that kind of fortitude ,there were some stories of the same ilk in regard to John G .he use to tell me he needed a ‘steel dick’ to service all the women government and media put him with, at the end of the day it was ‘me’ he came home to.” 
She then summed it all up as seen by someone who has seen it all. 
“so you just can’t believe all the vitriol, you either love him enough to keep your family together or you don’t, and Hilary did, and does, more than i can say for dump. End of story!” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on October 27, 2016, With 165 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.",0
5418,"Obama Gets DESPERATE, Tells Americans Trump Will Tolerate The KKK If President","0 comments 
The Democrats are getting really nervous about Trump winning the election. They’re trying to do everything that they can to tear him down even more than Hillary is already. Obama even went as far as to say that the KKK will return! 
President Barack Obama wants people in North Carolina to vote for Hillary Clinton, so he’s warning them that Donald Trump would tolerate the support of the Klu Klux Klan if he’s elected president. “If you accept the support of Klan sympathizers — the Klan — and hesitate when asked about that support, then you’ll tolerate that support when you’re in office,” he said. 
Obama added that Trump would “disrespect” the Constitution as president, citing the Republican nominee’s vow to put Hillary Clinton in jail. 
“[Y]ou threaten to throw your opponent in jail without any due process … then imagine what you’ll do when you actually have the power to violate the Constitution along those lines,” Obama warned. 
Obama made his remarks at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill on Wednesday, saying that the fate of the world rests on their shoulders. 
“I hate to put a little pressure on you, but the fate of the Republic rests on your shoulders,” he said as the audience laughed. “The fate of the world is teetering, and you, North Carolina, are going to have to make sure that we push it in the right direction.” 
Obama dismissed all of the negative ads and bad news that hurt Hillary Clinton as “noise” and “distractions,” that they should put aside. 
“Every day is just hysteria and over-the-top coverage,” he said, admitting that even he was getting tired of politics. “I understand the feeling, I promise you.” 
He argued that the choice for president was simple, because Trump was a con artist who was unfit and not ready to be president. 
“I mean, it’s strange how, over time, what is crazy gets normalized,” Obama said, referring to the multiple controversial statements made by Trump during the campaign. 
“That is not the voice of America. That’s not the better angels of our nature,” he said. 
If you thought things couldn’t get any more ridiculous, you’re wrong. This accusation is taking things to a whole new level just days before voting. It’s nothing but a desperate, pathetic plea for help. Related Items",0
5419,Hell Comes to Frogtown: Alt Right and Triumph of Transhumanism,"
While Richard Spencer’s half-joke of hailing Donald Trump with R oman salute rose a lot of dust, some remarks in his NPI speech point into rather sinister direction. A posthuman one. 
transcript with references and additional a/v material: 
Undoubtedly, there was a sigh of relief throughout the world when Hillary Clinton lost Presidential elections to Donald Trump. If for nothing else, then for the sake of quiet joy of watching adolescent commissars melt in tears “because: racism, homophobia, xenophobia and whateverphobia”; it was a joy, and a relief, because it showed monolithic control system of moral nominalism , dubbed “political correctness”, to be a paper tiger. 
However, party is over and dialectics is back with the vengeance. As SJW s are, hopefully, moving out from the spotlight of post-historical stage, the new contender asserts his right to fashion the reality of our day and age into his own image. If we are to judge the day by the first gleam of dawn, this image will be just as ugly – and just as unreal – as hermaphrodite ideal of politically correct “ shitlib ”. 
In the words of more or less universally acclaimed leader of the “alternative right” movement, Richard Spencer, in the future we are to deal with the leadership of “children of the sun”. 
This is an interesting, and to my mind quite worrisome, statement of intent – a manifestation of will, as Spencer would doubtless rectify me – pointing out in many directions while seemingly focusing on the eternal – and quite unidirectional – circular movement of the pagan deity, revered by all self-respecting übermenschen – from Nietzsche to postmodern occultists. 
However, there’s a deeper astro-theological metaphor at work here. The “pure eye that can gaze upon overabundance of joy without envy” (Nietzsche) in it’s virtual, postmodern, installment is not to be strictly represented by Swastika – as Spencer apparently assumes, but by other, only seemingly ancient, symbol taken in fact from the world of tabletop and PC gaming and turned into ideological brand by Russian philosopher Alexander Dugin (or his minions): an individual widely promoted by core members of alt right movement. 
The symbol in question is an eight pointed star signifying the movement, not of sun, but of presumably primordial origin of everything: Chaos. 
In the lines to follow, we’ll provide some preliminary analysis of the emerging situation: the channeling of chaos principle – and adjacent chaos logic – through loosely knit alt right movement, taking as a starting point some statements from Spencer’s speech held at NPI Conference in Washington D.C. on November 21 st . 

Triumph of the will or hipster Babylon working 

In introduction to his triumphal encomium to the ideological victory of alt right, embodied in the election of Donald Trump, Spencer makes one interesting remark: 
“But even though we always took Trump seriously, there was still a moment of unreality – or perhaps too painfully intense reality – when the state of Pennsylvania was called for Donald Trump, the moment when we knew Kek had smiled upon us, that meme magic was real. And though these terms are used half-jokingly, they represent something truly important–the victory of will . We willed Donald Trump into office, made this dream into reality. ” 
It is all delivered in a manner of an in-joke, not to be taken too seriously. Moreover, to the uninitiated into mysteries of this Internet movement it is probably unclear who is “Kek” and what exactly is “meme magic”. 
We’ll start our explanation with lesser weirdness. 
“Meme” is an expression denoting “inexistent existent”, coined apparently by Richard Dawkins to explain how human thoughts fit in his evolutionary theology: memes are thoughts expressed in image and/or phrase which, by circulation in public, acquire the life and subsistence of their own and are able to “infect” the consciousness with their messages, like viruses. Meme is inexistent because there’s no such thing as thoughts having a biologically based self-subsistence and ability to procreate like viruses. Images and/or phrases are not living beings save by bad analogy that omits to tell us on what exactly it is based: what is that one principle making memes and viruses congenial. Yet they, quite paradoxically, exist because analogy apparently works . However no one seems to pose the question, why it works. 
Well, it works because it is magical. 

Chaos Magick 

Here we have an example of magical thinking in the postmodern – in fact posthumanist – vein, resting on assumption that what has not evolved in nature can – and should – be created in analogy to imagined process of evolution. If artificial construct is in line with “principle of evolution” it is real or, to be more precise, it is in accordance with imaginary nature of this principle; it is imagined into existence . 
Therefore “meme magick” works only insofar it relies upon artificial, preferably technological medium for sustenance and on assumption that its recipients identify themselves with their artificial, preferably online identities that can indeed be imbibed with “memes” as they are in themselves artificial and arbitrary constructs. 
The goal of practitioner of such magic – a far cry from what was traditionally considered to be magic – is to change the world according to his will. This is, more or less, what is known from the Seventies of the last century as chaos magick , a postmodern imitation of ancient practice of acting in sub-human and sub-natural “domain” of the world, in the past mostly confined to people born with dubious talent to practice it. The peculiarity of chaos magick is, on the one hand, that it is entirely syncretic, i.e. that it uses everything that it’s practitioner can imbibe with intended, subjective, meaning, and that it relies on virtual, i.e. artificial world of mass culture, now embodied above all in Internet. 
The idea behind it all is that nothing is true and everything is possible . 
There are many interesting implications to this. 
The first is that everything is interrelated, i.e. that everything is connected with everything else. So any which way you take, you’ll get where you want to get if you will it hard enough. The second is that there’s no hierarchy of higher and lower – there’s only an infinite surface dissolving into ever more complex elements, dissolving in turn into nothingness, if concentrated upon. As there’s nothing higher, there’s nothing to be revered and everything can – and indeed: should – be an object of ironical laughter. And, most importantly, this is the world of dreams, ruled by what is usually called “dream logic” but in actual fact: chaos logic or un-logic . 
In this sense, Richard Spencer quite accurately proclaimed Trump’s victory an accomplishment of meme- or chaos magick. 
Trump is willed into office by Internet memes binding the will of alt right adherents and turning their dream into reality – virtual reality, one may add, yet reality nonetheless. The fact that Trump was elected for a plethora of motives – from the appeal of his politics, to public takedown of Hillary Clinton by Wikileaks – is immaterial, because in the world of chaos every subjective “reality tunnel”, or interpretation of the world, is as real as any other. 
In this sense we can observe new “God Emperor of USA” as a magical creation of Internet, by the Internet and for the Internet – today still the Internet of interconnected computer nodes, but soon probably the Internet of things. If one is to push Spencer’s remark to it’s logical extreme, we can assert that illustrious Donald is the world’s first president of posthuman race; an embodiment of ultra progressive dream invoked to reality by professed ultra anti-progressive group. 
So that was lesser weirdness. Let us proceed now to high weirdness. 


We owe the reader an answer to a question: who the hell is Kek? 
Well, the reason why Spencer mentions him is again a magickal “half-joke”: Kek is interpreted to be an ancient Egyptian deity by a number of Internet observers and identified with alt right memetic avatar – Pepe the frog. While I habitually suspend judgment on all things Egyptian, because ancient Egyptian culture is a slippery ground even for experts, I consider this interpretation, upon closer inspection, to be quite valid in the virtual light of chaos logic. 
Namely, Pepe, the cartoon character, conceived in 2005. by cartoonist Matt Furie, emerged as a meme from the depths of Internet forums, more precisely: 4chan sub-forum /pol/, devoted to political discussions with no holds barred, which was, in view of some observers, a breeding ground for many alt right aficionados; a place of absolute freedom, therefore: absolute chaos. 
The expression “kek” was also appropriated from the forums and stems from the in-joke among the players of World of Warcraft , replacing the standard Internet abbreviation “LOL” (“laughing out loud”). Someone eventually noticed that Kek is in fact the name of frog-headed Egyptian deity, signifying Chaos and darkness, and Pepe was rebranded as Kek the deity – ironic one, no doubt, half joking one, as surprisingly many alt righters like to put it, but deity nonetheless. 
It is important to point out that in view of the most “esoteric Kekists”, that is: (half grinning) faithful of Kek/Pepe, the association was originally entirely haphazard and accidental, yet it developed into an ever growing system of synchronicities – causally unrelated meaningful relations among events. So it came to pass that Kek sounds very similar to ‘cuck’(originally: cuckservative), a term denoting old fashioned conservative who was still not “red pilled” (another meme taken from pop culture, shared by both alt right and conspiracy theorists) by alt right or, should we assume: Kek himself; furthermore, Hillary Clinton addressed Pepe as nothing less than public enemy, identifying presumably the whole alt right movement with cartoon character. Then it happened that after this act Hillary fainted in front of the cameras, and that was immediately interpreted as an action of Kek. 
A good run-down of Kek/Pepe/Trump identification 
However, it all began with people noticing the numerical synchronicities in the random series of numbers in posts on /pol/ sub-forum: 
„One last thing you need to understand about imageboard culture: dubs. 
Every post on 4chan and similar venues comes with an 8-digit numerical stamp. This number represents that post’s entry position in the entire posting lineage of the imageboard. 
With the amount of traffic these sites get, the last couple digits of this number are essentially a random roll. When a poster gets repeated digits, its called “dubs”, “trips”, “quads”, and so on. 
Since a poster can’t know their post number until after they’ve submitted the post, its common for people to “bet” the contents of their message on the occurrence of repeating digits (…) When that endeavor proves a successful, a “GET” has been made and the stroke of luck is celebrated. 
Out of this practice, a strange phenomenon began to take place on /pol/: discussion threads associated with Trump displayed noticeably frequent GETs. It wasn’t long before all of these seemingly random elements discussed so far became irreparably tied together within imageboard culture: Pepe the Frog (now /pol/’s unofficial mascot) Donald Trump (/pol/’s overwhelming candidate of choice) Repeating digit post numbers (“GETS”) “KEK” (used as an expression of delight, particular in response to Trump’s “trolling” of the establishment, as well as in reaction to unlikely GETs in general) 
…and a god was born.“ ( source ) 

Synchronicities related to emergence of Kek the God and his merging with Trump in the bowels of Internet forums early on in the presidential campaign, are so numerous and, frankly, mind boggling that we cannot list them here, for the sake of brevity. For our purpose it is sufficient to point out that for many alt right aficionados, including core leadership, Kek is the God and Trump is his prophet, all declared with smug grin and ironical stance, yet with all the necessary power of conviction. 
Namely, chaos magick relies on laughter, or irreverence of its own principles because it is essentially un-principled. Fairly in accordance with its postmodern nature it seeks to deconstruct any kind of order to enable its “practitioner” to impose his own will and change the world – as Spencer would put it: make his dreams a reality. 
I would go further and add: make all reality a dream ; because, chaos magick and alt right are nothing more but novel forms in the development of virtual, i.e. posthuman , world. The idea of adherence and reattachment to tradition that the alt right movement professes is nothing more but simulacrum appealing to people tired of liberal nihilism – in its essence, however, it is a complete opposite: a disintegration of all substantial traditional principles – above all an idea of preexistent hierarchy of Being – into nothingness of primordial Chaos. 

Posthuman traditionalism 

I already developed this insight regarding the subversive work of Alexander Dugin, who is probably the most consequent subverter of Tradition with recognizable public persona acting in our age, but now we can see how his affiliates in USA and Europe are doing the same thing – with less philosophical subtlety, but fueled by much greater raw power. Namely, alt right, if we are to judge by what it’s leadership advocates, is ideologically nothing more but project of building the simulated tradition – something Richard Spencer likes to call “political theology” – founded on New Age filtered Aryan myths , racial interpretation of Nietzsche and generally crossbred with “do your own thing” mentality, all done in the virtual ether of information technology. After all, if we are to agree with Spencer – half jokingly of course – that God Emperor was inaugurated by the act of Kek the God, then the victory of alt right “traditionalists” is in fact the victory of technological magic; the act of pseudo magus waving the same wand Ray Kurzweill and his ilk offer to progressive lunatics . 
In the end, therefore, we are talking about another victory of posthumanism, branded, spontaneously or otherwise, as traditionalism. The obsession of alt right adherents with “identity” in general and “white identity” in particular points to a fact that they are unable to realize the simple truth of Tradition they supposedly defend: they understand identity as something that can be created and not something that must be accepted . Observing the plethora of various, rather eccentric individuals in it’s vanguard, from macho gay postmodern Spartans to adherents to all kinds of exotic – and to a large extent made up – pagan religions one is at the lack to find a common denominator, save maybe for quite unchallenged neo-darwinist stance, especially to be found among “game” bloggers as Chateau Heartiste . If someone thinks that he can reattach himself to pre-modern spiritual history of humankind – actually the only one there is – while at the same time musing about “alpha and beta males”, “sexual market”, “signaling and counter-signaling”, professing therefore his proud monkey ancestry and reducing human relations to mental GMO of memes, genes and biological analogies, he is doing nothing else than unconsciously subverting the very thing he seemingly defends. 
The allure of alt right lies in it’s dialectical opposition to political correctness and rampart destruction of moral substance of the West, induced by process of globalization. Yet this is an eristic or, to use an excellent neologism invented by one correspondent of mine: discordian dialectic; the process of infinite division into ever multiplying opposites founded on the principle of Chaos. It is all done with the crooked half grin, a pinch of salt to every smug remark – with irony of the man who knows he’s a liar and a cheat. But smug humor goes just a short way. In the end it morphs into sarcasm and irreverence of what should in fact be revered and subverts the very principles it professes to defend, far more effectively than dead serious PC brigade or techno loonies of posthumanist movement could ever hope for. 
We’ll end with the word of warning to Christian adherents of alt right. The words have a definite meanings and power. There’s only one Chaos and there’s only one bringer of light from Chaos – as some Kek worshipers already defined the poor Frog’s main job . And it’s not the One to be defined as “God from God, Light from Light”, but “God from Gutter, Light from Darkness”. A real Darkness shining in virtual brightness. Hope you guess His name. 
So, without a pinch of irony, I declare: be careful who your “hail”. 
*** 
Author Branko Malić is a Croatian author and owner of Kali Tribune , with the background in classical philosophy. He’s focused on philosophy, media, culture and deep politics analysis. ",0
5420,Quiz: Just A Few Minor Formalities Before We Can Show You The Big Pumpkin,"Referral from a friend, relative, or certified U.S. Gourd Steward. I hope seeing the big pumpkin helps me find the answer to that question. 3. We’re going to show you the small pumpkin to see how you feel before we set you up with the big pumpkin. Please choose the answer that best describes your reaction to the small pumpkin. I feel comfortable. I feel overwhelmed. I have a feeling that if I see a pumpkin any bigger than that, something truly wonderful will happen. This is not at all what I thought a pumpkin was. 
Sorry again for the red tape. If we had it our way, we would just show you the picture right now. 4. We’ll need a little medical information as well. Has anyone in your family died after seeing the big pumpkin? Yes, I’ve lost one or more relatives because they saw the big pumpkin. No, no one in my family has died because they saw the big pumpkin. My cousin died, but that was years after he saw the big pumpkin. I have one or more family members who became paralyzed in some part or all of their body after seeing the big pumpkin, but they’re alive and I obtained their blessing before coming here. 5. Does this pumpkin look orange on your computer screen? If not, please re-calibrate your display settings for optimal viewing of the Big Pumpkin. My display settings have been optimized for viewing the big pumpkin. What I am looking at is definitely orange but in no way a pumpkin. 6. Please choose one of these dogs with a pumpkin. This is simply for our own record-keeping, your choice will in no way affect our decision to show you the big pumpkin. 
Ah, excellent choice. 7. Alright, almost done! Here’s a quick liability waiver. Don’t worry, we make everyone do this. It’s to cover both your ass and our ass, but you’re going to be completely fine. I accept full responsibility for any harm done to my physical person and/or computer as a result of viewing the big pumpkin. 8. Lastly, please select an emergency contact before viewing the big pumpkin. Reverend John Gerrity Badboy former reverend Dag Havermeier who got ex-communicated for giving confession while sitting on his motorcycle Let's See The Big Pumpkin Results for Just A Few Minor Formalities Before We Can Show You The Big Pumpkin Okay, we’re all finished! Everything looks to be in order here. Thank you for your patience, now please enjoy the big pumpkin. Share Your Results",0
5421,Top 10 Pet Care Tips,"Keywords: pet care , pet care tips 
Having a pet or a companion animal is an amazing thing as the little bundle of joy loves you immensely without asking for much in return. But they do want your little time and attention. Pets are just like kids who need care and support from you, and if they don’t get these things, then they can become victims of infection, malnutrition, and diseases. Therefore, here we have listed some important pet care tips so that you can easily keep your pet happy and healthy. Train your pet 
Behavioral training is very important for dogs and cats especially when you have children at the house. Proper training can reduce their aggression and help them to accommodate easily in your home environment. If you are not well experienced with pet training, then you can take help of a professional trainer to train them like sitting on command or walking on a leash. Spaying and neutering 
If you have many pets and you don’t want an increase in their numbers, then you can get them spayed or neutered by a vet. It also benefits your pet as it reduces the chances of your pet getting lost because the tendency to roam around will decrease after spaying and neutering. It also lowers the risk of certain cancers, hernias in male pets and uterine infection in females. Induce natural healing 
Increasing immunity of your pet is very important, and you can do with a much safer approach. Animal oral nosodes provide a wide range of protection to your pet from various diseases like Corona virus, Lyme disease, West Nile virus. Tick fever etc. and they are very easy to administer as it can be given either by mouth. This natural alternative is safe and has many advantages over the conventional vaccines, many of which are found to be carcinogenic or having side effects. Body cleaning 
It is important to get your pet habitual to bathing and other cleaning activities like clipping nails, flea or tick examination, etc. from an early age so it doesn’t get surprised when you give it a bath or try to cut its nails. They can even attack you in defense if they are not used to these activities. Keep them active 
Walking your dog early in the morning is good for him and you as well. It gives you time to bond and keeps both of you fit. Besides that, you must play with your pets regularly to keep them active. You can use a Frisbee or ball to play with your pets or tell them to chase you while you run. These activities benefit both of you mutually. Skincare 
This is very important especially in the case of pets with a white coat or less pigmentation as they are prone to skin inflammation and skin cancers. Also, check your pet regularly for any external parasite like fleas as it can cause irritated skin, hair loss, hot spots, infection and introduction of other parasites like a tapeworm in your pet. After cleaning and check up, groom your pet by brushing their coat as it helps in reducing hair shedding by them. Watch their diet 
Children tend to feed their pet anything even their favorite food without knowing that it can be harmful to them, therefore, inform your young ones about the right food for your pet. Food items containing alcohol, coffee, chocolate, poultry bones, salt or unripe fruit can be bad for your pets. You can also ask your vet about other food items which must not be given to your pet. Moreover, you also need to check the weight of your pet regularly as less physical activity and regular feeding can make them obese or overweight. Pet bedding 
Proper rest is equally necessary for the overall well-being of your pet, and they need a corner for their own for that. You should pick a spot in your house which is warm, clean and quiet to make their bed. Their bedding should be cleaned on a regular basis to prevent any parasites like ticks and fleas. Provide a healthy environment 
Your pet can understand your mood as it is a living being like you, therefore, try to act happily around them. You must have seen that your cat is scratching the post or toys or your dog becomes restless when you come home. They do these things because they need mental stimulation. Give them toys to play, take them on a walk and play with them to reduce their restlessness and keep their boredom away. Pet identification 
This prevents your pet from getting lost or taken away by the municipal persons by considering them as stray ones. Make them wear a collar with the address of your house so that it can be returned to you if it gets lost. These days, microchips are used to identify the pet. These microchips are of the size of a rice grain and placed under the skin of the pet within a second. It doesn’t require any battery and sensitive enough to be scanned and tracked easily by a vet or animal control officer. You might also like…",0
5422,"Leon Russell, Hit Maker and Musicians’ Musician, Dies at 74 - The New York Times","Leon Russell, the longhaired,   pianist, guitarist, songwriter and bandleader who moved from playing countless recording sessions to making hits on his own, died on Sunday in Nashville. He was 74. His website said he had died in his sleep but gave no specific cause. Mr. Russell’s health had incurred significant setbacks in recent years. In 2010, he underwent surgery for a brain fluid leak and was treated for heart failure. In July he had a heart attack and was scheduled for further surgery, according to a news release from the historical society of Oklahoma, his home state. With his trademark top hat, hair well past his shoulders, a long, lush beard, an Oklahoma drawl and his fingers splashing   barrelhouse piano chords, Mr. Russell cut a flamboyant figure in the early 1970s. He led Joe Cocker’s band Mad Dogs  Englishmen, appeared at George Harrison’s 1971 Concert for Bangladesh in New York City and had numerous hits of his own, including “Tight Rope. ” Many of his songs became hits for others, among them “Superstar” (written with Bonnie Bramlett) for the Carpenters, “Delta Lady” for Mr. Cocker and “This Masquerade” for George Benson. More than 100 acts have recorded “A Song for You,” which Mr. Russell said he wrote in 10 minutes. By the time he released his first solo album, in 1970, he had already played on hundreds of songs as one of the top studio musicians in Los Angeles. He was in Phil Spector’s Wall of Sound Orchestra, and he played sessions for Frank Sinatra, Sam Cooke, Aretha Franklin, the Ventures and the Monkees, among many others. His piano playing is heard on “Mr. Tambourine Man” by the Byrds, “A Taste of Honey” by Herb Alpert, “Live With Me” by the Rolling Stones and all of the Beach Boys’ early albums, including “Pet Sounds. ” The music Mr. Russell made on his own put a scruffy, casual surface on rich musical hybrids, interweaving soul, country, blues, jazz, gospel, pop and classical music. Like Willie Nelson, who collaborated with him, and Ray Charles, whose 1993 recording of “A Song for You” won a Grammy Award, Mr. Russell made a broad, sophisticated palette of American music sound   and natural. After his popularity had peaked in the 1970s, he shied away from   and largely set aside rock, though he kept performing. But he was prized as a musicians’ musician, collaborating with Elvis Costello and Elton John, among others. In 2011, after making a duet album with Mr. John, “The Union,” he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. At the ceremony, Mr. John called him “the master of space and time” and added, “He sang, he wrote and he played just how I wanted to do it. ” Leon Russell was born Claude Russell Bridges in Lawton, Okla. on April 2, 1942. An injury to his upper vertebrae at birth caused a slight paralysis on his right side that would shape his music: A resulting delayed reaction time in his right hand forced him to think ahead about what it would play. “It gave me a very strong sense of duality,” he said last year in a Public Radio International interview. He started classical piano lessons when he was 4, played baritone horn in his high school marching band and also learned trumpet. At 14 he started gigging in Oklahoma since it was a dry state at the time, he could play clubs without being old enough to drink. Soon after he graduated from high school, Jerry Lee Lewis hired him and his band to back him on tour for two months. He moved to Los Angeles in the late 1950s and found club work and then studio work he learned to play guitar, and he began calling himself Leon Russell, taking the name Leon from a friend who had lent him an ID so he could play California club dates while underage. His   drew on both his classical training and his Southern roots, and he played everything from standards to   from   to pop throwaways. He was glimpsed on television as a member of the Shindogs, the house band for the   rock show “Shindig!” in the   and was in the house band for the 1964 concert film, “The T. A. M. I. Show. ” In 1967, he built a home studio and began working with the guitarist Marc Benno as the Asylum Choir, which released its debut album in 1968. He also started a record label, Shelter, in 1969 with the producer Denny Cordell. Mr. Russell drew more recognition as a   arranger and musician on Mr. Cocker’s second album, “Joe Cocker! ,” which included Mr. Russell’s song “Delta Lady. ” When Mr. Cocker’s Grease Band fell apart days before an American tour, Mr. Russell assembled Mad Dogs  Englishmen, a big, boisterous band that included three drummers and a   choir. Its 1970 double live album and a tour film became a showcase for Mr. Russell as well as for Mr. Cocker the album reached No. 2 on the Billboard album chart. Mr. Russell also released his first solo album in 1970 it included “A Song for You” and had studio appearances from Mr. Cocker, Eric Clapton, two members of the Beatles and three from the Rolling Stones. But Mr. Russell’s second album, “Leon Russell and the Shelter People,” fared better commercially: It reached No. 17 on the Billboard chart. Mr. Russell had his widest visibility as the 1970s began. He played the Concert for Bangladesh at Madison Square Garden with Mr. Harrison, Bob Dylan and Mr. Clapton he produced and played on Mr. Dylan’s songs “When I Paint My Masterpiece” and “Watching the River Flow. ” He toured with the Rolling Stones and with his own band. His third album, “Carney,” went to No. 2 with the hit “Tight Rope” it also featured his own version of “This Masquerade. ” In 1973, his “Leon Live” album reached the Top 10, and he recorded his first album of country songs under the pseudonym Hank Wilson. The fledgling Gap Band, also from Oklahoma, backed Mr. Russell in 1974 on his album “Stop All That Jazz. ” His 1975 album “Will o’ the Wisp” included what would be his last Top 20 pop hit, “Lady Blue. ” But he continued to work. He made duet albums with his wife at the time, Mary Russell (formerly Mary McCreary). And he collaborated with Mr. Nelson in 1979 on “One for the Road,” a double LP of pop and country standards. It sold half a million copies. That same year he married Janet Lee Constantine, who survives him, as do six children: Blue, Teddy Jack, Tina Rose, Sugaree, Honey and Coco. Mr. Russell delved into various idioms over the next decades, mostly recording for independent labels. He toured and recorded with the New Grass Revival, adding his piano and voice to their   lineup. He made more country albums as Hank Wilson. He recorded blues, Christmas songs, gospel songs and instrumentals. In 1992, the songwriter and pianist Bruce Hornsby, who had long cited Mr. Russell’s influence, sought to rejuvenate Mr. Russell’s rock career by producing the album “Anything Can Happen,” but it drew little notice. Mr. Russell continued to tour for   fans, who called themselves Leon Lifers. A call in 2009 from Mr. John, whom Mr. Russell had supported in the early 1970s, led to the making of “The Union”  —   which also had guest appearances by Neil Young and Brian Wilson  —   and a   tour together in 2010. Mr. Russell also sat in on Mr. Costello’s 2010 album, “National Ransom. ” Then he bought a new bus and returned to the road, on his own.",0
5423,Как долго Запад будет раскачивать лодку сирийского конфликта? | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Сирия Свою статью ветеран вооруженных сил США Джим Дин начинает с цитаты Отто фон Бисмарка, который описывал западных политических лидеров как людей, «курящих в пороховом погребе», и «нисколько не заботившихся о последствиях». Западные СМИ продолжают фабриковать всевозможные выдумки по поводу российских и сирийских «преступлений» в Сирии, нисколько не заботясь ни об их достоверности, ни о публикации опровержений. В то время, как российский МИД развенчивает очередное бредовое обвинение, совершаемые прозападными боевиками массовые казни, грабеж и насилие в Ираке, остаются без какого-либо внимания со стороны международных СМИ. Автор отмечает, что нынешний курс Вашингтона на Ближнем Востоке уже доказал свою полную несостоятельность, поскольку ни на чем не основанные обвинения все дальше подрывают «авторитет» западных СМИ, который и без того уже достаточно подмочен, в то время как поддержка террористов лишь ухудшает обстановку в регионе. Так не пора ли остановится? С полным содержанием статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
5424,Read Jilly Cooper’s ‘elasticated waist sex scene’,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Read Jilly Cooper’s ‘elasticated waist sex scene’ 
@Kateofhysteria over on Twitter notes, “Now, I love Jilly Cooper. But elasticated waists have no place in a sex scene.” 
We were amused enough by this to track down the extract – it’s from Mount and the whole passage is mind-bending. “Oh buttercunt, oh buttercunt” can you imagine anyone saying that? 
Maybe we should start running The Poke Bad Sex Writing awards?",0
5425,UC Berkeley Chancellor: Riots Caused by Armed Individuals in ‘Ninja-like’ Uniforms Using ‘Paramilitary Tactics’ - Breitbart,"Following the riots that cancelled the final event of MILO’s “Dangerous Faggot Tour,” The Chancellor of UC Berkeley has released a statement claiming that rather than being caused by students, they were started by “armed individuals in ‘ ’ uniforms using “paramilitary tactics. ”[The event was cancelled after   rioters, who the university claim were not students, smashed ATMs and bank windows, looted a Starbucks, beat Trump supporters, pepper sprayed innocent individuals, set fires in the street, and sprayed the words “Kill Trump” on storefronts.  Coverage of the riots spread across the world, as people watched on in horror at a university known for its heritage of free speech being taken over by political thugs. In an email to students, UC Berkeley chancellor Nicholas Dirks said that the university “condemns in the strongest possible terms the actions of individuals who invaded the campus, infiltrated a crowd of peaceful students, and used violent tactics to close down the event. We deeply regret that the violence unleashed by this group undermined the First Amendment rights of the speaker as well as those who came to lawfully assemble and protest his presence. ” However Dirks adds that despite going to “extraordinary lengths to facilitate planning and preparation for this event,” the efforts were undone by “100 armed individuals clad in   uniforms who utilized paramilitary tactics to engage in violent destructive behavior designed to shut the event down. ”    anti fascists group have been known to infiltrate MILO events throughout the tour, with a marxist group as the “Freedom Road Socialist Organisation,”  infiltrating protesters at the cancelled event at UC Davis and causing violence. President Donald Trump condemned the riots, threatening to take away the university’s federal funding if the university “does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view. ” If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  —   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017,  We reported yesterday that the university receives over $370 million in federal funding, over half its budget. Since news of the riots broke out,   sales of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s upcoming book Dangerous increased by a staggering 12, 740% propelling it to the top of the Amazon best seller list. DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5426,"All Governments Lie, The Movie","(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
Picture, if you will, video footage of vintage (early 2016) Donald Trump buffoonery with the CEO of CBS Leslie Moonves commenting on major media's choice to give Trump vastly more air time than other candidates: ""It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS."" 
That's the introduction to a powerful critique of the U.S. media. A new film screens in New York and Los Angeles this week called All Governments Lie: Truth, Deception, and the Spirit of I.F. Stone . 
The website AllGovernmentsLie.com has screening dates , a list of lies , and a list of good journalists who expose lies . The lists on the website are not identical to the content of the film, but there's a good deal of overlap -- enough to give you a sense of what this project is about. 
I'd have made various changes and additions to the film. In particular, I'm tired of all the focus on Iraq 2003. This film touches on war lies since then, but still gives that one particular set of war lies prominence. 
Still, this is a film that should be shown in cities, homes, and classrooms across the United States. It includes and is driven by Noam Chomsky's analysis of how the media system is ""rigged"" without those doing the rigging believing they've done anything at all. It's a survey of skullduggery by corporate media. It's an introduction to numerous journalists far superior to the norm. And it's an introduction to I.F. Stone. It includes footage of a presentation of the annual Izzy Award which goes to journalists acting in Stone's tradition. 
One of the lies listed in the film and on the website is that of the Gulf of Tonkin (non-)Incident. Anyone paying attention knows of it now as a war lie. And it was a transparent war lie at the time in a particular sense. That is: had the North Vietnamese really shot back at a U.S. ship off their coast, that would not have been any sort of legal, much less moral, justification for escalating a war. I'd love it if people could grasp that logic and apply it to the Black Sea, the Red Sea, and every other part of the earth today. 
But the Gulf of Tonkin lies about Vietnamese aggression against the U.S. ships innocently patrolling and firing off the coast of Vietnam were not transparent to people with faith in the U.S. role of Global Policeman. Someone had to make the lies transparent. Someone had to document that in fact the Secretary of So-Called Defense and the President were lying. Sadly, nobody did that in the first 24 hours after the Congressional committee hearings, and that was all it took for Congress to hand the president a war. 
And it was decades before White House transcripts came out and before the National Security Agency confessed, and additional years before former Secretary Robert McNamara did. Yet, those revelations simply confirmed what people paying attention knew. And they knew it because of I.F. Stone who just weeks after the (non-)incident published a four-page edition of his weekly newsletter exclusively about Tonkin. - Advertisement - 
Stone's analysis is useful in looking at the incident or lack thereof this past month in the Red Sea off Yemen. And in fact it is to Yemen that Stone immediately turned on page 1 in 1964. The United Nations, including its U.S. ambassador, had recently condemned British attacks on Yemen that Britain defended as retaliatory. President Dwight Eisenhower had also warned the French against retaliatory attacks on Tunisia. And President Lyndon Johnson, even at the time of Tonkin, Stone notes, was warning Greece and Turkey not to engage in retaliatory attacks on each other. 
Stone, who tended to look even at written laws that nobody else paid any heed to, pointed out that three of them banned these sorts of attacks: the League of Nations Covenant, the Kellogg-Briand Pact, and the U.N. Charter. The latter two are still theoretically in place for the U.S. government. 
The United States in Vietnam, Stone goes on to show, could not have been innocently attacked but itself admitted to having already sunk a number of Vietnamese boats. And indeed the U.S. ships, Stone reports, were in North Vietnamese waters and were there to assist South Vietnamese ships that were shelling two North Vietnamese islands. And in fact those ships had been supplied to South Vietnam by the U.S. military and the good old American tax payers. 
Stone did not have access to closed committee hearings, but he hardly needed it. He considered the assertions made in speeches by the only two senators who voted against the war. And then he looked for any rejoinders by the chairmen of the committees. He found their denials to be non-denials and nonsensical. It made no sense that the U.S. ships simply happened to be randomly hanging around in the vicinity of the South Vietnamese ships. Stone didn't believe it. 
Stone also filled in the background information. The United States had been supporting guerrilla attacks on North Vietnam for years prior to the non-incident. And Stone raised numerous suspicions, including the question of why the U.S. ships had supposedly made sure they were out in international waters for the (non-)incident to (not) occur, and the question of why in the world Vietnam would take on the United States military (something nobody could explain, though Eugene McCarthy proposed that perhaps they had been bored). - Advertisement - 
Missing from the film and website of All Governments Lie is I.F. Stone's work on lies about the outbreak of the Korean War. We've learned more since he wrote it, but seen little more insightful, relevant, or timely for our understanding of Korea and the world today. View Ratings | Rate It http://davidswanson.org David Swanson is the author of ""When the World Outlawed War,"" ""War Is A Lie"" and ""Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union."" He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more... )",0
5427,"Minnesota Officer Was ‘Reacting to the Presence of a Gun,’ Lawyer Says - The New York Times","ST. ANTHONY, Minn.  —   A lawyer for the suburban police officer who fatally shot a black man during a traffic stop said on Saturday that the race of the driver, Philando Castile, played no role in how his client responded, and that the officer “was reacting to the presence of a gun” when he opened fire. The comments from the lawyer, Thomas Kelly, provided the fullest accounting yet of Officer Jeronimo Yanez’s version of the shooting Wednesday night, even as many details remain unclear. Officer Yanez, of the St. Anthony police, is on leave while state authorities investigate the shooting, which has prompted protests and raised questions about what role race might have played in the stop. “The shooting had nothing to do with race and everything to do with the presence of that gun,” Mr. Kelly said in an interview, noting that Officer Yanez is Latino. Mr. Castile “was not following the directions of the police officer,” Mr. Kelly said, but he declined to provide further detail. Much of what is known about the shooting comes from a Facebook Live video of the aftermath streamed by Mr. Castile’s girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds. In that video, in which Mr. Castile is seen bleeding profusely in the driver’s seat, Ms. Reynolds tells the officer that her boyfriend had been reaching for his identification when he was shot. She also suggested that he had a permit to legally carry a gun. “Please, officer, don’t tell me that you just did this to him,” Ms. Reynolds said in the video, which quickly gained international attention. “You shot four bullets into him, sir. He was just getting his license and registration, sir. ” In the video, Ms. Reynolds said her boyfriend was stopped for a broken taillight. Mr. Kelly said there was “more than the reason for the equipment violation” to pull Mr. Castile over, but would not specify what those other reasons might have been. The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, which is investigating the case, has released few details. The bureau has confirmed that the episode started as a traffic stop by Officer Yanez and a colleague near the state fairgrounds in Falcon Heights, a suburb patrolled by the St. Anthony Police Department. Mr. Castile died at a hospital shortly after the shooting. The bureau said a weapon was recovered at the scene. Gov. Mark Dayton, who has met with protesters and black leaders, has expressed sympathy for the Castile family and concerns about the role of race in the shooting, infuriating some in law enforcement. “Would this have happened if those passengers  —   the driver and the passengers  —   were white?” Mr. Dayton asked on Thursday. “I don’t think it would’ve. ” Protesters have gathered outside the governor’s residence in St. Paul since shortly after the shooting, and many have framed it as yet another episode of a black man being unjustly gunned down by a police officer. On Friday night, a sizable, racially diverse crowd gathered outside the governor’s mansion, where they had decorated the street with chalk messages like “This needs to end!” and “Justice 4 MN. ” The Bureau of Criminal Apprehension has provided no timeline for when its investigation would be finished, though many expect it to take weeks or months. At that point, the case will go to the Ramsey County prosecutor, who can either decide on charges himself or present the evidence to a grand jury. Mr. Kelly said Officer Yanez had cooperated with investigators, providing informal information immediately after the shooting and giving a full statement within about 15 hours. “He’s very distressed about this incident, and he feels badly for the family of Philando Castile,” Mr. Kelly said. “It’s a tragic incident. ”",0
5428,Former Iranian President Rafsanjani Dies,"(AP) Former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a wily political survivor and multimillionaire mogul who remained among the ruling elite despite moderate views, died Sunday, state TV reported. He was 82. [Iranian media reported earlier Sunday that he was taken to a hospital north of Tehran because of a heart condition. State television broke into programming to announce his death.  Rafsanjani’s mix of sly wit and reputation for cunning moves  —   both in politics and business  —   earned him a host of nicknames such as Akbar Shah, or Great King, during a life that touched every major event in Iranian affairs since before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. His presence  —   whether directly or through back channels  —   was felt in many forms. He was a steady leader in Iran’s turbulent years after overthrowing the U. S.  shah, a veteran warrior in the country’s internal political battles and a covert   in intrigue such as the   arms deals in the 1980s. He also was handed an unexpected political resurgence in his later years. The surprise presidential election in 2013 of Rafsanjani’s political soul mate, Hassan Rouhani, gave the former president an insider role in   efforts that included Rouhani’s push for direct nuclear talks with Washington. Rouhani’s victory was also another example of Rafsanjani’s remarkable political luck. Rafsanjani was blocked from the ballot by Iran’s election overseers  —   presumably worried about boosting his already   influence. But, in the end, many liberals turned to Rouhani as an indirect vote for Rafsanjani. It came after years of dwindling influence. Another presidential comeback bid was snuffed out by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s surprise victory in 2005 elections, which left Rafsanjani and his powerful clan as fierce critics of Ahmadinejad.",0
5429,Muhammad Ali: The Champion Who Never Sold Out - The New York Times,"Muhammad Ali was an ungentrified black man. That simple truth has resonated in my heart the past few days as volumes of praise and tributes have been lavished on Ali and his legacy. I had not expected to be this sad. We all knew this day was coming, that he would die, but the finality of it has been a bit difficult to accept. Now I understand what my father meant many years ago. He said that when Joe Louis died, he felt that he lost a little bit of himself. Louis had helped frame the ethos of my father’s generation of black men and women as Ali helped frame mine. Louis’s warning to his opponents summed up the determination of my father’s generation: You can run, but you can’t hide. Ali told us to float like butterflies and sting like bees. We all have the heroes and legends of our youth. I am forever grateful that the athlete I most respected and admired taught me the realities of life in the United States  —   that being an active, conscious black person in America meant traveling a road on which wealth and trinkets would test the will of men and women of principle. Gentrification is on my mind because I live in Harlem and have watched as this and other previously black neighborhoods around the country have been gobbled up and transformed from black to nonblack. Black homeowners, eschewing neighborhood and community, sell for   trinkets. Ali never sold. I was a high school junior when he was stripped of his heavyweight title. When his championship belt was taken, Ali effectively said that it was a mere trinket, nothing compared with the principle he was being asked to give up. I loved that, and I would try  —   sometimes succeeding, sometimes not  —   to live by that ideal. I met Ali for the first time in the 1970s while working at Ebony magazine. The year I arrived at Ebony, Ali pulled off the greatest boxing upset I have ever seen, knocking out the seemingly invincible, previously undefeated George Foreman in Zaire. Two of Ali’s three fights against Joe Frazier were classics, but the victory over Foreman was transformative. For Foreman, it was  . I never spoke to Ali about the Foreman fight, but I spoke plenty about it with Foreman. He was devastated and eventually took a   hiatus from boxing. Foreman said he had a religious revelation. I think the revelation was Ali, and everything he stood for. It was during that period that my friend Greg Simms, then the sports editor at Jet magazine, called me one afternoon and asked if I wanted to go to Ali’s house. Of course I did. But once inside, in the presence of an athlete I held in such high regard, I wasn’t sure what to say, and said nothing. I just stood there. Life went on. In September 1976, I covered Ali’s third bout against Ken Norton, at Yankee Stadium. Two years later, I left Ebony to become a feature writer and jazz critic for The Baltimore Sun, and from there, I joined The New York Times in 1982. By that point, the impact Ali had made on my life  —   the strong belief I now had that black athletes needed to express themselves politically  —   was set. I was in Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Games when Ali lit the Olympic torch and seemed to set the world on fire. Two years later, I was at the United Nations when Kofi Annan, then the secretary general, presented Ali with the Messenger of Peace Award. In 2005, I was in Louisville, Ky. for the dedication of the Muhammad Ali Center. In each of these instances, the toll that Parkinson’s disease was taking on Ali was increasingly evident. Still, Ali kept up a grueling schedule. After the Louisville event, for example, he was scheduled to fly to Germany to receive an award. I asked his wife, Lonnie, why Ali kept traveling, why he subjected himself to the grind. She said: “People always ask: ‘Isn’t he tired? Shouldn’t he rest?’ Muhammad says, ‘I got plenty of time to rest. ’” My last real exchange with Ali came at the Sydney Olympics, in 2000, during a reception. By now, his Parkinson’s had progressed to the point that you really had to strain to make out his words. Yet Ali was in great form. Asked how it had felt to light the Olympic torch four years earlier, Ali said: “Scary as hell. My left hand was shaking because of Parkinson’s my right hand was shaking from fear. Somehow, between the two of them, I got the thing lit. ” When someone asked him to name his toughest foe, Ali said: “U. S. military. Next toughest fight was my first wife. ” Later, in his hotel room, I was speaking with Ali when he looked at me and asked, “What’s your name?” Of course he knew my name, but he wanted to make a larger point. “Bill Rhoden,” I said, knowing what was coming. “That’s not your name. That’s your slave name. ” He talked for another 15 minutes about racism and oppression and history. What I gleaned from Ali’s life, as I’ve lived mine, is that the goal is not to go through life undefeated. The quest is to exercise resilience and come back stronger. Beloved by much of the world, Ali was nonetheless consistently, unapologetically black. I loved that about him. Muhammad Ali was an ungentrified black man.",0
5430,"After Kansas Shootings, Indians Are Wary of Coming to U.S. - The New York Times","NEW DELHI  —   Jeena Sharma, 25, was applying for a work visa to the United States when news came that two Indian engineers had been shot in a Kansas bar by a man who drunkenly questioned their immigration status. News of the shootings, which took place last Wednesday, was quickly eclipsed by other developments in Washington, and even in Kansas, but the same cannot be said of the Sharma household of Mumbai, where Ms. Sharma has received emphatic maternal lectures about her plans to move, starting first thing in the morning. “She asked me: ‘Why do you even need to go to the States? Why do you need to go to a country that doesn’t want you? I’m going to be scared for your life every day,’” Ms. Sharma said. Even as she endeavored, patiently, to convey to her mother the difference between Kansas and New York City, where she hopes to move, Ms. Sharma felt her own apprehensions growing, as the days passed and President Trump made no statement on the crime. “It’s definitely very scary for me at the moment,” she said. “It’s almost as if a brown person is dead, like it doesn’t matter. ” The body of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, the    software engineer fatally shot in the Olathe, Kan. bar, was expected to arrive by Monday in Hyderabad, a technology hub where immigration to the United States has long been viewed as the surest path to success. Indians were relatively welcoming of Mr. Trump’s victory, and many here express admiration for his business empire and promised crackdown on terrorism. But even before Wednesday’s shootings, that optimism had been diluted by fears that America might no longer welcome immigrants. India is second only to China as a feeder to American colleges, with around 165, 000 students enrolled in the   school year, according to the Institute of International Education. Indians are the largest recipients of temporary skilled worker visas, known as   visas, which the Trump administration intends to cut back. And close to half a million Indians, who mostly went to the United States legally as students or tourists or on work visas, have stayed on after their visas expired, the Pew Research Center estimates. Reports of rising American hostility toward immigrants have stunned many Indians, said Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, who visited Hyderabad recently. “I had a guy on a plane sitting next to me, who turned to me and said, ‘Is it true, what they say about America under Trump? ’” she said. “There is a kind of confusion: What is happening to the United States? People can’t believe what they’re reading. ” Ill treatment of Indian immigrants has, in the past, caused serious damage to bilateral relationships. In 2009 and 2010, reports of racially motivated crimes against Indian students in Australia set off demonstrations outside the Australian Embassy in New Delhi, where Australia’s prime minister was burned in effigy. After that, the number of Indians applying for student visas plunged by nearly half, with severe costs to Australian educational institutions. The diplomatic effect of the shootings in Kansas has been muted so far. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not commented on them, though the subject will certainly be raised this week, along with the thorny issue of curtailing   visas, when Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar visits Washington. Some Indians who had planned to go to the United States said they were hesitating. Manavi Das, who is considering several universities, said she was “constantly looking to see if the school is in a red state, or has witnessed a shooting in recent times. “After a certain event in November,” she said, “I have found my apprehensions turned up a notch. ” Sunny Choudhary, 23, said he had decided not to apply to graduate engineering programs in the United States, because “recent conditions, they are turning into, I think, hostile conditions. ” After Mr. Trump was elected, he added, “my parents said: ‘No, you should not go there. Now we won’t let you go there.’ ” He said that, like many of his friends, he had narrowed his search to Europe. And some Indian parents could use their persuasive talents to encourage their children to return home. “For this   period, after the transfer of regimes, I think Indians can come back and serve their country,” said Suguna Kadiyala, 73, whose daughter has been in the United States for 20 years. Nageswara Rao, 71, whose son and daughter work in the software sector in the United States, said he was “not much worried,” though he does dispense regular advice on safety measures. “It is always better to keep away from bars,” he said. His children are safe, he added, “because they don’t go to these bars where white people are more. ” He continued, “I give them advice to be a little bit careful and don’t get into a wrangle with anybody. Just have your own peaceful life. ”",0
5431,The Ease of Doing Halloween à la Russe - Paul Goncharoff,"People over profits The Ease of Doing Halloween à la Russe 
The West's biggest monster this Halloween is Russia, but behind the mask the country is doing absolutely fine Print The author is Chairman, Disciplinary Committee, National Association of Corporate Directors, Russia 
Over the past few years I have had various views levelled at me by my fellow citizens such as “You are an apologist for Russia!”, “Putin and his circle are mass murderers”, “you are now blind to the truth!” and so on. I get such statements mostly long distance through the internet from the States and some cases the EU. It is understandable given that bad news sells news, and objective deep investigative reporting by professionals appears relegated to selective interests mostly in the blogosphere. As I live and work in this “nasty, criminal Russia” and am concerned for my family’s welfare, I am more than interested to get the facts on what is happening around us and where we are heading. My sources of information like most people comes from friends, neighbors, work acquaintances, colleagues and of course the global media. A potpourri of opinions, much accusatory noise, so where in this hubbub lurk simple evidential truths? As it is now Halloween, I thought it only appropriate to wheel out the ever-popular ghoulish Russian monster and the attendant gaggle of batty tricky gremlin familiars from Siberian wastes. I do this to pay homage to one of my favorite holidays with the help of such “evildoers” as a backdrop. I invite you to have a look into this fiery pit of horrors, it may entice you re-examine your views, question, and set you on the course to establish your business in Russia! Hhmmmm… trick or treat? Although statistics and rankings tend to overlook fundamental differences in what drives economic progress, or from what starting point one or another nation had to contend with, nonetheless the wicked witch of the west and her legions of LaGardettes have researched some interesting views, namely: The World Bank, Ease of Doing Business Rankings ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/data ). To be fair, I thought a ten-year slice would be sufficient to compare and contrast Russia against the rest of BRICS and the USA, so 2006 through 2016 it is, otherwise Russia’s Government guided by “Count Vlad the Bad” would look even more horrifying. Ease of Doing Business Rankings (World Bank) Countries Rank 2006 Rank 2016 Brazil 119 123 United States 3 8 (Note: The higher the number, the more difficult to do business). What the above indicates to me is that there are general trends becoming apparent, in all cases except Russia and China the ease of conducting business is becoming comparatively harder. Each of the six countries listed above have an individually complex bouquet of internal and external specifics that make direct comparisons almost meaningless, however what is common are overall directions based on common metrics. I would recommend going to the world bank website mentioned earlier as it breaks down the components leading to these overall rankings, which if you are an aficionado of economics and history is an invaluable additional overlay to any reasoned geopolitical assessments of our world. Russia is paternalistic, steeped in a black miasmic lagoon of traditions long since abandoned by our innovative world, stifling development, basic freedoms, and even repressing women! Back home, the issue of women’s rights is vital, newsworthy, of vast political import – it can and does titillate the electorate in many ways both subjective and objective as witnessed in these 2016 elections. Russia on the other hand, popularly prejudged an outcast country, feels it has little to shout about or act on concerning women. This aside from the fact that they are in the main warm, intelligent, competent and stunningly beautiful – fodder for male sexist fantasies. I was horrified to learn that Russia (almost like Don Trump) perniciously tops the list of countries with the highest number of female board members, and that at least 45 percent of senior management positions across its nine time zones are held by women. This evolved without quotas, Hillary Clinton, or any extraordinary outside pressures, which really disappoints me. The pragmatic characteristics of Russians tend to value the actions a person chooses to make, rather than rhetoric and show. In this context, the traditionally developing values and roles between women and men seem naturally to be doing fine. Whistling in appreciation of a woman passing on the street is not insulting; it is what it is, a compliment, pleasure, a bravo between strangers, and a positive normal interaction. Cultural preferences can be hard mistresses to live and work with, no doubt. What Halloween would be complete without including the most odious, shuddersome monster of all? Who else but Vladimir Putin, or “Count Vlad the Bad” as Washington and Brussels like to paint him. His background is frighteningly direct given the infamy he gets. Serving as a KGB analyst for much of his career in East Germany when the wall came down. Moving back to St. Petersburg with his family he worked advising the then mayor on foreign affairs. He resigned from the KGB and progressed within the political administration of the mayor’s office coordinating relations with the military, police, district attorney, customs officials, and other city related diplomatic matters. Considered by those who knew him then as a progressive and talented manager who played a key role attracting a number of Western corporations to the city. He pushed for and directly assisted enabling a great many of joint ventures with foreign companies, establishing a large foreign banking presence, legalizing sale of land that allowed privatization of residential properties, opening the international trade center, strengthening municipal and regional banks. He earned a good reputation within the foreign business community of being an open, practical, ethical man who to the amazement of many, and contrary to the norms of those times did not ask for or accept bribes. Seen by colleagues in Moscow as objective, disciplined and capable was therefore invited into president Yeltsin’s administration where he advanced to the level of prime minister. On New Year’s Eve in 2000, he became acting president, a Yeltsin parting gift to Russia. Count Vlad it seems takes his task of representing Russia’s national interests seriously as evidenced everywhere one looks today inside this monstrous, politically incorrect federation. Russia to be seen as a successful country, particularly in spite of doing so in ways not answerable to the west, does not seem to play well with the leaders in the US and EU. The record of accomplishment of the Russian administration is chilling, the citizenry saw their incomes rise many fold, the poverty rate was halved, consistent economic growth, flat income tax, and a country safe to live in. Unlikely as it may sound coming from this authoritarian hellhole of a country, it has one of the highest rates of education in the world with 54% of Russians having college degrees. Legally mandated paid maternity leave for women, and a payment made directly to the mother on giving birth of a second child of 450,000 rubles (up from 250,000 due to effects of US/EU sanctions). Healthcare is improving steadily as is life expectancy, which has steadily risen to 71 (from a deep dark abyss) and is still rising. All this without Tories, Labor, GOP, Democratic Party, EU a la Brussels, or other “democratic brands” and popular models currently on sale – just the government of the Russian Federation. Frightening! Have a fun and reflectively chilling Halloween!",0
5432,"For Aaron Krickstein, and a Reporter, a Covered Open Brings Closure - The New York Times","Shut the roof, and closure will finally and deservedly come for Aaron Krickstein. When it next rains during the United States Open, there will be no lengthy delay or complete washout at Arthur Ashe Stadium  —   and no more reason for a television producer seeking to fill time to consider reminding Krickstein of his long, lugubrious Labor Day in 1991. “Part of me feels like it’s really a long time ago,” Krickstein said in a recent telephone interview. “And part of me feels like it was yesterday. ” He is not the only one. Krickstein’s   loss to Jimmy Connors  —   the ultimate   crasher in a   sport  —   was a seminal match in the tournament’s modern history and the first significant story to break on my live watch for The New York Times after I was hired in April 1991. This year’s event will be my last assignment as a staff reporter. Just in time, the tournament will unveil a $150 million retractable roof over the court named for Ashe, who died in 1993 and with whom I happened to watch the fifth set of the   classic in the press box high atop what used to be the main court, Louis Armstrong Stadium. “It’s all come full circle,” Krickstein said, unintentionally speaking for us both. I was not exactly a kid out of college, or a tennis newbie, when Connors whipped the Armstrong crowd into a panting frenzy in that   match on his 39th birthday. I had covered my first Open in 1978 for a newspaper that existed for a few weeks during a protracted strike by New York’s three dailies. Connors had destroyed Bjorn Borg in the final that year, as Ashe reminded me after seating himself close by while Connors chased Krickstein, 15 years his junior, across the evening shadows to emerge with a   tiebreaker victory. “He was unbelievable that day,” Ashe said of the Borg demolition, recounting the scores  —          —   as if they were flashing on the glass enclosure in front of us. “If you’re talking about Connors’s performances here, to me, that was first. This is second. ” In a paean to career resurrection, Connors later called his highly improbable run to a semifinal trouncing by Jim Courier in 1991 as “the best 11 days of my career. ” Like no other tournament, that Open fortified the working man’s ethos Connors proudly and sometimes obnoxiously embodied throughout his career. For years, Krickstein chafed at the thought of Connors’s birthday theatrics and body gyrations, and how behaviorally dismissive he had been of a friendship that began as a mentorship. Krickstein was so deflated after the match that he could barely lift his head when facing reporters. He and Connors would not speak more than a few words for almost 24 years. They did play once more on tour, months later in Memphis. “I was up a set and a break  —   lost that one, too,” Krickstein said. “Never did beat him. ” Connors being an   great, Krickstein could live with that, but what most annoyed him was the reputational residue of their Labor Day epic. Krickstein was cast in too many   reruns as a chronic loser, in perpetuity. Years later, when Krickstein was playing at a   senior event in Long Island, the woman on the public address kept introducing him as Connors’s hapless 1991 sparring partner. The typically reserved Krickstein took a moment to inform her that he had actually been a   player, the winner of nine ATP events and the   conqueror of Andre Agassi at that 1991 Open. Alas, even the Agassi triumph was obscured by Connors, who summoned his inner Houdini in a   night match against Patrick McEnroe, rallying from two sets down and     behind in the third. “Did you talk to Patrick?” Krickstein asked me. “He started the whole thing. ” To which McEnroe said, “Yep, still rubs me the wrong way. ” He, too, had a relationship with Connors, who would occasionally call him to practice, “probably to tick off” McEnroe’s older brother, John, a bitter Connors rival. But the worst part of Patrick’s coughing up a match he believed he had won  —   “the kiss of death against Jimmy,” he said  —   was that he was having his best year as a singles player, having survived his own   deficit against a Swede named Thomas Hogstedt on the way to the Australian Open semifinals. McEnroe went into a monthslong funk after his   nightmare, struggling to watch Connors and the tournament proceed. Except he remembered John, on a network broadcast, saying, “My brother unleashed a monster. ” Patrick McEnroe did get another shot at Connors the following spring in Florida, finally beating the     Jimbo in straight sets. Krickstein had to wait more than two decades to reconfigure an old conversation. As the tennis director of St. Andrews Country Club in Boca Raton, Fla. he had begun a custom of staging annual events for members, summoning old tour friends to come entertain them by hitting a few balls. He took a deep breath and called Connors near the end of 2014. “It was a little awkward, to say the least,” Krickstein said. “First we just talked about our families. I told him where I was working, what I liked to do for our members, how it would be a great honor to have him come down. ” Krickstein proposed that they play a set for old times’ sake, carefully describing it as “a reunion match,” not one for revenge. “Jimmy asked a few questions, little details, but he couldn’t have been nicer,” Krickstein said. At 62, with both hips replaced, a few reporters in attendance and the former American tour player Jimmy Arias poking fun in the chair, Connors dropped an   pro set to Krickstein in February 2015. He cast it as his last public match while Krickstein called it “a cool way to reconnect. ” Adulthood happens. Middle age sneaks up on you. Krickstein is 49, a father of two, more reflective on what he can now admit was “an iconic match. ” Yes, he hated when people told him they had seen it during United States Open rain delays, in one depressing stretch over four consecutive years. Over time, “it’s bothered me less and less,” Krickstein said, but he still found himself nodding in agreement when he read somewhere recently that “nobody will be happier about the U. S. Open roof than Aaron Krickstein. ” He has plans to visit the tournament during the first week, meet sponsor obligations, stroll the grounds in Flushing Meadows, maybe take in a match or two. If the clouds happen to burst and the two fabric panels roll across the    opening to meet above Ashe while he is there, Krickstein won’t complain. These days he has little to grouse about, he said. Life has been good, very good. But he’ll still happily accept full closure on Connors, along with the roof, after 25 years. He also won’t be alone in wondering, where have they gone?",0
5433,"North Dakotans Reconsider a Corporate Farming Ban, and Their Values - The New York Times","WING, N. D.  —   The Wagner family farmstead in central North Dakota could have been lifted from a Grant Wood painting: bales of hay rest on a gently sloping hill, cattle graze near a bright blue pond, green tendrils of durum and sunflowers peek out of the dirt. The Wagners fear that all of this could someday be under threat from big, impersonal corporations. It is a concern that is expected to drive them, and other North Dakotans, to the polls on Tuesday to vote on a referendum that would make it possible for companies to buy up farms like theirs. Starting in 1932, North Dakota law barred nonfamily corporations from owning farmland or operating farms. But that changed in March of last year when the state Legislature passed a bill that would relax the corporate farming ban and Gov. Jack Dalrymple signed it into law. Citizens protested the new law, with the state’s farmers union at the forefront, which led to the referendum that voters will face on Tuesday. The law was set to take effect last August, but its fate rests on the outcome of the referendum. A vote for the measure would uphold the new law, which allows domestic corporations and limited liability companies to own and to operate dairy farms and swine production facilities on land that is no larger than 640 acres, or one square mile. A vote against the measure would repeal the new legislation and restore the law that had governed farm and dairy operations in the state for more than eight decades. While the debate is very much focused on maintaining the character of North Dakota, it also taps into widespread fears about the disappearance of family farms throughout the United States and the spread of big corporations and their farming methods into rural America. People like the Wagners who support the earlier law  —   one of the strictest in the country  —   say that it protects the environment and family farmers like them. “With corporate farming, they just don’t have the connections,” said Laurie Wagner, whose husband’s grandparents started the farm in the 1930s, as she walked around the property on Thursday. “They could buy up all the land, and it means nothing to them. They could make it impossible for people like us to compete. ” The issue has sharply divided North Dakotans. On rural roads outside Bismarck, the capital, some fields and front yards are decorated with bright green signs declaring, “No to Corporate Farming. ” Many people are suspicious of big business and eager to preserve the state’s long heritage of   farms. Agriculture remains North Dakota’s dominant industry, with close to 30, 000   farms and ranches. In 2012, North Dakota became the first state to enshrine the “right to farm” in its Constitution. “I think small towns and rural communities are at stake,” said State Representative Kenton Onstad, a Democrat and the minority leader. “I think the values of North Dakota are going to be given up and slowly erode. ” But those who support the ballot measure say that opponents are acting out of nostalgia and emotion. They argue that the farming and ranching business in North Dakota needs to evolve to stay competitive: Dairies and hog farms have declined in recent years, prompting many people to argue that the industries could use a boost. “We have this picture in our head of the Hollywood farm, with the dairy cows, a couple of pigs, a couple of chickens,” said Katie Heger, a family farmer who favors allowing corporate farming. “There are very few farms that are like that. Farming and ranching is a business. So if we’re looking at sustaining agriculture in the state of North Dakota, we need to look at how we can build business. ” During last year’s debate, Governor Dalrymple, a Republican, said that he hoped changes to the farming law would encourage economic growth in the struggling dairy and swine industries. And he promised that the new legislation included safeguards to protect North Dakota’s family farms. “The bill includes strict limits on the use of the business structure and we do not consider it a threat to the farm sector of North Dakota as we know it,” he said at the time. The North Dakota Farmers Union, which opposed the bill, responded by gathering more than 20, 000 signatures to force the measure onto the statewide ballot. The union has spent heavily on mailers and television ads in recent weeks and recruited more than 1, 000 volunteers to make phone calls and knock on doors to drum up support. Mark Watne, the group’s president, said he believed that if the legislation went into effect, it could open the door to consolidation and the possibility that smaller farms could go out of business. Family farmers, he said, have an incentive to train the next generation, while corporations could choose profits over longevity. “We simply do not believe in our communities that the ownership of land in the hands of a corporate structure is in the interest of   agricultural production,” Mr. Watne said. State Senator Terry M. Wanzek, a farmer and rancher who sponsored the bill last year, said that opponents are driven by unwarranted fears of big business. “They think Monsanto or Walmart is going to come in and own everything,” Mr. Wanzek said. “I don’t see this as some big bad bogeyman who’s going to come in and take over the farm. If I felt in any way that it was going to threaten our heritage or our way of life on the farm to any great extent, I never would have supported it. ” Some have argued that allowing family farmers to incorporate could give them more access to outside capital and investors for expansion, like other businesses in the state under corporate structure. “The disadvantage with North Dakota’s law is that you can’t have any other partners once you’ve incorporated except for a very direct relative,” said State Senator Joe Miller, the chairman of the agriculture committee and a sponsor of the bill. “You’re hamstringing neighbors to be able to come together, or outside investment partners, maybe a friend who lives in California who wants to invest. There’s all kinds of different opportunities that one could explore, and that’s completely off the table right now. ” The North Dakota Farm Bureau, a lobbying organization that has farmer members, has adopted an alternative tactic in case the new law is defeated that takes aim at the 1932 law banning corporate farming. Earlier this month, it filed a federal lawsuit seeking to overturn the law, arguing that it is discriminatory and unconstitutional. “The laws of our state, as they stand today, are forcing North Dakota’s farm families to make business management decisions that other businesses are not being forced to make,” Daryl Lies, the president of the Farm Bureau, said in a statement. David M. Saxowsky, a professor of agriculture at North Dakota State University, said that the debate speaks to a culture in North Dakota that places a heavy value on farmland. “We’re very proud of our resources, we think that our land is attractive to investors and we are very proud of our desire to be the business owner,” he said. “And for those reasons, we want to provide an environment in which smaller businesses owned by families can succeed. ” Governor Dalrymple declined to be interviewed. In an emailed statement, he said, “It’s good that this will be decided by the people of North Dakota. ”",0
5434,"Review: In ‘Fatima,’ a Muslim Mother Working in France Hits Her Limit - The New York Times","“If my daughter is a success, my happiness is complete,” declares the title character of “Fatima,” a small miracle of a film from the French director Philippe Faucon. Divorced from her husband, whom she followed to France and with whom she is still friendly, Fatima (Soria Zeroual) is a    North African woman raising two teenage girls in Lyon. The oldest, Nesrine (Zita Hanrot) 18, is a   medical student, and the younger, Souad (  Aïche) is a sullen, sexy    rebel ashamed of her mother for working as a housecleaner. Souad sneers that Fatima is “a useless  ” and “a living rag. ” But her mother, however stung, endures the abuse and chooses her words carefully when firing back. Fatima loves her daughter despite her insolence. Steeped in North African Muslim culture, Fatima has traditional notions of what she calls “respectable” female behavior that don’t apply in France, and she is upset when Souad insists on baring her shoulders. If the movie, loosely based on two books by Fatima Elayoubi, tells a familiar story of immigrants struggling to make something of themselves in an alien culture (Fatima speaks some French but reads only Arabic) it does so in a tone that is kindhearted but clearheaded, and the performances are   and believable. (Mr. Faucon picked Ms. Zeroual, a nonprofessional actress, to play Fatima.) It makes you feel the intense pressures facing Fatima and her family from all sides. When a young man flirts with Nesrine on a train, she politely but with a tinge of regret explains that she has to study. Some of those pressures come from gossipy female neighbors who are envious, and judgmental. One Moroccan woman fumes that Nesrine didn’t greet her at a bus stop, an incident that Nesrine, lost in her thoughts of school, doesn’t recall. While on the job 12 or more hours a day, Fatima is treated with barely disguised contempt by female employers who brusquely order her around and who, she rightly senses, suspect her of petty theft. Nesrine nearly cracks under the strain of her studies, which require her to absorb complex medical terminology. She worries most about not disappointing Fatima, who is sacrificing everything to pay for her schooling. Nesrine simply can’t afford to fail. Eventually Fatima, exhausted, falls down stairs with her cleaning equipment and takes a paid   medical leave. But when the time is used up, she complains of continuing shoulder pains, although tests indicate she has recovered. She has simply reached her limit. To bolster her morale, Fatima has been keeping a bedside journal, written in Arabic. As she reads aloud from it to a sympathetic doctor, her reflections on hardship, sacrifice and life’s unfairness have the tone of a humble manifesto. “Be proud of all the Fatimas who clean working women’s houses,” she reads, and her words resound with the determination and quiet nobility of a woman who, however downtrodden, knows her own worth. “Fatima” is not rated. It is in French and Arabic, with English subtitles. Running time: 1 hour 19 minutes.",0
5435,Venezuela: Anti-Socialist General ’Extremely Critical’ Following Torture in Secret Police Custody - Breitbart,"Retired Brigadier General Ángel Vivas of the Venezuelan military, an outspoken critic of the socialist regime who refused to hand over weapons and accept arrest for years, is suffering severe medical harm after being beaten and tortured by secret police, his family contends. [Dictator Hugo Chávez ordered his arrest before his death after Vivas challenged the new Bolivarian Socialist motto for the Venezuelan military, “Nation, Socialism, or Death”  —   the same as the Cuban motto. He was convicted of “insubordination” and sentenced to prison, but instead armed himself and went home, refusing to accept the arrest. Vivas was finally taken to a Secret Police (Sebin) prison in early April following the start of a new wave of   protests.  Viva’s family told the Venezuelan newspaper El Nacional that the    was beaten severely upon being apprehended on April 7 and displayed signs of being tortured in prison, among them a wound on his temple that has affected vision in his left eye, complete loss of hearing in his left ear, what appears to be a broken rib, and a severe lower back injury that appears to have damaged his internal organs. His family, who saw him for the first time since his arrest on Wednesday, say he is now also unable to stand up straight, uses a cane, and has lost a significant amount of weight. “His health condition is extremely critical,” one relative told the newspaper. Viva’s wife, Estrella Vitora, denounced the torture of her husband on Twitter this week. Vitora adds that Vivas told her he was shot in the ear and had the wound sutured without anesthesia. There is no evidence that Vivas has had access to medical professionals since his arrest. A journalist, Daniel Colina, published Vivas’ mug shot in late April, and reported that authorities had not provided Vivas with arthritis medication he is dependent on or addressed his hypertension. At the time, the injuries his family reported this week were not overt, indicating that he had been subject to beatings and torture within the last two weeks.   Me informan mis fuentes que el Gral. Ángel Vivas se encuentra con Hipertensión elevada y tiene que tomar un medicamento para la artritis. pic. twitter.   —   Daniel G. Colina (@danielgcolina) April 29, 2017,  Vivas was arrested on April 7 in an operation his daughter, who witnessed it, says involved a false accident to lure Vivas out of his home. That day, a car crashed into the front of his home. Upon leaving his house to check if anyone had been hurt, an unmarked car approached carrying an estimated 20 armed men, who beat Vivas and whisked him away. The original order for Vivas’ arrest was handed down during the Chávez era, when Vivas legally challenged the imposition of a new, socialist military motto. After the order for his arrest, Vivas locked down in his home and became more vocal in opposing the government, particularly on social media. Vivas contended that the Venezuelan military had been colonized by communist Cuban military leaders, who had been imported to indoctrinate new recruits, and refused to hand over his weapons. Vivas called for Venezuelans to “resist Cuban invasion and the traitors that support it” and called the Cuban flag “the flag of our worst enemy” in 2014. During this latest wave of protests, triggered by an attempted Supreme Court takeover of the nation’s legislature, the Venezuelan opposition leadership have repeatedly called upon the military to abandon dictator Maduro and refuse to attack unarmed civilian protesters. Most of the opposition leadership has nonetheless remained notably silent on Vivas’ case. On his blog, Vivas denounced the opposition shortly before his arrest. In one blog post in particular, reproduced by the Miami outlet Martí Noticias, Vivas wrote, “no politician and no Venezuelan political organization has given me even the least bit of support that I need, and not just that, they have ignored me, to them I don’t exist. ” “They are not really politicians, since they do not defend the interests of their country but their own interests,” he continued, “and those of the organizations to which they belong and international organizations to which they are affiliated ideologically and from which they receive money (the Socialist International). ” Multiple prominent members of the opposition, including the political prisoner Leopoldo López, are members of the Socialist International. One of the organization’s vice presidents, Henry Ramos Allup, is a leader of the opposition in Venezuela. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
5436,"Serbia’s Prime Minister Projected to Win Presidency, Consolidating Control - The New York Times","BELGRADE, Serbia  —   Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic appeared headed toward a   victory in Serbia’s presidential election on Sunday, winning more than 50 percent of the vote among a field of 11 candidates, according to exit polls and early results. If the preliminary vote count holds and Mr. Vucic passes the 50 percent threshold, he would avoid a riskier   runoff on April 16. While Serbia is a parliamentary republic and the presidency is intended as a largely symbolic position, the actual effect of the election result is seen as removing the last check on Mr. Vucic’s power and as a further erosion of Serbia’s nascent democratic institutions. Mr. Vucic, by far the most popular political leader in the country, will choose his successor as prime minister, most likely a pliant one, and he is expected to exercise unchallenged control over all of the country’s main political institutions: Parliament, the executive branch, the ruling party and now the presidency. With its coalition partners, his party has a strong and solid majority in Parliament, and the courts are weak and seen as politically controlled. The departing president, Tomislav Nikolic, had been one of the few checks on Mr. Vucic’s power. With Mr. Vucic in the president’s office, Serbia is likely to follow the same domestic and foreign policy course as during his time as prime minister: enacting the political and economic changes required for membership in the European Union, while simultaneously seeking closer relations with Russia. Creating tensions with Brussels, Mr. Vucic has refused to support sanctions against Russia. Declaring victory in Belgrade, the capital, Mr. Vucic said, “When you have results like this, it’s clear to everyone that there is no instability,” adding, “Serbia is strong, Serbia is powerful and it will be even stronger. ” As Western governments decrease their involvement in the Balkans and membership in the European Union loses its appeal to Serbia and other countries, political leaders in the region are feeling less pressure to govern within the confines of democratic institutions or to protect human rights, press freedom and the rule of law, and to fight corruption. The regional trend is toward “weak democracies with autocratically minded leaders, who govern through informal patronage networks and claim to provide   stability in the region,” according to a study by the Balkans in Europe Policy Advisory Group. Observers view Mr. Vucic’s consolidation of power as a product of this drive for stability that has shaped the politics of the western Balkans over the last decade, as Western governments choose to engage with strong leaders rather than work to strengthen democratic institutions. “Stability trumps everything,” said Jelena Milic, the director of the liberal Center for   Studies in Belgrade. Public opinion surveys before the election showed that Serbian voters considered Mr. Vucic the best candidate for delivering stability, said Srdjan Bogosavljevic, a pollster at the Ipsos polling company in Belgrade. Living in a region still inflamed by ethnic tensions and economic turbulence, in which older people experienced three wars in a generation, Serbs want a strong leader to guide the country, Mr. Bogosavljevic said. Mr. Vucic’s popularity surged after the arrest and prosecution of Miroslav Miskovic, one of Serbia’s wealthiest magnates, who in June was convicted of fraud and sentenced to five years in prison. Mr. Vucic had campaigned for prime minister on a promise to rein in the country’s oligarchs. Mr. Vucic also positioned himself successfully on foreign policy: seeking good relations with Russia while also leaving no doubt that Serbia would eventually join the European Union, despite his frequent criticisms of the bloc. “Serbian public opinion says, ‘We love Russia, but we don’t want to be part of Russia,’” Mr. Bogosavljevic said. “And we don’t like Europe, but we want to be part of Europe. ” Support for European Union membership has fallen to 47 percent, according to a poll in December by the   Serbian European Integration Office. Mr. Vucic reinforced his image as an indispensable international partner during the campaign by meeting with world leaders. He met last month in Berlin with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and in Moscow with President Vladimir V. Putin, who wished him “success” in the vote. Russia has been expanding its influence in the Balkans to fill the vacuum as Western powers draw back, Ms. Milic said. Because Mr. Vucic has delivered on some international issues important to the European Union, like encouraging moderation in Bosnia and engaging in a dialogue with the leadership of Kosovo, the bloc has refrained from overtly criticizing him for abuses like restricting press freedom. “The E. U. is very weak and disinterested in the Balkans now, and this has enabled him to get more credit and less scrutiny for his domestic policies than he should,” said Florian Bieber, a professor of Southeast European Studies at the University of Graz in Austria. “Behind closed doors, they always remind Vucic that he has to better protect the democratic process,” Mr. Bieber said. “But they don’t say it in public. ”",0
5437,Trump Aide Paul Manafort Promoted to Campaign Chairman and Chief Strategist - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump has given a broad new role and title to Paul Manafort, the veteran Republican operative he hired in March, ending weeks of confusion within Mr. Trump’s organization about the campaign’s chain of command. Mr. Manafort will now be the campaign’s chairman and chief strategist, according to Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump. Such titles are generally reserved for a presidential candidate’s   advisers. The move, which was first reported by ABC News, formally elevates Mr. Manafort beyond the role for which he was initially hired: managing the convention for Mr. Trump and wrangling delegates to get behind his candidacy. Corey Lewandowski, who has been the campaign manager since Mr. Trump entered the race, will remain in that role, Ms. Hicks said. She told ABC News that Mr. Lewandowski would “continue overseeing    operations and will work with Manafort on political strategy and communications, among other things, through the general election. ” The announcement came after weeks of infighting between loyalists to Mr. Manafort and to Mr. Lewandowski repeatedly drew outside attention and created a distraction for members of the campaign staff. Mr. Manafort has already made substantial changes to the campaign, including hiring the pollster Tony Fabrizio. And on Wednesday, Mr. Trump named Arthur B. Culvahouse Jr. a Washington lawyer, to oversee the vetting of potential running mates. Mr. Culvahouse, who has performed a similar role for Republican nominees since 1976, advised Senator John McCain in 2008 with his   vetting process, ultimately recommending Sarah Palin, then the relatively unknown governor of Alaska.",0
5438,Can any U.S. President Ever Overcome the Power of the Establishment and Bring Substantive Change to America?,"OpEdNews Op Eds 10/28/2016 at 10:15:27 Can any U.S. President Ever Overcome the Power of the Establishment and Bring Substantive Change to America? License DMCA We're finally approaching the end of this long, drawn-out, and very boring process of electing this country's next president. Millions upon millions of Americans are backing either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump in the hope that she or he will bring long-awaited, substantive change to this government and this country. They have been waiting, fervently hoping to finally see some individual who possesses great courage, strong leadership skills, and a deep sense of ethics and morals, become president; and to use the power of the presidency to take this country in an entirely new direction, with a government that adheres to the will of the people. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like either of the two current candidates possesses those qualities and characteristics in abundance sometime in the future we may see such an individual emerge. What kind of real substantive change am I talking about? Well in the latter half of the 20 th Century we saw major accomplishments made during the tenures of various presidents, such as sending a man to the moon, together with important advancements in medicine, science and technology, as well as the creation and development of the internet. Those were very significant achievements but not the kind of substantive changes that greatly impacted the direction of this country. The kind of change of which I speak would be more like the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or the creation of the Medicare and Medicaid health care systems in 1965; and in years past, the Social Security system. Here's the type of change this country and society needs as we navigate the 21 st century. First and foremost we need to see very ambitious government/business efforts and programs to create millions jobs for Americans. That would help greatly to reinvigorate the middle class and jumpstart our sluggish economy; it would also result in significant reductions in the number of Americans who are dependent on food stamps and other forms of government welfare. - Advertisement - Such a program should include the repair and modernization of our deteriorating national infrastructure, the development of solar and wind power, and the creation of a universal health care system that would finally cover all Americans at much lower costs. We need substantive changes in the way we deal with rampant violence in this country; this problem has been escalating and its way past time that something were done to curtail the proliferation and illegal use of guns that are slaughtering far too many of our innocent fellow Americans. But so far the government and, in particular, this Congress, has refused to address this situation because of the power wielded by the gun industry and the NRA. That continued governmental vacillation combined with NRA obstructive tactics must not be allowed to continue. A large majority of Americans would like to see real, substantive changes such as those identified above put into effect; and all of them are clearly doable. However, that's just not happening because there is a massive, seemingly immovable object standing in the way. That object of obstruction is, of course, the Establishment, which is diametrically opposed to any such progress because its own objectives clash with those of the people. It is very difficult and virtually impossible for any president to overcome the power of this Establishment because of what I refer to as the Circle of Power and Control that exists in Washington; here's how this ultra-powerful, self-perpetuating circle operates; - Advertisement - At the seat of this power is Corporate America which uses monumental amounts of $$$ to influence and control our elections so that a large majority of elected senators and representatives return to the Congress time and again; not to advance the needs of the people but, rather, the interests and objectives of Corporate America. We might refer to these politicians as indentured servants. The Corporatists want to slash corporate taxes to further increase profits, to significantly water down the regulations and restrictions on the banking industry., They support the lobbyists and special interest groups that have infiltrated this Congress and are, not only greatly influencing the enactment of legislation, but are often actually writing it. Congress has, as a very top priority, the ongoing funding of the massive Military-Industrial Complex, i.e., the Pentagon, the CIA, the State and ""Defense"" Departments, and the defense industry corporations which produce the machinery of war. Too many taxpayer dollars that should be used to strengthen this country's deteriorating foundations are, instead, directed to the military establishment to maintain its huge empire of bases and installations all over the world, to conduct invasions and occupations of other nations, and to remove elected leaders and/or dictators in various countries.",0
5439,Colombia Reaches New Peace Deal With Rebels - The New York Times,"The Colombian government and the nation’s main rebel group said on Saturday that they had reached a “new final accord” to end their longstanding conflict, potentially reviving a deal that was rejected last month in a referendum. The changes to the agreement with the rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or the FARC, were announced in Havana and addressed a range of topics  —   such as where rebels would be confined after disarming and how courts might address drug trafficking offenses  —   that negotiators said had troubled voters. The agreement also appeared to withdraw a promise of guaranteed seats for rebels in Congress  —   one key demand of those who said the rebels would be unfairly rewarded with political positions. In a televised address, President Juan Manuel Santos emphasized the need to ratify the agreement quickly, saying time was running out. “The   is fragile,” he said. “The uncertainty generates fears and increases the risks to throw this immense effort overboard. ” However, it was unclear whether the changes would placate voters who had sunk the deal by a thin margin, many on the grounds that it was too lenient on the rebels. After the vote, critics said they wanted rebel leaders to face prison sentences  —   a demand that seemed nearly impossible to meet after the first agreement had been signed. Álvaro Uribe, a former Colombian president who led the campaign against the deal, issued a brief statement saying he wished to review the changes in coming days. The fate of the   war between Colombia and the FARC has been uncertain since the referendum nearly six weeks ago. Polls had indicated that the measure would be approved by a large margin, and the government had even held a signing ceremony with the rebels the week before. But a vigorous campaign emerged against the deal, and it was rejected by 50. 2 percent of voters. The prospect of peace remained widely popular in Colombia, but for many, the terms of the deal did not offer justice after generations of conflict. Scenes of guerrilla fighters donning civilian clothes and preparing to enter politics touched a nerve for many voters who did not feel that the group had shown remorse for past crimes. Catholic and evangelical Christian voters also joined the “No” campaign, hoping that it would be seen as a repudiation of the government’s socially liberal agenda, including the legalization of   marriage. On Saturday, negotiators emphasized that both agreements’ references to gender and sexual orientation pertained only to the rebels. Despite the setback of the referendum, Mr. Santos has received widespread international encouragement to complete the deal. Days after the vote, he was named the winner of the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize, and the judges warned that it was up to him and the FARC to avoid a renewed war this year. The United States, which played a role in both negotiations, backed the announcement on Saturday. “President Santos and his negotiating team, those from the ‘No’ campaign, and other important sectors of Colombian society deserve credit for engaging in a   and respectful national dialogue following the plebiscite,” Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement.",0
5440,"Six Latin King Gangsters Charged in Street Stabbing, Beating of Crippled Man","Prosecutors charged six members of the violent Latin Kings street gang with stabbing and beating a handicapped man. The gang members allegedly punched, repeatedly stabbed, and beat the victim with his own cane. [District Attorney Richard A. Brown said that the defendants are each accused of brutally attacking a young man for no reason other than he was not a part of the Latin Kings.  “Gang violence will not be tolerated in Queens County,” Brown said. “The defendants’ poor choice in pursuing gang membership and the violence that are a part of that lifestyle have led them to be charged with serious felonies that carry the possibility of lengthy prison sentences. ” A Queens County grand jury indicted six members of the violent Latin Kings street gang. They are charged with attempted murder and gang assault stemming from an October 2016 attack on a    man, according to a statement from Queens County District Attorney. The six defendants  —   Michael Aragundi, Jonathan Duy, Jordan Leon, Wilson Matute, Luis Mayancela, and Luis Minchala  —   were each charged with one count of   attempted murder, one count of   gang assault, one count of   assault, two counts of   robbery, one count of   robbery and one count of   assault. Brown said that the six Latin Kings members approached the    outside a bar during the early morning hours of October 29, 2016, and began attacking him  —   allegedly punching him and stabbing him. The Latin Kings used a cane that the victim had with him as a weapon against him. They proceeded to beat him mercilessly with it, prosecutors stated. Following the attack, the six gang members fled the scene. Emergency responders transported the victim to a nearby hospital where he received treatment for multiple stab wounds and lacerations to his head and neck. Brown said that the victim suffered nerve damage to his left arm which has left him with numbness in his arm and hand. The judge in the case ordered the six defendants back to court on July 10, 2017. The gang members each face up to 25 years in prison if convicted. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.",0
5442,"A Ranger, a Field of Wildflowers and the Retelling of Flight 93 - The New York Times","SHANKSVILLE, Pa.  —   Just another Thursday, and the morning mix includes   bikers from New Jersey, Amish visitors from Pennsylvania and a few children adjusting to a park not intended for play. They settle onto benches for the 11 o’clock retelling. A ranger in the green and gray of the United States National Park Service tucks his     lunch on a shelf and walks out to face his audience. A field of wildflowers undulates behind him the   clouds seem nearly within reach. He begins: “Remember how bad the weather was that morning?” Hesitant nods turn quickly to head shakes. No. On that particular September morning, you could see forever. This is just the ranger’s way of buckling you in. Helping some to remember what we already know. Helping others, especially those who were not yet born, to envision a beautiful, calamitous day now nearly 15 years in the past. His name is Robert Franz, he is 61, and his title is “interpretive park ranger,” which means that his job is to tell the story of what happened in that   field behind him, again and again and again. This is the Flight 93 National Memorial, by far the most removed of the three   crash sites. A visit requires a   journey through the arresting Allegheny Mountains, up and down and up and down, past a Confederate flag here, a Trump sign there, to a   field set aside for reflection. “Mayday! Mayday! Get out of here!” the ranger says, echoing the alarm that was heard by air traffic controllers. The words chill the   air, as children fidget and bees buzz about. He continues the story of United Airlines Flight 93, bound for San Francisco from Newark. How four hijackers redirect the jet southeast, most likely to crash into the nation’s capital. How many of the 40 crew members and passengers fought back. How this hurtling jetliner nearly flipped before crashing at 563 miles an hour into the soft,   earth, killing all. “The crew and passengers put democracy in action,” Mr. Franz says. “They take a vote”  —   to storm the cockpit and regain control of the plane. We connect to that day in our own way, and the storyteller in the   ranger’s hat is no different. He was born into the military, his father an Army lifer who served in World War II’s European theater, his mother a daughter of the French underground. They were married at the Cathedral of   in Paris, and went on a short honeymoon in an Army jeep. Their son Rob spent the better part of two decades flying Army Hueys and Black Hawks and training other soldiers how to fly helicopters. He left the service in early 2001, and was at home on Cape Cod, Mass. that Tuesday, watching the news. He thought of those he had trained, and felt guilt for not being among them for the deployments sure to come. Mr. Franz focused on a real estate career, volunteered with the local veterans’ committee and worked briefly as a police officer. Then, in late 2011, he spotted a listing on a government website for a seasonal job as an interpretive park ranger at the Flight 93 Memorial. He quickly applied, he recalls, sensing a chance to “complete the circle. ” Soon he was driving about 600 miles west to Shanksville every April, and staying until October. He proved to be such a powerful storyteller, his presentation informed by his knowledge of aeronautics, that he was recently offered permanent employment, which he accepted. “He told this story unlike anyone I had heard,” says Stephen Clark, the superintendent for the national parks in western Pennsylvania. “And, of course, being a veteran makes it all the more special. ” Sometimes Mr. Franz stands at the memorial plaza, answering questions about the time of the crash and the location of the bathrooms. He commiserates as people recount their own connections to the day, and keeps his counsel as conspiracy theorists question whether such a crash even occurred. “If somebody’s made up their mind, there’s nothing I can do,” he says. Sometimes he distributes Flight 93 Junior Ranger handbooks, explaining to young visitors what activities they need to complete before receiving a Junior Ranger badge. The   booklet is a thoughtful study in trying to find the right words: Early in the flight, their plane was hijacked by four men. To hijack a plane means to take control over it. These hijackers were angry at the United States of America   …     But there are words, and then there are words. When children ask about the recovery of bodies, Mr. Franz redirects, ever so slightly. Since there were only remains, no bodies, he explains that a spot out there, beyond the wildflowers, is now “a final resting place. ” And sometimes, Mr. Franz is standing before another 11 o’clock crowd, as he is now, telling an American epic in less than a   all the while reminding himself not to get emotional again when he comes to a certain point. The more familiar narrative of Flight 93 focuses on those Mr. Franz calls the “big guys”  —   Todd Beamer, for example, the young software salesman who helped to organize the passenger revolt and whose last recorded words of “Let’s roll!” became a national rallying cry. But the park ranger makes the gentle point that the revolt was “a group effort. ” “Let me tell you about Sandy Bradshaw,” he says, recalling the    flight attendant who, in a furtive call to her husband, explained how she was boiling water to hurl at the hijackers. “Let me tell you about Honor Elizabeth Wainio,” he says, recalling the    business executive known as Lizz who, in a moment of supreme compassion, called to comfort her stepmother about what was to happen, and who was part of the revolt. She was 27. “No, it’s not looking good,” Mr. Franz says. “But they weren’t going to give up. ” The park ranger, the father of two adult daughters, looks down and takes a long, unscripted pause. As he struggles to regain his composure, the wildflower setting becomes   the bikers and the Amish now silent congregants in outdoor pews. Soon these people will wander off, some over to the   memorial wall, some up to the new visitors center, where Flight 93 shirts and mugs are sold, and an interactive display includes recordings from the fatal flight. Soon, a Korean War veteran will tell Mr. Franz that he thinks the federal government “overdid it” with this park, and a    boy in a tank top and a Penn State ball cap will ask for a Junior Ranger handbook so that he can learn about this place and earn his plastic badge. But right now, Mr. Franz is taking a brief private moment in public that seems to him like an hour. Sandy Bradshaw. Lizz Wainio. Democracy in action   …     His emotions in check, Mr. Franz acknowledges his awkward pause and returns seamlessly to his story. How the airplane flew right over Route 30, “the road you came in on. ” How this elevated ground is a place to reflect on the tragic loss of life, yes, but how it is also a place to honor the courage of the passengers and crew of Flight 93. And that, he says, “is a good story. ” It’s 11:30. “Thank you,” the ranger says. “Have a great day. ”",0
5443,Stars at Obama’s White House Farewell Bash Party Until 4 A.M.,"A litany of   celebrities braved   temperatures to attend President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama’s final party at the White House on Friday. [The   crowd at the Obama’s farewell bash included George and Amal Clooney, Meryl Streep, Steven Spielberg, Stevie Wonder, David Letterman, George Lucas, Paul McCartney, and many more.  Cell phones were reportedly confiscated, forcing stars to snap and post photos and videos to their social media accounts from outside the White House. “Stumbling out of the White House at 4am after an incredible night celebrating 8 incredible years,” wrote actress Olivia Wilde in a Twitter post in which she was posing next to her partner, actor Jason Sudeikis.  Stumbling out of the White House at 4am after an incredible night celebrating 8 incredible years. 😭 A photo posted by Olivia Wilde (@oliviawilde) on Jan 7, 2017 at 2:10am PST,  “The one party we’ll wait in line to get into,” wrote Dj Cassidy in an Instagram post featuring Singer John Legend and his wife, model Chrissy Teigen, and Jerry Seinfeld and his wife.  The one party we’ll wait in line to get into  …     @johnlegend @chrissyteigen @jerryseinfeld @jessseinfeld @mimisam28 #whitehouse, A photo posted by djcassidy (@djcassidy) on Jan 7, 2017 at 2:20am PST,  Musicians Usher, Kelly Rowland, and Wale, who often collaborated with Michelle Obama on her high education initiative, posed for a photo alongside Saturday Night Live alum Jay Pharoah and TV personality La La Anthony.  When the squad takes over The White House #squadgoals 💪🏽 A photo posted by LaLa (@lala) on Jan 7, 2017 at 9:22am PST,  Bruce Springsteen, Bradley Cooper, J. J. Abrams, Oprah, Gloria Estefan, Tyler Perry, Robert De Niro, Jon Hamm, Ken Burns, Al Roker, Chris Rock, and Lena Dunham were also in attendance. Sports mogul Magic Johnson, fashion icon Anna Wintour, Hollywood super producer Harvey Weinstein, and Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels also made an appearance at Friday night’s bash, which lasted well into the night. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson.",0
5444,Couple Seeking House Willing To Do Webcam Show For Landlords,"0 Add Comment 
“YOU just have to show that you’re willing to go that extra mile,” said Keith Gernon, angling the webcam on his laptop to give a perfect shot of his bed, where his girlfriend Cathy Wilson is already waiting. 
“We haven’t left the house without a cash deposit with us for the past four months, just so we can grab any property that comes available to rent. But we’re always beaten to it… so we’ve decided to try something new”. 
Gernon and Wilson, both 27, are speaking exclusively to WWN about their difficulties in securing a one bedroom flat in Dublin city centre, and have decided to offer potential landlords a daily sex video broadcast live over a webcam in a bid to give them the ‘edge’ over other renters. 
“The minute a flat goes up on Daft, we mail the landlord and put on a bit of a show for them, letting them know there’s more where that came from,” said Wilson, undressing quickly in a bid to secure a bedsit above a butcher’s shop which just got listed at €1,800 a month. 
“If you think you’re going to just show up and get the place, forget it. It’s like trying to get bread in Russia in the 80s. We don’t even bother going to viewings now, we just send over a sexy clip and take it from there”. 
While landlords are open to webcam shows as part of their letting packages, people looking to buy a house rather than rent in Dublin must agree to sign up for a 24-hour Truman Show style existence with cameras in every room of the house.",0
5445,Reafirmación testicular de un Real Madrid que se encima de sus posibilidades,"Reafirmación testicular de un Real Madrid que se encima de sus posibilidades RESUMEN DE LA JORNADA 12 DE LA LIGA SANTANDER 2016-2017 Resumen de la jornada Betis 2-0 Las Palmas 
La ganadería bética engranó un trabajado debut de Victor Sánchez en el banquillo de la Maestranza. Más de cuatro cuartos de entrada para ver a unos toros (metáfora de jugadores) de encaste muy cuajados que embistieron (metáfora de jugar) con nobleza (metáfora de nobleza) y gran calidad (futbolística). Poco pudieron hacer los diestros palmeños que en todo momento se vieron desbordados por los astados (metáfora de los jugadores). Ovación y vuelta al ruedo (liga Santander). Atlético 0-3 Real Madrid 
Un Cristiano (Ronaldo) resucitado se apareció a los hijos de Simenone y les dijo: “Juntaos y os declararé lo que os ha de acontecer en los días venideros. Yahvé maldice vuestro furor, que fue fiero, y vuestra ira, que fue dura y por eso seréis envilecidos con tres goles (de falta, de penalti y al contragolpe)”. 
Dicho lo cual lo cumplió y los albinos ya sacan cuatro puntos al segundo. Barcelona 0-0 Málaga 
Un Málaga impertinente consiguió dejar mudo a un Barcelona desmessiado y ansuarezuado ante la mirada de un Luis Enrique que no supo en ningún momento romper un marcador inamovible. A destacar la actuación de un gran Kameni bajo unos grandes palos evitando unos goles que nunca llegaron a una portería. Como declaró uno de los jugadores malquitas al terminar el partido, “Uno más uno es dos, pero unos nacen y otros se hacen”. Athletic 1-0 Villarreal 
El partido se abrió con una ensalada de bacalao con pimientos, a la que siguieron unas patatas a la riojana, perdiz estofada y un chuletón de buey de un kilo, a compartir entre dos. Cuando el partido se empezaba a poner interesante, se cerró el telón del primer acto y a la vuelta de los vestidores la pelota volvió a la nevera. Sólo un error podía matar el cero del tablero. Casi quedó señalado Bruno, que perdió una pelota tonta y el remate rojiblanco terminó en la red. El partido quedó empachado. 
De postre una estupenda panchineta de hojaldre. Uno a cero y a vomitar al baño. Alavés 0-1 Espanyol 
Gerard Moreno falló un penalti para los pericos poco minutos antes del final, lo cual sumió al delantero guacamayo en un estado de depresión del que parecía imposible salir. Por fortuna para los loros de Madagascar, en la grada se encontraba Paulo Coelho, que gritó a Moreno: “¡Todas las batallas de la vida sirven para enseñarnos algo, inclusive aquellas que perdemos!”. 
Segundos después, el delantero tucán lograba el gol de la victoria. Eibar 1-0 Celta 
El centrocampista eibarita, Fran Rico, furioso al ser anunciado por megafonía como Pan Rico, fue el autor del único tanto que subió al marcador. Ni las migas dejó en el campo. 
Con espacios y la convicción de las cosas bien hechas, el Eibar pudo haber marcado más tantos pero se conformó con ser un equipo muy señor y tendió la mano al Celta. Valencia 1-1 Granada 
Granada, tierra soñada por mí, mi cantar se vuelve gitano cuando es para ti, pero sin embargo Valencia es la tierra de las flores, de la luz y del amor, ambas cantadas por Plácido Domingo. Tablas, pues. Sporting 1-3 Real Sociedad 
Los hombres de Eusebio fueron muy superiores a los hombres de Abelardo y bastante más que los hombres de Paco. Partido muy viril. De hombre a hombre, mirando a los ojos. Lástima que en la segunda parte del encuentro los jugadores de ambos equipos se centraran más en escupir sobre el césped que en perseguir el balón. Deportivo 2-3 Sevilla 
Partido demenciado que acabó con la milagrosa victoria del conjunto hispalense gracias a la intercesión de la Virgen de la Macarena que, con su halo, marcó el camino del gol a Z’Nonzi, Vitolo y Mercado entre saetas y gritos de guapa. 
El Deportivo sacó a Santiago Apóstol en la segunda parte pero no sirvió de nada ante la eficacia goleadora de la madre de Dios. Leganés 0-0 Osasuna 
La mujer del portero leganita ha pasado el fin de semana fuera por cuestiones de trabajo y él no tenía a nadie con quien dejar a los niños, con lo que el partido se celebrará esta noche, que esta noche sí, sin problema, ya se queda ella, a las 20:45 en el Estadio Municipal de Butarque nos vemos. La salida de la publicidad de los apartamentos no, la otra. Acordaos de traer la pelota, aunque creo que allí alguna tendrán pero mejor llevar una nosotros que luego nunca se sabe.",0
5446,Memetic Wednesday: Endgame Hillary,"Listen up everybody 
It is literally less than two weeks till the election. 
@Colonel-Gunter.Brumm has had a brilliant idea. For the remainder of the race we need to focus on one last Glorious Memetic Campaign. It should primarily be focused on social media for widest distribution. 
Specifically via a ‘NORMIE FRIENDLY’ assault. 
Our Orders: Add a shortcut to this article to your desktop. Check the BBS for great posts and send them out across your networks. Make a new folder on your desktop just for this campaign. Archive, create, distribute Go through ALL of your archives for the best memes you have. ONLY NORMIE FRIENDLY stuff. Anti Hillary and Glorious Trump stuff. NO Hakenkreuzes, chicken and watermelons or Daily Stormer watermarks, etc. Then assemble them all along with PNGs, blank backgrounds, finished products, etc so that we can mobilze and go full Klendathu Drop on her ass for the rest of the campaign. Because this is the ONLY TIME THAT COUNTS FOR MOST SHEEPLE. We need to reach the sheeple that we allÂ know personally and get them laughing, angry, emoting, etc. Deploy these normie friendly memes to flood your own personal social media, twitter etc. Put them into the hands of all of your colleagues at work, friends, relatives and their friends to flood the planet for the next 2 weeks. Again- NO Nazi stuff, just intense anti Hillary stuff right up to the edge of what we normally do and our best of the best Trump stuff we have. Make many posts, every day for the rest of the presidential campaign. Saturate all your networks (i.e. FB, Twitter etc.) Deploy all your accounts, IRLs, sockpuppets, etc. Reach out to other Alt-Right communities and have them join us. 
Check back here on this article every day to get more ammo and to leave more for others. 
Anyone that blocks you is a Hillary voter so don’t worry about them. Anyone that’s pro Trump will not block you and will share your stuff. Anyone undecided will read and can be swayed by the humor and horror and beauty of our memes. 
Remember this is about reaching the undecided, the fence sitters, the people who supported other candidates. The reason why they have to be specifically Normie friendly is so that everyone here feels comfortable enough to blast them into their own personal social networks. 
There are millions of us, blasting them into our networks extend their reach to billions. Stuff that your aunt and uncle can share with their friends too. We want them laughing and horrified. 
We think the best stuff to focus on is– Highlight her desire for war with Russia..– Highlight her corruption– Highlight Trump’s heroism and genius and glory– Highlight that all the smart and cool and sexy people support him. 
This is for real now. Get off your ass and do your duty for the Fatherland. 
To our Non American Brothers: This is your election too. The same orders apply. Help us so that we can help you. The US is the vampire heart of ZOG. If we bring it down here, you are free. Simple as that. 
Also here are some simple tools to make stuff and modify stuff you already like. Use them, make them and then post them here for others to deploy as well.",0
5447,"Speaker at Sanders Rally Tells Crowd Not to Vote Clinton, Gets Dragged Off Stage","We Are Change 
The president of the Iowa State University Bernie Sanders club was dragged off of the stage at a Hillary Clinton rally which he was invited to speak at by her campaign — after telling the crowd not to vote for her.

Sanders was in town holding the rally to drum up support for him formal rival on Saturday. Enthusiastic Sanders supporter Caleb Vanfosson was invited to open the event, but instead of echoing Sanders’ endorsement, the college sophomore laid down exactly why he will not vote for her. 
“I got a call the other day asking me if I wanted to speak for Hillary, basically they wanted to use me like a puppet,” Van Fosson told Fox News . “Trump’s not any better, but Hillary Clinton is still terrible.”
His speech began in typical fashion, introducing himself and speaking about student debt. 
“While the part time reality tv show star and full time bigot Donald Trump thinks that hard working immigrants is what’s wrong with our country,” Vanfosson said to laughter from the crowd, “hes failing to even talk about this issue.” 
Bernie Sanders supporter and college student speaker calls out Hillary Clinton at her own rally, security pulls him off stage 11/5/2016 pic.twitter.com/EKMV15ZScd 
— MicroTurkeyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU8) November 5, 2016 

“But unfortunately Hillary doesn’t really care about this issue either, the only thing she really cares about is pleasing her delegates — the delegates who won her the election,” he said. “The only people who can really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs. CITIGroup can trust Hillary. The military industrial complex can trust Hillary. Her good friend Henry Kissinger can trust Hillary.” 
Vanfosson’s words clearly resonated, as cheers and applause erupted from the crowd. 
“She is so trapped in the world of the elite that she has completely lost grip of what it’s like to be an average person,” he continued. 
A man then entered the room and began to walk purposefully towards the podium. When he reached Vanfosson, he grabbed him and 
“She doesn’t care about us. Voting for a lesser of two evils, there’s no point,” he concluded, as he was grabbed and pushed off the stage. 
The post Speaker at Sanders Rally Tells Crowd Not to Vote Clinton, Gets Dragged Off Stage appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
5448,Electric Cars Must Run Behind Man With Flag,"  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in the USA today gave clarification on the soon to be imposed safety measures required for electric cars. In addition to a two-tone siren that must sound the word “Pus-sy!” and a yellow strobe light mounted on the roof, all owners must carry a man who will walk in front of the car holding a red flag. 
‘The NHTSA has worked long and hard on these proposals with our colleagues in Detroit,’ a spokesman – George MustangVEight – said. ‘Over one Americans every year are injured by electric cars and we aim to resolve this unacceptable risk to our citizens with these actions. Plus, the forced employment of a pedestrian speed retarder by all owners of these dangerous vehicles will do wonders for the unemployment these blights have caused in our oil and petrochemical industries.’ 
In California, Tesla Motors owner Elon Musk remained positive: ‘It’s fine. I’m currently working on a way to convert electricity using the phone lines as a transport medium. I’m sure we can have it running in beta by 2020. Failing that we may soon be able to transubstantiate the intolerable smugness of their owners into pure energy’. james_doc",0
5449,"Interior Nominee Promotes Navy SEAL Career, While Playing Down ‘Bad Judgment’ - The New York Times","In his successful runs for state senator in Montana and then for Congress, Representative Ryan Zinke has promoted his   career in the Navy SEALs as one of his main credentials, going so far as to put the SEALs’ Trident symbol on his campaign bus. While he has portrayed his accomplishments in the Navy in glowing terms, Mr. Zinke, a Republican and   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of the interior, has acknowledged one “glitch”: that he improperly billed the government for travel to his home in Montana when he was a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the late 1990s. He had to repay $211 for one of two trips, he has said, maintaining that the episode did not derail what he described as a “brilliant” career. But two retired admirals under whom Mr. Zinke served say his account understates the damage that it did. Mr. Zinke was in fact punished for abusing his travel expenses, they say, through an evaluation that prevented him from rising to senior levels in the Navy. His former commanding officer in SEAL Team 6, retired Vice Adm. Albert M. Calland III, who had never before discussed the matter publicly, said in an interview that it was “an easy decision” to hit Mr. Zinke hard over the travel claims, which came at a time when he was supposed to help prevent such abuses. “I gave him a fitness report that I thought would not allow him to get to captain, and that seemed, in that regard, to work O. K.,” Admiral Calland said. Even though Mr. Zinke served in a succession of No. 2 jobs in special operations after that, “he never got command,” the admiral said. Another retired vice admiral, Sean A. Pybus, who was Mr. Zinke’s boss after he left SEAL Team 6, said that Admiral Calland’s decision to cite Mr. Zinke for “lapses in judgment” in failing to set a proper example was a red flag for boards screening officers for coveted command jobs. Even if a fitness report  —   essentially a performance evaluation  —   gives top marks in other areas, as Mr. Zinke’s did, “language there like ‘hey, this officer has questionable judgment,’ that would keep him from being selected for a command position,” Admiral Pybus said. “And I think that’s exactly what happened. ” Mr. Zinke has said he took the trips to scout training locations in Montana and nearby parts of Washington and took leave while he was there to do construction work on a family home in Whitefish, Mont. But officials who were at the command said he had less reason to scout sites at the time because he was finishing a   tour as an assault team leader. They said one of the trips also seemed suspicious because he had sought reimbursement for excess airline baggage even though he was traveling alone. Admiral Calland recalled that there was “a lot of discussion” among senior officers about how to punish him. It also hurt Mr. Zinke, the officials said, that the trips came when SEAL Team 6  —   which, though now best known for killing Osama bin Laden, had initially been filled with   mavericks who flouted the rules  —   wanted to project a more professional image to compete with the Army’s Delta Force for top missions. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said that Mr. Zinke, 55, was preparing for a Senate confirmation hearing on Tuesday and that neither he nor the transition team would comment for this article. Mr. Zinke’s supporters say he has long since transcended the old problems through his political work and by becoming the first SEAL team member to be nominated for a cabinet position. Mr. Zinke, who was born and raised in Montana, was elected to the State Senate shortly after he retired from the Navy in 2008. He was elected to the House of Representatives in 2014 and won his second term in Congress in November with 57 percent of the vote. While the main focus of the hearing is likely to be his support for increasing energy drilling and mining on public lands, and his stated view that climate change is “not proven science,” senators could also question him about his Navy career. There is no doubt that Mr. Zinke was well liked and a rising star in the SEALs before the travel expenses episode. When he was a lieutenant commander in early 1998, his team snatched a Bosnian Serb war criminal, Goran Jelisic, on a city street and hustled him away in a van in a daring daytime operation. Even after Admiral Calland gave him declining performance marks in military bearing and leadership over the travel issues in   Mr. Zinke was promoted to the rank of commander, which is equivalent to lieutenant colonel in the Army, Air Force and Marines. But while he would have been eligible two or three times before he retired to be placed in charge of a unit as a commanding officer, he never was. And without serving as a commanding officer, he could not become a captain, which is equivalent to a colonel in the other services, and then an admiral, as some of his SEAL peers have. Kenneth Stethem, a retired SEAL chief petty officer who supports Mr. Zinke, said the travel issue seemed minor so many years later. “We have a saying in the teams: ‘You never shoot a   man with a   bullet,’ and that’s exactly what’s going on right here,” he said. But some former SEAL team members claim that Mr. Zinke has also exploited his past  —   he placed the SEALs’ insignia (with six stars, presumably for SEAL Team 6) on his campaign bus in violation of Defense Department guidelines against politicizing such symbols  —   and that he exaggerated what he did in his later military jobs to obscure that he never received commands of his own. He published an autobiography in November that was grandly titled “American Commander. ” And his biography on his congressional website says that he was “deputy and acting commander” of a task force “where he led a force of over 3, 500 Special Operations personnel in Iraq” in 2004. In an interview, Michael S. Repass, who retired from the Army as a major general and was Mr. Zinke’s boss in Iraq, chuckled and said, “That might be a stretch. ” General Repass said that while Mr. Zinke was his deputy commander for four months, he had named him acting commander for only about a week and a half, when the general traveled to the United States. General Repass said Mr. Zinke “did a good job” as his deputy and was “a competent guy,” and he had nominated Mr. Zinke for one of two Bronze Stars he received. Admiral Pybus said that Mr. Zinke was “embarrassed and humbled” when he left SEAL Team 6 and “did quite well” as his deputy at a command using   SEAL units in Europe. “I didn’t see any fallback on poor judgment or indiscretions,” Admiral Pybus said, adding that he had heard Mr. Zinke also did well in another Navy job, as the   officer (and briefly acting commander) of the main SEAL training center. Mr. Zinke attended the University of Oregon on a football scholarship and graduated in 1984 with a geology degree. He served first at a regular SEAL team and then trained other SEAL team members. Records show that two of his early bosses believed that he had the potential to become an admiral. He joined SEAL Team 6 for a stint in 1991. After working on a staff in London, Mr. Zinke returned to SEAL Team 6 in 1996 as the leader of Gold Team, one of three assault teams. Mark Cochiolo, one of the enlisted team members, said Mr. Zinke fixed “some disciplinary issues” and “got us refocused on what we were there for. ” The high mark came on Jan. 22, 1998, when members of Mr. Zinke’s team jumped from unmarked vans and seized Mr. Jelisic, who had called himself the “Serb Adolf,” after Hitler, as he killed detainees during the Bosnian war. The operation took only a minute, former team members say, and Mr. Jelisic ended up with a   prison sentence. Admiral Calland called Mr. Zinke a “superstar” in his fitness report for that year and predicted that he would “lead and command with distinction. ” But in referring to the travel problems that hurt his next evaluation, Mr. Zinke surprised some of his former teammates by suggesting in his book that he was not aware that standards had tightened. He recalled how Team 6 members had earlier “traveled and trained where they liked and Navy oversight was little or none. ” When he became the Gold Team leader, he maintained, “the command had changed, but I had not,” attributing his travel violations to either “bad judgment or a bad habit. ” He also minimized the effect the issue had on his career. While he wrote that it was “a hard lesson to learn and likely put a cloud over me making flag officer,” or admiral, he referred to the episode as just a “shot across the bow. ” He also wrote that “the biggest penalty was being embarrassed for wrongdoing. ”",0
5450,Delingpole: ’Come and Join Us’ Says France’s New President to U.S. Climate Scientists,"Exile all the top climate scientists in the U. S. to a failing economy where unemployment is rising, taxes are prohibitive and terrorism is rife. What kind of a vicious, sadistic bastard would dream of such a proposal? [Well, his name is Emmanuel Macron and he is the new French president. He has invited America’s entire climate change industry to France in order for them to escape what he clearly imagines to be President Trump’s   Terror.  He made his offer in a video on Facebook in February this year, before he knew for certain that his rivals had been nobbled to point where he was definitely going to win. “This is a message for American researchers, entrepreneurs, engineers working on climate change  …    I do know how your new president has decided to jeopardize your budget, your initiatives as he is extremely skeptical about climate change. I have no doubt about climate change  …     Please come to France. You are welcome. It’s your nation. We like innovation. We want innovative people. We want people working on climate change, energy, renewables, and new technologies. France is your nation. ” If President Macron keeps his promise it will be truly awesome news for the U. S. economy. No one has ever calculated how much the U. S. squanders annually on the great climate change scam. But the annual global figure has been estimated at $1. 5 trillion so we can probably extrapolate from this that the U. S. pays at least one third of that. Here is what half a trillion dollars looks like in figures: $500, 000, 000, 000. Imagine if, instead of being squandered on foreign junkets, kickbacks for presidential donors (that means you Solyndra) subsidies for the wind industry, and salaries for crooked scientists fiddling with the data for political ends, that money was instead spent on something useful like bigger bombs to drop on America’s enemies, fighter jets that weren’t obsolete, or, better still, on paying off the U. S. deficit? Also, it would rid the U. S. of what Macron mysteriously calls “entrepreneurs” but which you and I would more accurately call “  parasites. ” The climate change industry is full of such creatures, attracted like blowflies to a rotting corpse. They contribute nothing of value to the economy  —   almost entirely dependent, as they are, on taxpayer subsidies. Elon Musk alone has cost the U. S. taxpayer $4. 9 billion. It is typical of a Frenchman not to understand this. France has always been a big believer in the power of the state and in massive,   ‘grands projets”. So long as they don’t have any issues with France’s increasingly rich and diverse culture, I can imagine that American climate scientists will be very happy. And once they’ve gone there, so will everyone in the US.",0
5451,Reports Of Potential Voting Trickery In 2016 Presidential Election (VIDEO),"(image credit: AP/Charlie Neibergall) Dallas elections officials say allegations “likely false or instances of user error” Over the past few weeks corporate news media have interpreted Donald Trump’s repeated claims of a “rigged” election as exaggerated. The Republican presidential candidate’s response in the third presidential debate of perhaps not accepting the election result was met with similar bluster by the major punditocracy. The experience of voters in Texas and other states may be bearing out Trump’s warning as multiple reports are surfacing of electronic voting machines changing virtual ballots from Republican to Democratic presidential candidates. Because Texas law prohibits videos and photos in polling places many voters in that state explain the apparent polling shenanigans on social media. As The Economic Collapse Blog observes , [A] number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. So those living down in Texas need to keep reporting anything unusual that they see or hear when they go to vote. Here are several social media posts from the Dallas Morning New s article at the I Am A Texan blog . The Dallas Morning News similarly reports : Early voters in Texas have claimed that voting machines in Dallas, Collin, Tarrant and other counties changed their presidential votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The allegations follow a similar pattern: Voters say they voted straight-ticket Republican, but when they reviewed their ballots, they reflected they had voted for Hillary Clinton for president, not Donald Trump. Their votes for Republicans in down-ballot races were not affected, according to the complaints. But elections officials say the allegations are more than likely false or instances of user error. Garland City Council member Stephen Stanley said he went to an early voting station at Nicholson Memorial South Branch Library on Tuesday morning while campaigning for candidates on the ballot. He said around noon a woman came out of the library and told him she had tried to vote straight ticket Republican but the machine said she had voted straight Democrat. The woman told him a poll worker apologized that the machine wasn’t working and instructed her to use another one. Stanley said he was worried about people who didn’t double-check their ballots. “My question is how many other people didn’t know,” Stanley said. Dallas County elections administrator Toni Pippins-Poole encouraged all voters to double-check their ballots before submitting them. She said she’s received second-hand reports of malfunctioning machines, but no one has logged an official complaint and she doesn’t have any names to go with the claims. H/t Matrix Bob",0
5452,"When They Asked Her What She Thinks of Hillary Clinton, They Never Expected Her to Say THIS!","Hillary Clinton When They Asked Her What She Thinks of Hillary Clinton, They Never Expected Her to Say THIS! 
0 comments 
Kids say the darndest things… ADORABLE! ""My dad told me that Hillary Clinton LIES A LOT, so if she wins she might take over the country! "" @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump pic.twitter.com/cHrP8lkPbS",0
5453,"Texas Teacher Admits to Three-Way Sex With High Schoolers, Say Police","A Texas teacher accused of having sexual relations with multiple high school students, admitted to these lascivious improprieties, even divulging she had   sex with two teenagers, according to an arrest warrant released on Monday. [Officers took into custody Heather Lee Robertson, 38, a kindergarten teacher in the Hudson Independent School District, on Saturday, April 22. According to police documents, she stands accused of having sex with a total of four high school male students. Police charged her with four counts of improper relationship between educator and student, The Lufkin Daily News reported. If convicted, Robertson faces up to 20 years in prison.  The details of this case unraveled when, on April 20, a Hudson ISD police officer received a tip allegedly linking Robertson sexually to two high school students. Their identities and ages remain unknown. According to the Lufkin newspaper, the officer opened an investigation and interviewed the teens. One said his relationship with Robertson began as “chatting and sexting” over Snapchat shortly after spring break, which led to Robertson inviting him to her apartment for sexual intercourse. He told her he had a friend with him and asked if it was “okay” that the friend tagged along. The student told the officer, Robertson approved both boys coming to her home. They arrived to find her on the couch “vaping,” according to the warrant. This teen said they all   for a few minutes after which Robertson instructed them to follow her into the bedroom where she took off her clothes and had   sex with the two teens. These youths then told the officer about two other male high school students possibly involved with Robertson. Officers spoke to these other boys, who said they had sex with her at the apartment several times. Reportedly, the teens snuck out of their homes, and Robertson picked them up to bring them to her residence. One of these boys said his improper relationship with the teacher started over the same social media app. In a subsequent police interview, Robertson admitted to all of the allegations and even told officers the first sexual encounter took place in late 2016 and the last happened on April 14, according to the arrest warrant. Robertson added that recently she became a heavy drinker and did not always remember the details of these sexual encounters, KTRE reported. On Thursday morning, Hudson ISD Superintendent Mary Ann Whiteker learned about this situation. That afternoon, Robertson resigned. No doubt, teachers crossing the line sexually with students continue to plague Texas classrooms. DeEtta Culbertson, Texas Education Agency (TEA) spokeswoman, told Breitbart Texas the agency opened 159 of these cases between September 1, 2016, and March 31, 2017. By comparison, the TEA opened 123 cases during the entire   academic year. These numbers rose steadily over the years:   141 cases   152   156   163 and   179. In   the TEA accounted for a disconcerting 188 instances, which lead Senate Education Committee members to meet and seek policy solutions plus assess the role of social media in fostering this troubling educator behavior. The   school year, though, marked an   high of 222 cases, Breitbart Texas reported. So startling the numbers, the TEA asked state lawmakers to fund nearly $400, 000 in their   academic budget for hiring two investigators and one administrator to better tackle the problem. This legislative session, state Senator Paul Bettencourt ( ) authored Senate Bill 7 to crack down on this schoolhouse epidemic. In March, the upper house voted unanimously for this bill, which since moved onto the House Education Committee. On April 12, they voted    with 4 absent for advancing SB 7 through the legislature’s lower chamber. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.",0
5454,The Future of Privacy - The New York Times,"This is an article from Turning Points, a magazine that explores what critical moments from this year might mean for the year ahead. Turning Point: Apple resists the F. B. I. in unlocking an iPhone in the San Bernardino terrorism case. I’ve never been able to fit the concepts of privacy, history and encryption together in a satisfying way, though it continues to seem that I should. Each concept has to do with information each can be considered to concern the public and the private and each involves aspects of society, and perhaps particularly digital society. But experience has taught me that all I can hope to do with these three concepts is demonstrate the problems that considering them together causes. Privacy confuses me, beyond my simplest understanding, which is that individuals prefer, to different degrees, that information about them not be freely available to others. I desire privacy myself, and I understand why other individuals want it. But when the entity desiring privacy is a state, a corporation or some other human institution, my understanding of privacy becomes confused. While it’s true that states and corporations often desire privacy, they just as often desire that I myself have less privacy. What does it mean, in an ostensible democracy, for the state to keep secrets from its citizens? The idea of the secret state seems antithetical to democracy, since its citizens, the voters, can’t know what their government is doing. Thereby hang the countless conspiracy theories of our day, many of them supposing that we possess far less privacy than we actually do. Advocates of the secret state, wishing to comfort us, sometimes praise a rough and ready transparency: If you have nothing to hide and you trust your government, what can you possibly have to fear? Except that one can just as readily ask: If you have nothing to hide, what do you really have, aside from the panoptic attention of a state, which itself keeps secrets? Even this simple consideration of privacy confuses me. Is individual privacy and state privacy the same thing? Are they conceptually antithetical? Is it to a state’s advantage to permit its citizens to keep secrets? States desirous of citizens’ secrets have been known to torture their own people in the course of encouraging them to reveal what they know. We know this historically, and we know it still to be true, though whether we’ve personally been affected by it largely depends on where we happen to live. I have ideas about history, more than I have about privacy, and it is here that my confusion deepens exponentially. I believe that our ability to create history, to transcend generations via our extraordinary prosthetic equivalents of memory, is the most remarkable thing about us. Unless we’ve forgotten something, lost it to history, we’ve yet to encounter another species capable of the same thing. Should the F. B. I. or other agencies be able to unlock the iPhones of terrorists? To be able to do so makes them able to unlock yours or mine. Should I be able to encrypt documents in such a way that the F. B. I. can’t decrypt them? If I can, terrorists can as well. (Not that I necessarily accept terrorism as the ultimate fulcrum in such arguments, but it’s become the one most often employed.) In the short term, the span of a lifetime, many of us would argue for privacy, and therefore against transparency. But history, the long term, is transparency it is the absence of secrets. So we are quite merciless, as historians, when it comes to the secrets of the past, the secrets of the dead. We come to know them with an intimacy impossible in their day. It would be unthinkable for us to turn away from their secrets, to allow the Iceman his privacy or to not scan beneath the bitumen to recover an Egyptian priestess’s tattoos. And here, to complete my tangle of confusion, is encryption, no doubt aggravated by my inability to understand the concept mathematically. I assume (perhaps incorrectly) that the future is all too liable to have its way with today’s most sophisticated encryption technology. I imagine that the world’s   secrets  —   those of both private citizens and state institutions  —   will one day sit in plain sight on whatever it is that our descendants display data on. Privy to that information while looking back at us, our ancestors will know us differently than we currently know ourselves, just as we now know the Victorians quite differently from how they knew themselves. The past, our own past, which our descendants will see us as having emerged from, will not be the past from which we now see ourselves emerging, but a reinterpretation of it, based on subsequently available information, greater transparency and fewer secrets. If our continually lengthening, ever more transparent history is the sum total of who we are as a species, then our species is the poorer for every secret faithfully kept. Any permanently unbreakable encryption seems counter to that. And yet I would prefer to keep certain secrets of my own, as I assume most of us would. So perhaps that desire is as much a part of us, as a species, as our need to build these memory palaces.",0
5455,Fake ID’s: Threat to Elections,"Fake ID’s: Threat to Elections October 26, 2016 Am election worker checks a voter's drivers license as North Carolina's controversial ""Voter ID"" law goes into... © CHRIS KEANE 
Former member of the Federal Election Commission says fake ID's are a “potential way around a state that has a photo ID law in place."" A quick Google search reveals a plethora of fake ID vendors. Most popular are drivers license and student identification. This ease of availability of fake drivers licenses poses a danger to American national security. Fraudulent identification also increases the threat of voter fraud in certain states. 
(Vero Beach, FL) The use of fake drivers licenses isn’t just limited to teenagers drinking beer, but can be used by terrorists, illegal immigrants and fraudulent voters to go around barriers set up by law enforcement. The trend also poses a threat to this presidential election in states where voter ID laws are in place. 
Hans von Spakvovsky, former member of the Federal Election Commission and a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, told The Daily Caller that fake IDs are a “potential way around a state that has a photo ID law in place.” 
Paul Rozenweig, now a senior adviser to the Chertoff Group and a lecturer at George Washington University School of Law, told theDC that in his “personal view” the security of drivers licenses “has been underemphasized.” 
“We’ve done a great deal, for example, to make passports harder to forge, we’ve been much less successful in making domestic identification such as drivers license secure,” Rozenweig said. “The fact that 15 years after 9/11, we still don’t have a secure drivers license identification system in the United States that is hard to spoof and applies to all 50 states is a good example of how we haven’t put any emphasis on this.” 
TRUNEWS contacted four states out 7 arguably considered to have ""strict"" voter photo ID laws. At least in four states the Election Services representative did not express any concern with fake ID's for the coming election. All confirmed however, to not have any technology in place that would verify or decline a fake form of identification. In Wisconsin spokesperson Reid Magney said, 
""I'm not aware of how much a fake ID would cost, but I don't think someone is going to go through all that just to vote twice"" 
But what if voting twice isn't the goal? A person could be ineligible to vote for a number of reasons like criminal history or immigration status and use a fake ID to do so.The easy access to fake ID's provides a solid supporting argument to allegations and even video released by Project Veritas Action investigators depicting Democratic campaign officials encouraging non-citizens to vote. 
There is a whole unit of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) devoted to document fraud, and yet a quick search on Google yields credible fake ID vendors. Narcotics are accessible on the internet as well, but they require the use of software such as Tor in order to get to the “darknet.” Tor allows you to visit websites that are only accessible on the software’s browser and user’s locations and identities are hidden through the use of thousands of relays. On the other hand, there is a large community on Reddit openly discussing which fake ID websites are credible, offering sales and giving reviews on products. Drivers licenses and student IDs are the main types of fraudulent identifications available on the open internet. For passports one can visit a “dark marketplace” and purchase a fake Spanish passport for nearly $3,000. The subreddit “fakeid” has over 15,000 subscribers and keeps a list of “verified” vendors who the moderators have confirmed won’t scam users. Sources close to The Daily Caller have ordered fake drivers licenses from these vendors, all of which have bar codes that can be scanned, proper holographics, and proven to be effective at liquor stores or hotel check-ins. 
According to ICE: “ICE places a high priority on investigating document and benefit fraud. These types of fraud pose a severe threat to national security and public safety because they create a vulnerability that may enable terrorists, other criminals and illegal aliens to gain entry to and remain in the United States.” While ICE claims to place a “high priority” on fake IDs, sites such as reallygoodfakes.com have had a registered domain since 2010. Besides the key issues related to fake drivers licenses of illegal immigration and terrorism that ICE identifies, fake IDs can also enable voter fraud. 
Ian Smith, investigative associate at the Immigration Reform Law Institute, told TheDC fake IDs are commonly used by illegal immigrants to “obtain work, open a bank account, and rent an apartment.” We spoke with Leah Smith a spokesperson at Election Services in Mississippi and she seemed pretty confident in relying on poll workers this November 8th. 
""We have trained poll workers who know what a real ID looks like"". 
Original article by The Daily Caller. 
——- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  ",0
5456,"TRUMP APPOINTS ANGRY, RACIST COFFEE MUG TO TRANSITION TEAM","TRUMP APPOINTS ANGRY, RACIST COFFEE MUG TO TRANSITION TEAM Nov 17, 2016 NEW YORK, NY (SatireWire.com) – In the latest staff shakeup, President-elect Donald Trump today reportedly replaced key members of his transition team with an angry, racist coffee mug. 
The mug, which portrays an angry man shouting a racist phrase, immediately drew the ire of Democrats, who said it sends “exactly the wrong signal” to a divided nation. 
But Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway brushed off the criticism. 
“Democrats talk about healing our country, and yet this kind of talk does nothing to bring our country together,” said Conway. “President-elect Trump is very pleased to have the angry, racist coffee mug join his incredible team to make America great again, and I urge all Americans not to judge the angry, racist coffee mug on its past performance, on what we ‘think’ its views are, or on any other forms of perceiving it, but instead judge it on what it will do in the unknowable future.” 
Other Republicans accused Democrats of attempting to undermine the incoming president. 
“They lost the election and now they’re pointing fingers trying to make the angry, racist coffee mug into a caricature,” said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas. “I haven’t met the angry, racist coffee mug personally, so I can’t say it’s racist or not, but I can say it’s ridiculous to claim that the angry, racist coffee mug is entirely responsible for every single thing that’s printed on it.” 
Sources inside Trump Tower said the angry, racist coffee mug has so far fit seamlessly into the transition, and hinted that another staff announcement could come as early as tomorrow, when outgoing advisor Mike Rogers, a Republican moderate, will be replaced by a box of firecrackers. 
 ",0
5457,Re: George Soros Is Preparing For Economic Collapse – Does He Know Something That You Don’t?,"George Soros Is Preparing For Economic Collapse – Does He Know Something That You Don’t?   June 9th, 2016 
Why is George Soros selling stocks, buying gold and making “a series of big, bearish investments”? If things stay relatively stable like they are right now, these moves will likely cost George Soros a tremendous amount of money. But if a major financial crisis is imminent, he stands to make obscene returns. So does George Soros know something that the rest of us do not? Could it be possible that he has spent too much time reading websites such as The Economic Collapse Blog ? What are we to make of all of this? 
The recent trading moves that Soros has made are so big and so bearish that they have even gotten the attention of the Wall Street Journal … 
Worried about the outlook for the global economy and concerned that large market shifts may be at hand, the billionaire hedge-fund founder and philanthropist recently directed a series of big, bearish investments , according to people close to the matter. 
Soros Fund Management LLC, which manages $30 billion for Mr. Soros and his family, sold stocks and bought gold and shares of gold miners, anticipating weakness in various markets . Investors often view gold as a haven during times of turmoil. 
Hmmm – it sounds suspiciously like George Soros and Michael Snyder are on the exact same page as far as what is about to happen to the global economy. 
You know that it is very late in the game when that starts happening… 
One thing that George Soros is particularly concerned about that I haven’t been talking a lot about yet is the upcoming Brexit vote. If the United Kingdom leaves the EU (and hopefully they will), the short-term consequences for the European economy could potentially be absolutely catastrophic … 
Mr. Soros also argues that there remains a good chance the European Union will collapse under the weight of the migration crisis , continuing challenges in Greece and a potential exit by the United Kingdom from the EU. 
“ If Britain leaves, it could unleash a general exodus, and the disintegration of the European Union will become practically unavoidable ,” he said. 
The Brexit vote will be held two weeks from today on June 23rd, and we shall be watching to see what happens. 
But Soros is not just concerned about a potential Brexit. The economic slowdown in China also has him very worried, and so he has directed his firm to make extremely bearish wagers. 
According to the Wall Street Journal, the last time Soros made these kinds of bearish moves was back in 2007, and it resulted in more than a billion dollars of gains for his company. 
Of course Soros is not alone in his bearish outlook. In fact, Goldman Sachs has just warned that “there may be significant risk to the downside for the market” … 
Goldman Sachs is getting nervous about stocks . 
In a note to clients, equity strategist Christian Mueller-Glissmann outlined the firm’s fears that there may be significant risk to the downside for the market. 
Ultimately, George Soros and Goldman Sachs are looking at the same economic data that I share with my readers on a daily basis. 
As I have been documenting for months, almost every single economic indicator that you can possibly think of says that we are heading into a recession . 
For instance, just today I was sent a piece by Mike Shedlock that showed that federal and state tax receipts are really slowing down just like they did just prior to the last two recessions… 
US federal personal tax receipts receipts are falling fast. So is the Evercore ISI State Tax Survey . 
The last two times the survey plunged this much, the US was already in recession. 
Is it different this time? 
And online job postings on LinkedIn have now been falling precipitously since February after 73 months in a row of growth … 
After 73 consecutive months of year-over-year growth, online jobs postings have been in decline since February. May was by far the worst month since January 2009, down 285k from April and down 552k from a year ago . 
Last week, the government issued the worst jobs report in nearly six years , and the energy industry continues to bleed good paying middle class jobs at a staggering rate. The following comes from oilprice.com … 
That may seem counterintuitive in an industry that has been rapidly shedding workers, with more than 350,000 people laid off in the oil and gas industry worldwide. 
Texas is one place feeling the pain. Around 99,000 direct and indirect jobs in the Lone Star state have been eliminated since prices collapsed two years ago, or about one third of the entire industry. In April alone there were about 6,300 people in oil and gas and supporting services that were handed pink slips. Employment in Texas’ oil sector is close to levels not seen since the aftermath of the financial crisis in 2009. “ We’re still losing big chunks of jobs with each passing month ,” Karr Ingham, an Amarillo-based economist, told The Houston Chronicle . 
At this point it is so obvious that we have entered a new economic downturn that I don’t know how anyone can possibly deny it any longer. 
Unfortunately, the reality of what is happening has not sunk in with the general population yet. 
Just like 2008, people are feverishly racking up huge credit card balances even though we stand on the precipice of a major financial crisis… 
American taxpayers are quick to criticize the federal government for its ever-increasing national debt, but a new study released Wednesday found taxpayers are also saddled with debt, and are likely to end 2016 with a record high $1 trillion in outstanding balances. 
Wallethub, a site that recommends credit cards based on consumers’ needs, said that will be the highest amount of credit card debt on record, surpassing even the years during and before the Great Recession. The site said the record high was in 2008, when people owed $984.2 billion on their credit cards. 
Will we ever learn? 
This has got to be one of the worst possible times to be going into credit card debt. 
Sadly, the “dumb money” will continue to act dumb and the “smart money” (such as George Soros) will continue to quietly position themselves to take advantage of the crisis that is already starting to unfold. 
We can’t change what is happening to the economy, but we do have control over the choices that we make. 
So I urge you to please make your choices wisely. 
*About the author: Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog. Michael’s controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled “The Rapture Verdict” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.* EBT Card Outage?: It Is 8 Days Into June And Many Americans Are STILL Waiting For Food Stamp Money » Jim Clark 
Market watch had a story on Soros and his bearish predictions the last six years. Each time he’s made his bearish predictions, the market has gone up. Returns the last 5 months have been good ever since that bearish hysteria in January. Shedlock has been saying we are in a recession every week since 2011. 
Bear markets do happen every few years do these guys may be right this time. Broken clocks are sometimes right too. But consider the whole track record of these prognosticators Tim 
A few months ago a wealthy coworker told me that he had about $50k in the stock market, and he asked me if I thought that was a good idea. I told him that I wouldn’t have any money in stocks because I believe that a major correction is coming. He later told me that he had gotten out of stocks, and I told him that he was wise to do so. However, the correction that I spoke of still hasn’t started, and my coworker seems to have taken a different attitude toward me. 
I no longer talk about what I believe is coming because everything is so manipulated, and it makes me look like foolish when I’m wrong. I believe I’ll eventually be proven right. It’s just a matter of time. I just wonder how much longer they can keep this going. This is insane. ali 
Capital should always be diversify in a way so as to reduce exposure to a particular asset or risk. I think one should maintain a portfolio in gold as well as stocks and so on Since last 2 years I have missed some good opportunities to invest and get good returns in stock market, just thinking that the market collapse can be any moment. abc 
1. There was a guy always bring an umbrella with him when goes outside, but no rain. One day, he decides not to bring an umbrella with him, and it rain. 
2. Some people needs to learn the hard way. Priszilla 
That’s me. Nowadays I don’t care about the rain and leave the umbrella home most of the time. I have a dehumidifier at home that dries the home when I bring home wet clothes. JC Teecher 
You are not alone. 
I tried to get my Dad, now 80, to sell off most of his stock last year before the August/September, “possible” market collapse. he didn’t, good thing, and after the short drop for a couple months, most of his stock investment has now hit decade highs. With some hitting record highs. 
But, he has no other investments, and little savings, except some junk silver. In late ’08 I tried to get him to buy into a major stock that had dropped to less than 7 bucks a share. The average for the stock over the past twenty years had been about 17 to 20 bucks. I told him that he could easily double his money in less than two years. He didn’t listen because his broker talked him out of it. 
That stock doubled in the first year, and two weeks ago hit an all time high of 70 bucks a share. 
I believe a big sell off will happen this Fall. A lot of stocks are way over valued. Liberty First 
I encouraged my wife to put all of her retirements into cash at present. What have we got to lose? A small potential gain short term, perhaps. But in 3-4 years there will be major bottom feeding opportunities. Meanwhile, I have a ton of money in gold stocks and silver (SLV). Be patient. And also, spiritual. We know that in the long term we will be right. It takes patience to sit through it, and enjoying family and other things of permanent value make it easyier. michael malachi 
pretty good idea with the silver, but maybe we should – as a nation – forget about money for a bit and begin to focus on being a better friend, neighbor, father, mother, sister, brother etc. You cant take it with you when you die. You will be remembered and judged by your relationships and actions (works). It is time to help those in need and love others. Don’t forget the golden rule. Liberty First 
Very nice. JC Teecher 
For some of us, we have been doing just that for years and years, and some even decades and decades. We realize that the only thing you take with you from this life, is what you give away. 
However; there is nothing wrong with making money and becoming comfortably wealthy, as long as it doesn’t become one’s main agenda for everything. When greed takes precedence over charity, then it is time to unload it all and take up the cross. 
I have never looked down on poor or disabled people that are doing the best that they can with the hand they have been dealt. 
I look down on rich people that have the attitude, and especially those that “act” like they are rich, and act snooty towards others. sistersoldier 
Amen and amen again JC. Christ came that we might have life more abundantly. Believers are to love God and grow in wisdom as these things are first and foremost and are more important than money. Just as you have stated we cannot take anything with us as only what we do for Christ will last. Money is a transient possession that is used for this brief life but no longer. Proverbs teaches us that it is better to have a little money but be right with God than a lot of money you obtained unjustly. JC Teecher 
Amen to your thoughts as well. 
Most people don’t realize that we can be blessed with much more than we need, as a test, to see how we handle those blessings. 
The strings of prosperity sometimes ensnare us to the world. Our Father wants to know if our heart remains pure through the prosperous times as well as the lean. 
I have found myself, in times past, forgetting that all the prosperity can vanish in a day. Believe me, when I say I have been tested many times. 
The key is to not make the terrible mistake of blaming God when all the prosperity vanishes. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
there is no god JC Teecher 
I wish that you could have the out of body experience that I had back in 2003. It literally shook me to the core, and before it was over I was completely aware of being in the spirit realm, and in my spirit body. so were the thousands that were with me. 
It ‘s up to you, if you want to see it and feel it bad enough. Maybe i can help if at some point you have the desire to believe. Otherwise just accept that you have been blinded for your own protection, until the beginning of the Millennium, or until you give up the ghost/spirit. 
Best wishes. sistersoldier 
And that which you have so profoundly laid out — is wisdom. “The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom and the knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.” ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
there isn’t a god Ken 
Just a thought. I’m a fan of silver, but not necessarily of the SLV. Like the GLD, there are likely more contracts per ounce than ounces in the vault to back it. Paper silver is like other paper “assets.” The SLV is being manipulated by the big banks as was admitted to last month by Deutsche Bank. It is entirely possible that your SLV goes higher, but you may not be able to sell it for currency. Check out Bix Weir’s YouTube videos to get a deeper understanding of what I’m talking about. My suggestion would be to convert your SLV to SLW or convert to physical silver you can hold in your hand. Gay Veteran 
One day, SOON< that co-worker would have wished he took your advice! Tim 
He did take my advice by getting out of stocks. But he may have put his money back into stocks. I don’t know. Since the “correction” that I warned him about hasn’t materialized he doesn’t talk to me much anymore. Frankie 
I would not waste any more time worrying about this person Tim. You gave advice that you thought was correct. We are all adults, this person CHOSE to listen to your advice, and probably got further information from other sources as well. YOU didn’t FORCE him to sell his stocks, he CHOSE to do it and instead of ignoring you and now not speaking he should “OWN” his own decision to do what he did. I am of the same ilk as you, I have been preparing for some time for a MAJOR collapse. We think 2008 was bad??? Wait for it!! People have no idea, do not think it is remotely possible that the entire world could collapse with everything that is happening across the globe. I once wanted to help everyone but I realised a long time ago people have to want to help themselves. So now I am concentrating on myself and my family. I truly believe really bad times are coming. People need to learn to be RESILIENT. Those who you thought were friends will become enemies in their desperation, you will need to learn how to defend yourselves and how to “economise” and I am not talking “money” here, I am talking the basic necessities for life. ALWAYSTOMORROW 
How SOON? TrumpGodzillaRising 
It’s wise to stay silent and simply observe, prepare your own sphere of influence as best you can and that’s about it as collapse accelerates. You’ll find that people become more insane as collapse accelerates. Jews never believed they were being sent off to be gassed even as they were herded onto the trains. Today we know different. Ignore the race hating a sec, focus on events as they are, reality as it is. 
I think Soros recognises it’s the global political dimension finally coming to a head, in other words, the people have finally had enough, you can see this globally in so many nations with so many problems converging to create this perfect storm that will feed off itself. 
We all know that none of the problems were solved post 2008, they were made infinitely worse. Here we are as predicted, 2015-2020 the collapse would accelerate and war would be the likely outcome when politics and diplomacy fails. In fact war is simply a continuation of politics. 
Islamic State 
The world order is collapsing. michael malachi 
When you have truth to offer – that truth must be brought out into light by sharing it with all who would listen. That is the job of a watchman. The problem is that too many see themselves as watchmen and most are just giving their opinions. A true watchman will have a true word of God that can not be refuted, but will likely be ignored. Opinionists tend to know it all and will make every effort to convince others that they are right. jox 
A watchman that ‘have a true word of God that can not be refuted’ doesn’t exist. michael malachi 
Anyone can disagree with and make attempts to discredit a true watchman (scoffers), but truth will be realized at some point by all. Ye shall know them by their fruit. A good tree can not produce bad fruit and a bad tree can not produce good fruit. GSOB 
Romans 8:1, 14, 16, 19 hut hut hike Scriptures speak otherwise. TrumpGodzillaRising 
Hence keeping opinions to yourself. The world is not ready for what’s coming, the world will not thank you for what’s coming. You can’t change anything anyway now, it’s too late. 
Ride with the chaos and simply try to survive as best you can, for as long as you can. 
Good luck 
I am sorry that you say that, may God show you his truth. GSOB 
God the Creator became a God-Man 
His death redeems those for His glorious plan. 
Now in resurrection, the Spirit’s released. 
Producing the Church, …. this is God’s Masterpiece. GSOB 
Genesis 6:13 – Noah’s day. 
What happened in his day, set in rough 1600 years since Adam and Eve? well, the population increased and so did evil. 
God is the still observing and been patient and kind by allowing us/them long enough to live and hear the Gospel. 
He has called believers in Him to become fishers of men the salty influence in a society engorged in decadence. He sees and knows all, is what they preach, for His own word testifies and verifies the disciples experience. The Spirit sanctifies them. 
His Sovereignty is unquestionable, beyond ours to fully appreciate, yet become a man like us. 
Different men use different bait but the message the true message is Peace with God through our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. The fire of Gods wrath has been satisfied in Him and He was raised for their justification and new life, eternal life in Jesus. 
Where is He now? 
How naïve men are to think He don’t exist, 
enslaved to god of this age, in their sin. 
We see it in our children. In all men. 
Only His blood can cleanse the heart from sin. 
The Christians see verses like these and understands, 
believes, that a Holy Trinity is their One God, that glorious praise of the redeemed. 
2 Corinthians 13:14 
Jesus Christ. 
The Spirit and the Bride say come. 
Collectively their message to the world is to endure in His grace, the ministry of reconciliation…. “Be reconciled to God.” 
In view of the Day of Christ, they are empowered by His grace to endure in their place the life, worth of the Gospel 
Philippians 1:27-29“Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ. Then, whether I come and see you or only hear about you in my absence, I will know that you stand firm in the one Spirit, striving together as one for the faith of the gospel without being frightened in any way by those who oppose you. This is a sign to them that they will be destroyed, but that you will be saved and that by God. For it has been granted to you on behalf of Christ not only to believe in Him, but also to suffer for him,…. Yet, God causes all these things to work for their good. TrumpGodzillaRising 
You’re gonna need a lot of faith soon, in fact those that survive this will survive because of their iron faith amidst the chaos. Weaker minds will not survive. Gay Veteran 
find that gay gene yet? Alana Gale-Perry 
I would tell him about this site, and ask him to use his own discernment, and tell him to visit this site often. The best manner, in which to talk about these things, is in terms of exactly what you just stated. That you know that something is coming, and it will be some time in the near future, but things are being manipulated, and it could come tomorrow, or it could be a little more time yet. Tell him that it’s a good thing that it is being held off, so it gives people time to pray and prepare. Ask him if he is preparing, both physically and spiritually. Tell him that’s the next step, and one that should be taken now, if he hasn’t already done so. Take care, and God bless! sistersoldier 
If it is any comfort the people of Noah’s day laughed at him as well and disbelieving asked, “Why are you building a boat on dry land?” Gay Veteran 
great fiction Heinrich van Rooi 
There are only two things to take in consideration and that is Time and Patience …. These two are keys. The Smart has all these two to there arsenal. It is not a question of will it happen or not,,but all about timing. I’ll say September to December range… Jim Clark 
He is a fool for listening to you. Markets go down occasionally. 25% of years have double digit declines. But it always recovers and market timing is very difficult. Have a diversified portfolio and ignore the chicken little brigade. DigitalThumb 
Yeap, I have learned to keep such information to myself, co-workers just don’t get it at all. Sheep to the slaughter they all think the economy is fine; buying news cars loading up with more debt. The youngsters are the worst totally blindsided. Mondobeyondo 
Taking a blind eye on the whole matter…. (i.e. don’t know who Soros is, blah blah etc) 
I would say yes. Perhaps (key word) he doesn’t know what the rest of us know. Or he does know and he is positioning us for…. well… Mike Smithy 
Soros is one of the most evil SOB’s on the planet and a lifelong member of the inside track club. Diggin the Dirt 
This is all an orchestrated ruse, to keep the average joe out of the markets. All the while, these guys are BUYING while you just sit back and watch the markets go UP. The last two weeks I’ve seen sharp reversals higher with the markets on every dip. Today was no exception. df NJ 
Pump and dump, dump and pump, and the beat goes on… Dave 
You have quotesd soros stuff before. You have used lots.of other experts. Same old same just months and months later. Its so rigged it WULL GO OM FOREVER! GSOB 
On Dec 20, 1998, on 60 Minutes did Steve Kroft interview George 
Soros where Soros, a Hungarian Jew, admitted collaborating with the Nazi’s 
as a teenager and stated: “…I had no sense of guilt.” GSOB Robert 
Just got a warning email from Wells Fargo two days ago. 
Stocks way overpriced. Fed has no clue. Wall Street bankers liars. Anyone really believes their stories? 
Look around your own towns and cities. I see more closed stores than ever. Real estate is clogged with for sale houses. Car lots are full with few buyers. Restaurants are not that busy during their busy times. Theaters have a handful of people in them. Walmart grocery section busy but other areas almost no one shopping. Childcare fees are horrendous. Food prices are rising. People laid off from work. I do not need Soros to know the economy is in bad shape. People who say they are doing well may in fact be truthful but millions of people are already enduring collapse. JC Teecher 
We ain’t seen nuthin’ yet. Wait until oil goes back to 100 petro dollars a bbl. 
Last time oil went up high they raised the price/cost of everything. When it came down, those prices/costs stayed put. It will happen again, and the poor and lower middle class will suffer greatly…unless the great providers of the nwo, increase ebt. goldminer 
Sorros still has lots and lots of money invested in the stock market. He simply took some out and moved it around to invest in PMs where the real money is at right now. He is all about making money. The PM market is exploding! For the miners, Gold funds, and ETFs. All I can say it thanks George! your 250 million investment into ABX. Helped triple the investment I made last winter when their stock was at rock bottom. If you dont own some PM based investments or physical. Its not too late. The fuse is lit. Silver is still real cheap. Get prepared. JC Teecher 
It’s easy to take big gambles with investments when you are sitting on a net worth of 25 billion. 
What’s a few billion here and a few billion there. Liberty First 
Yes, I got out of gld myself for ABX and some other miners. messtime 
I know nothing about the precious metals market, but it seems there are a lot of people buying into it in some form or fashion. What i wonder about is that PM do not seem to be supported very much in the world: Meaning what are there? A small amount of buyers & sellers? What does a person do who wants to buy gold? Go to their local stamp & coin collectors store, pawn shop, or maybe order from some business online? It seems to me that if the banks and other financial institutions bought and sold gold coins & bullion, it would be part of the monetary system – i am talking about over-the-counter purchases & sales, or exchanges for paper money. Theoretically if the two businesses in some town went out of business you would have to find another broker in some other town to liquidate your gold coins or whatever you have in the form of gold. Nobody wants gold – just specialty buyers & sellers and that is during relatively stable times. In a large worldwide financial collapse with maybe PM merchants out of business then who is going to buy your PM? I do not think that PM are given the respect that they need in order to be a viable source of security. When i was in Vietnam the people there were always converting cash into gold & it probably worked for them well – but i do not think it was to make a profit but to protect their savings in case they were unable to trade their currency or if the north vietnamese over-ran the country they would be able to buy the new national currency. It is just something i wonder about. Not trying to start an argument. moulesnfrites 
The Greeks who held physical gold and silver and FIAT currency outside of the banking system are doing much better than those Greeks who can only access sixty euros a day, for the past two years. I am sure the same applies to the Venezuelans and Argentinians currently. 
Only a fool trusts government and banks. Take responsibility and choose the red pill. 
A lot of the Jews who escaped Europe in the late 1930s only got past the border guards because of gold and silver. Thousands of years of history with gold and silver compared with about fifty years maximum for any FIAT currency. All FIAT currencies in history have failed. Diggin the Dirt 
1 TRILLION in credit card debt in this country now, as reported today. Incredible. The bankers are cleaning up everywhere. df NJ 
People are addicted to consumerism like heroin. It’s not all the bank’s fault. I think people are equally responsible for their misery. Although, having any government at all enforce banking laws would be a huge plus for the zeitgeist of our union. Priszilla 
You get rich be selling things other people consume. Perishable and single use goods are best. Festival Tickets, cut flowers, toner, ammo and the like. Frankie 
Yes, I have to agree. People ARE responsible for their own misery. Thes people who have borrowed beyond their means ABSOLUTELY KNOW IT yet they continue to do it. I have no sympathy for that mindset!! They will suffer the greatest. Bob332 
Wait until that bubble burst’s . They’ll be eating their credit cards. Frankie 
Too true. Frankie 
They think they are, but sooner or later they will fall over. Nothing has “no end” This will come to an end, reality dictates that they will NEVER recover this debt, they have let it become too big due to their avarice and yes they will be “eating their own credit cards” You can not get blood out of a stone, just as you can not get money out of people if they simply do not have it. Sweet T 
Who better to time the market collapse than the interim antichrist. fuallofyou 
I am sure Soros is reading your blog you dumb @ss. You made my day, doom and gloom preacher. By the way check expiry dates on your cellar prep food xoxoxoxoxox. df NJ 
I knew this guy in 1990 who had a cellar full of freezed dried food, 200 gallons of diesel, etc. I ask him how long the food would last in the packages before it would expire. He said 20 years. I’ve always wondered if he was eating a couple of years worth of freezed dried food leading up to 2010. Fubeatdown 
Yawn. Gfy. We’re gonna smash you frickin teeth into dust, jack@ss. Can’t wait. fuallofyou 
I went incognito just to make this name to respond to your name. I did think your comment was funny. Sincerely A.T. Steeve Girard 
What is catastrophic is not the state of Europe before and after Brexit… it’s the process and uncertainty between the two, that is when the damage is done. Preacher62 
“We can’t change what is happening to the economy, but we do have control over the choices that we make. So I urge you to please make your choices wisely.” Deut. 30:19 I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live: Repent and believe the Gospel and you will no longer need to fear the destruction that is ordained for this world and all who belong to it. df NJ 
We must have faith God will continue to provide us a life full of blessings. Faith in God’s love is all we need. GSOB 
There are distinctions of a believer of Christ and a disciple of Christ. James 2:19 Orac4Prez 
All you nasty people loosing jobs! Get back out there and due you patriotic duty and earn some more taxes. Isn’t that why you voted for Pres Obama! (/sarcasm) df NJ 
It’s too bad President Chimp did such a bad job when he was in office. The economy was losing 800,000 jobs per month leading up to the 2008 election. If Chimp-boy did not screw the pooch the black guy would never have been president in the first place! ALWAYSTOMORROW 
“President Chimp” Nice job df NJ. Some racist remarks should draw us closer. df NJ 
President Chimp was a reference to the George W “the boy wonder” Bush. Not the black guy. ALWAYSTOMORROW 
Sorry. I’ll remove my comment. df NJ 
Leave it. Whether are you are on the right or the left, nothing will change as long as the corporations control our government. I hope Trump get’s elected. Then maybe America can finally get the fascism-corporatism out of the way and we can return to public policies more favorable to labor and restore sanity. 
I sure wish Obama never got elected. Priszilla 
The state is the power organ of the ruling class. They need the state to solidify their rule. 
You can’t go against either of them. Not as citizens and not as president. You can only deny them influence by removing yourself from their reach. Guest 
Who says he was “elected”? Orac4Prez 
I cant deny that. I still say that the government has no idea about the economy. Too many economists who have never made anything! And the new high tech companies only use other peoples talents and produce very few jobs compared to their capitalisation (Facebook and twitter etc) don’t have many employees compared to say GE or Microsoft) Plus the older companies providing good jobs providing services to them. Plent of services now but now one can afford them. jaxon64 
Goiter-faced, slurping neo-con McCain never had a chance to win the 2008/2009 election. America was sick of war mongers like him regardless of what the economy was doing. No, the true powers that run the country had already decided for either Obama or Hillary to be the next ruse in line. Ultimately they told Hitlery that she would have to wait her turn–now they are incensed because someone is running who is not part of their machine and they didn’t give him permission to run for president. JC Teecher 
ole sidearms is pure nwo establishment, just like Lindsay Graham. They are pro war, pro industrialized war complex…aka anti conservative and anti God. JC Teecher 
Latest article: 
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham attends Bilderberg conference in Germany likely in violation of the Logan Act ALWAYSTOMORROW 
Michael, I was glad to read your comment that “We can’t change what is happening to the economy, but we do have control over the choices that we make.” 
I agree with you 100%. df NJ 
The corporations control our government. There will be no public policies improving conditions for labor. The corporations will not allow it. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Vote Trump he will bring the manufacturing base back to The USA…….we have lost millions and millions of manufacturing jobs…and we lost all the support businesses that locate by the factories, these are typically machine shops, fab shops etc etc etc. Robert 
Not going to happen. Too late to bring jobs back in manufacturing. The future is robotics. Rotten situation. Trump cannot change things in regard to jobs. Corporations have no reason to come back to American shores. How would he do it? Talk nice to them? Joltin Joe 
Drop corporate tax rate to 0 df NJ 
It’s already zero with all the tax breaks in the law. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Start with section 8 Factories in special manufacturing zones !….Forget section 8 houses….then the people work and pay their own rent or buy a house. 
Joltin Joe says 0 corporate tax rate… 
Import tariffs……… 
Create so much manufacturing that there is always a HELP WANTED sign on every building…..that automatically will raise the payscale. someonewhogrewupinsnow 
only way corporations return is a half way decent tax rate like other countries at around 15%. and rob is right ….here come the robots!! algol2000 
Companies will not return because of all the nonsense diversity laws. Companies succeed by hiring the best, not through quotas. K2 
What are those pl elaborate algol2000 
Diversity= spend hard earned resources looking for and hiring women, negros, homosexuals even though they were not the best-in-class. It sends a message to the population that meritocracy is dead, and all they have to do is look pretty. Don’t get me wrong, I am negro. K2 
Those laws have already been passed? gardeauxandrew 
The lowering of standards to pacify sure dumbs down Everyone in America and the world! mtntrek3 
I wish decent paying jobs would return, but…… . How to get past corporate greed. Push our wage scales down equal to cheap slave labor costs? Ha,that’s the ticket. This crap going on is sheer greed and power plays. Neither side politically has any real interest in reversing this trend. Trump……… well the day he puts his money where his mouth is and quits indulging in cheap overseas labor to make his clothing line among other things ( which won’t happen because he’s a part of the problem) is the day I would start believing him. He’s a corporate weasel like so many others. He panders to the working class to get votes. Then he’ll start his “utopia” as the full fledged dictator he is. I don’t like many if any of the jerks in politics. He’s a jerk of another kind. He wins the grand prize. Bill G Wilminton NC 
anti TPP (Trans Pacific Partnership) will propose Conserv to replace Scalia will rework Trade Deals Gatt Nafta Cafta will stop Muslim Immigration will send all Illegals Back will Build The Wall will try to bring manufacturing jobs back will have the boys shower with the boys will have the girls shower with the girls will have the men pee in the mens room will have the girls pee in the ladies room 
YUP TRUMP WINS THE GRAND PRIZE Gay Veteran 
you mean Scalia who gave us Citizens United and an oligarchy gardeauxandrew 
How do you know what Trump can do as President? You moron Americans were duped by the medias and Obama and look what he is doing making America the laughing stock of the world, weakening the military ,making America easy for terrorist attacks and making them untouchable like him because of the moron American who are coward to the race ,gay and now transgender cards and afraid to be offended, Americans stop Washington d.c. corruption and the medias and blind patriotism to a now more than ever corrupt Washington d.c. and the false mindset thant anything is too big to fail or fight . there are more taxpayers than corrupt politicians! Gay Veteran 
well we sure are paying a LOT for the bloated Pentagon Bill G Wilminton NC 
Robert… Trump can do anything with the HELP of God…… 
Had a guy like you once on my high school football team, he spoke just like you, rotten situation, other team too big, we cannot beat them, we will never win…..we locked him in one of the lockers and went out and WON. 
You need to see the inside of a locker and WE NEED TO PRAY…. 
Shalom df NJ 
I agree. If Trump brings back manufacturing he will become one of the most successful presidents in our history. I will vote for Trump over Hillary. I can’t stand her Nixon Republican policies and her graft to the Clinton foundation. Frankie 
She be THE most dangerous woman on the planet. I URGE all Americans to vote Donald Trump. ITSNOTWhatchaThink Bill G Wilminton NC 
Hillary The Benghazi Murderer !. 
“What difference does it make now” says it all !. Hillary statement at Benghazi hearing about the 4 dead marines and ambassador Stevens. 
Scum like this should be in a cell…. 
Hillary belongs in one house “The Jail House” Frankie 
VOTE TRUMP, DUMP THE HUMP HILLARY! ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
DUMP TRUMP YOU CHUMP!! Mr. Jameson 
You’re a CHUMP if you think Hitlery will do ANYTHING other than screw our country up worse. I am SO sick and tired of you libtard idiots who think Killary is great. You deserve the oven in your future if you vote for her. FOOL. BIG TEXAN 
Flower dude—-If you love your country your vote for Hildabeast will end the USA and you and yours will be hauled off to be murdered in a FEMA camp Bill G Wilminton NC 
YUP vote Trump put the BENGHAZI MURDERER in Jail. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
“House Republicans asserted the State Department knew immediately that the Benghazi attack was linked to a terrorist group and said there were 600 requests for additional security at the Benghazi compound. Mrs. Clinton said some of those requests were fulfilled, though most of those messages didn’t rise to her level and were handled by the department’s security professionals.” Hillary didn’t murder anyone. She could only know as much as she was informed. Bill G Wilminton NC 
There were special forces in Sicily and they could have been in Benghazi in 4 hours….the buck stops at the Secretary of State……Hillary might as well have shot that mortar on the Marines on that roof….. 
Hillary is The Benghazi Murderer…. 
VOTE TRUMP put Hillary in the Jail House not the White House. Gay Veteran 
vote for Killary and vote for more war, possible with Russia Bill G Wilminton NC 
Well said……it is duly noted that we are pushing in on Russia from all sides… NATO foremost…..but Russia is pecking back as in Jet fighters close flyovers of our naval ships. 
Its like the Russians are saying to us ” are you people nuts are you gonna force us to strike first ” but the american people are numb to reality. 
VOTE TRUMP he is a natural leader !!. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Hillary will win! Yeah! 😀 ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
You’re ridiculous. All Donald knows how to do is flip property, bankrupt businesses & spout his mouth. Frankie 
lmao Frankie 
And all your Hillary knows how to do is lie, cheat, scam the American people, illegally use private email for Government work, support terrorist groups, fund wars, supply arms, take $$$millions from large Corporations for “favours”, assist your President to engage in illegal wars with dubious allies, not to mention the very questionable Clinton Foundation. Oh and let’s not forget the Benghazi Murderer tag. Bahahahaaa yep, I’M the ridiculous one alright. Frankie 
And all Killer Clunton knows is how to keep America at war. Duh ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Hillary will win.. Hillary 2016! 😀 Bill G Wilminton NC 
Vote Trump he will put the BENGHAZI MURDERER in Jail. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
OldManBill, you just don’t take a hint Bill G Wilminton NC 
Try using your credit card maybe you could buy some upvotes……you just don’t take a hint. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
I know I’m on the board of foolish lil boys. I don’t expect much. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Like I have already said you are supporting a woman who wont even say the words ISLAMIC TERRORIST and she is running for president she should be told to step down . She is a disgrace. 
There are 50 sets of parents who would like to talk to hillary after the mothers of the 3 marines are finished with her…. 
After Trumps speech tomorrow nite maybe you ( Snotnose ) will be elected FOOL OF THE YEAR on this blog site…. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Media/politicians don’t blurt things the way you want them. They wait until they have facts before they run their mouth. You want BIGMOUTH Trump? You’ll be sorry. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Trump is the only one stating facts…..he has been telling everyone STOP the MUSLIMS from coming into OUR COUNTRY…. He has been saying this for months and months…… 
Hillary and the other scumbag obama cant even say ISLAMIC TERRORIST and obama calls ISIS ISIL…. The democratic party should demand that obama step down from the Presidency and Hillary should be replaced as the dem candidate. 
VOTE TRUMP the only one stating the facts !. CASTIEL 
If she wins better prepare your bunker Trump could have defects but she is the devil….how she will solve the situation in Ukraine and Syria and South China without starting a ww3? Because things are escalating to the worse.. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Stay with your foreign politics, foreigner. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Even the Foreigners Know that Hillary Belongs in Jail…… ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Foreign minorities here will vote Hillary. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Legal immigrants are tired of losing their jobs to ILLEGALS….so they are also voting for TRUMP. 
VOTE TRUMP put the HAG in JAIL ! ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Forget it Bill. You’re a sexist old chauvinist, but don’t condemn the country to a bombastic fool who has never governed. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Hillary is THE FOOL… she and the other scumbag “obama” wont even say ISLAMIC TERRORIST….well Omar ” the Muslim ” the Orlando shooter claims ISIS connections. Omar knows he was a Muslim Terrorist the only one who doesnt know is HILLARY. 
The bombastic fool is Hillary and the mothers of those 3 marines would sure like to talk to hillary ” The Big Fat As*ed Fool” with the $15,000 jacket to cover that fat butt. 
Tomorro nite Trump has scheduled a speech and after that speech I wouldnt be surprised if You and Hillary and all you Hillary Fools arn’t run out of town on the brooms you flew in on…..whoosh cackle cackle cackle….good riddance ! CASTIEL 
When ww3 begins no one will be foreigner…….tell your politics OBAMA and that slut Hillary if she wins to stay to the politics of their country instead of causing chaos around the world……idiot ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Asshole, Trump would be the soonest one to start ww3 CASTIEL 
From what i read in the news….Trump is against the sanctions to Russia and want better relations with that country and Hillary said once that Iran should be nuked….nuked????So idiot you are going to do the same mistake when you voted OBAMA? a wolf dressed as a sheep. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Trump is a political NOBODY. He has never done a political thing in his life other than run for president. You’re EFFIN STUPID CASTIEL 
Political things? society dont need politicals but real leaders…..so you want someone who have experience in steal and lie to the people? you are really dumb….Like those German idiots who voted Merkel that defend the invasion of these muslims….you are going to vote for hillary because she is the first women with chances for the Presidency …like you voted in Obama because he was the first black in the white house….thinking that will cause any change….your stupidity have no limits. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
You and the lil boys don’t like her, but she’s a proven effective leader w/realms of knowledge on political workings far beyond Trump. Stop being a moron. CASTIEL 
She is a warmonger…she will start a ww3…politicians dont know nothing about war…they think its just a game to gain some money until the day they encounter a strongh opponent..political knowledge is irrelevant….JFK was a great President not because of his political experience but yes by his beliefs thats why he was killed…Nowadays they are all pupets and corrupt…dont you understand? its irrelevant….. Bill G Wilminton NC 
HILLARY the MURDERER needs to be in a JAIL HOUSE not the White House !. 
“What difference does it make now” says Hillary about the three dead Marines and Ambassador Stevens at BENGHAZI. 
HILLARY FOR JAILHOUSE 2016 !. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
“House Republicans assert the State Department knew immediately that the Benghazi attack was linked to a terrorist group and said there were 600 requests for additional security at the Benghazi compound. Mrs. Clinton said some of those requests were fulfilled, though most of those messages didn’t rise to her level and were handled by the department’s security professionals.” Hillary didn’t murder anyone. She could only know as much as she was informed. Bill G Wilminton NC 
BENGHAZI MURDERER belongs in Jail House not White House. BIG TEXAN 
Your vote for Hildabeast will result in you and your family dead in a FEMA camp!!!! If your side wins you will end at the hand of the Gov you voted for —poetic justice ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Trump has no government experience. He succeeded by bankrupting companies. Bill G Wilminton NC 
VOTE TRUMP he has NO GOVERNMENT experience !. sistersoldier 
You know who else has no previous government experience? Governor Bruce Rauner of Illinois. That is working out great! (facetious). However I do not support Hillary either I think America needs a leader and not a repeater. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
Hillary will win! 😀 She may not be popular on this board, but the type that habitates this board is happily a minority. Bill G Wilminton NC 
YUP she is not popular on this board and not popular with the mothers of the three Marines she left to DIE on that roof. 
PUT THE BENGHAZI MURDERER IN JAIL !. ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
“House Republicans asserted the State Department knew immediately that the Benghazi attack was linked to a terrorist group and said there were 600 requests for additional security at the Benghazi compound. Mrs. Clinton said some of those requests were fulfilled, though most of those messages didn’t rise to her level and were handled by the department’s security professionals.” Hillary didn’t murder anyone. She could only know as much as she was informed. Frankie 
She’s far from popular outside of America…MURDERESS!!! ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
How much prior political experience does Trump have? NADA!!! ZIP!!!! ZILCH!!! ZERO!!! He talks the talk, but never walked the walk. But hey.. it’s only THE PRESIDENCY! Maybe next we’ll grab people off the street w/no medical training to do surgery! 
Neither did Ulysses Grant or Dwight Eisenhower have a prior politcal position, though both had a strong military background. Dwight being ” The Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in World War II” and Grant “Commanding General of the United States Army” How much military background does Trump have? NADA!!! ZIP!!!! ZILCH!!! ZERO!!! 
“no major U.S. company has filed for Chapter 11 more than Trump’s casino empire in the last 30 years.” He has filed four business bankruptcies. Maybe he thinks it’s just as easy to file bankruptcy w/the entire government and walk away. Bill G Wilminton NC 
VOTE TRUMP….He is not a TRAITOR POLITICIAN !. 
POLITICIANS put us 20 trillion in DEBT !. gfmucci 
And “political experience” is good how? WeRThrough 
Please tell us what “experience” the current monkey in power had? Oh and while you are at it, please list his accomplishments besides the implosion of this country. RedSky 
Just one thing, how can you bring manufacturing back when the demand globally has fallen off the charts? This is not just a problem here, it is everywhere on the planet. Trump does have a better handle on what is going on for sure but I doubt he will be able to fix it but anything is better than “Billary” where we will see more war on innocent people. autofixer 
Just a note. Manufacturing IS returning to the U.S., it has been. The problem is that it is returning to automated (robotic) factories. It turns out Mexicans and Chinese are cheaper than North Americans, yet robots are even cheaper than Mexicans or Chinese. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Autofixer Good point…. but there are still manufacturing operations with water fountains for people…..take Carrier Airconditioner who employed 1400 people…. they just recently up and moved to Mexico along with Nabisco and Ford…. 
Trump as a kick butt leader will figure a way to claw them back plus thousands more…….that is what ya get as a businessman as President vs some corrupt Polititical hack loser like Hillary. 
Vote Trump ITSNOTWhatchaThink 
To show you what a DIMWIT NAIVE LIL RICH BOY Trump is.. “Donald Trump says Orlando victims could have saved themselves if they were armed” Omar was armed with AR-15 type assault gun which fires 30 rounds a minute. Could you imagine being close enough in a crowded chaotic dance bar to take him out within 2 minutes? That’s your IDIOT BOY talking!!! Bill G Wilminton NC 
Trump is the only candidate who spoke about stopping the Muslim immigration !. Hillary wants a 500 % increase in Muslim immigration. 
And being armed is becoming a NECESSITY… going to a drinking/dancing establishment is not !. Niteclubs are just bars and it is not permissible to bring a weapon so the muslim freak goes to a GUN FREE ZONE. 
Hillary for the first time today used the words “Islamic Terrorism”….obama still has not used this term. Hillary and obama blame the attack on GUNS. 
VOTE TRUMP and keep your guns oiled, loaded and ready and remember Hillary wants your guns and wants Muslim immigration increased. gfmucci",0
5458,Pro-Trump Rallies Across America Stand up to Violence - Breitbart,"Rallies in support of President Donald Trump took place across America this weekend in a show of support for the new administration’s   agenda. [In many places,     resorted to violence. Media outlets, however, suggested inaccurately that the protests were an outgrowth of the   protests themselves.    demonstrations were held in cities across the country, including New York, Washington, San Diego, Palm Beach, Nashville, Lansing, and Minnesota. Most rallies went forward without disruption, apart from in Berkeley, California, where   anarchists became violent after holding a  . Ten people were arrested in scenes reminiscent of protests at UC Berkeley against former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos’s talk, while an elderly man could be seen lying in agony after being   by the anarchists. Fighting is spreading to the streets in Berkeley. This isn’t a Trump rally anymore. It’s the anarchists. pic. twitter.   —   Lizzie Johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) March 4, 2017,  Violence also ensued at a rally in Minnesota, where 400 Trump supporters rallied around the state capitol rotunda in St. Paul, before being accosted by an    . According to the Minnesota Star Tribune, the conflict led to scuffles, and six   were arrested. WATCH: ’March 4 Trump’ participants and counterprotesters engage in dueling chants at MN Capitol rotunda https:  .   —   KSTP (@KSTP) March 4, 2017,  In New York, around 200 people demonstrated their support for the president in front of Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan. Photos: Trump Supporters Rally at Trump Tower In Support Of President And Against ’Seditious Fringe’ https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   New York City News (@NewYorkCityOBN) March 5, 2017,  Meanwhile, in Washington D. C, around 150 Trump supporters marched from the Washington Monument to Lafayette Square. This handsome guy speaking at the #march4trump rally in Washington DC. I’m one lucky girl! 😘 @DustinStockton pic. twitter.   —   Jennifer Lawrence (@JenLawrence21) March 4, 2017,  In Nashville, Tennesse, a huge crowd turned out at Legislative Plaza as part of the Spirit of America, with rally organizer Mark Skoda telling Breitbart News that the crowd size was estimated at 2, 000 people. Huge Crowd at Nashville Spirit of America Rally in Support of President Trump https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Patricia Miler (@PatriciaMiler1) March 5, 2017,  In Palm Beach, Florida, the president’s motorcade was stopped by dozens of supporters, with Trump stepping outside the vehicle to greet them. President Trump stops by #March4Trump Rally Outside Palm Beach #PeoplesPresident pic. twitter.   —   Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 4, 2017,  Supporters in Lansing, Michigan, turned out in their hundreds. Donald Trump was the first Republican to win the state of Michigan since George H. W Bush in 1988, defeating Hillary Clinton in the tightest race in state’s electoral history. Pro Trump rally in Lansing Michigan. pic. twitter.   —   #ObamaGate (@lisafedup) March 4, 2017,  Over 200 Trump supporters also rallied in downtown San Diego. #NEWS President Donald Trump Supporters Rally in San Diego  —   NBC 7 San Diego https:  .  #RT pic. twitter.   —   Political Informant (@ThePolinformant) March 5, 2017,  On Sunday evening, Donald Trump thanked supporters for the “tremendous support” he had received throughout the weekend. Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 5, 2017,  You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5459,Hayward: 9 Vital Principles for Obamacare Repeal - Breitbart,"Republican leaders are trying to line up votes for another Obamacare repeal bill, with a vote possibly coming later this week. It’s also possible the new repeal effort will collapse, sending legislators back to the drawing board. Here are some principles to keep in mind, based on what Republicans have been saying to their constituents since 2010, and what happened when they made their first run at repeal in 2017. [Take your time: Congressional Republicans and the White House have already paid the political price for the failure of their first repeal effort. They bought themselves time, which they should invest wisely. Granted, something needs to be done before the insurance industry implodes completely, but there is enough time to craft a good bill.   It’s also important to take the time needed to sell the bill, to both legislators and their constituents. President Obama put a great deal of effort behind the politics of pushing Obamacare through. He lost interest in managing the program after it passed, leading to the inexcusable launch debacle, but no one can fault him for a lack of hard work and careful preparation in guiding the Affordable Care Act through Congress. The American people should be brought on board with a combination of fearless, trenchant criticism of Obamacare plus touting the benefits of the repeal bill. The previous effort had all the energy and enthusiasm of a petulant child reluctantly taking his medicine. Sure, everything Obama and his cronies said about the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010 was a lie, but they lied with vigor and conviction.  Conservatives mock Big Government leftists for their arrogance, and for appalling results that make a mockery of their unjustified sense of superiority, but one should never underestimate the appeal of the moral conviction that animates the Left. They’re absolutely convinced they are doing the right thing  —   they will occasionally dip a toe into religious rhetoric and claim they’re doing the Lord’s work  —   and anyone who opposes them is a monster.  Conversely, congressional Republicans and the Trump White House displayed no air of conviction during the first Obamacare repeal debacle. They acted like they were checking off a box on a   list. They looked insincere. It brought the party some   ribbing for never being serious about its copious promises to repeal Obamacare over the ears, or the many phony bills they sacrificed to Obama’s veto pen.  Time and political effort are needed to lay the groundwork for a repeal bill the public will take seriously. Democrats will act like crusading heroes trying to prevent the selfish Republicans from killing poor people by taking away their health care. Conviction and moral preening will come easily to the other side. If Republicans can’t muster a comparable level of moral authority, they might as well skip a political battle they are destined to lose. Part of the price paid for the hasty initial effort to repeal Obamacare was a significant slide in GOP poll numbers on health care a slide helped along by   theatrics at town hall meetings. Efforts by political action groups to pressure Republican legislators into climbing back aboard the repeal train are misguided. Pressure the Democrats, make recalcitrant Republicans feel like this is a fight they can win, and they’ll get back on board. Promote the free market and attack collectivism: One of the big problems with that first doomed effort is that it conceded too many vital arguments about health insurance reform to the Democrats. The most crucial of these arguments is the false belief that insurance (and medicine itself) cannot be entrusted to the free market. This contention is the gateway on the road that leads inexorably to the eternal hell of   nationalized medicine. Most Republicans love to talk about the superior efficiency of the free market at allocating resources, and the moral superiority of free capitalist choices over collectivist solutions imposed by force. Sadly, that conviction tends to evaporate when leftists start yelling about how conservatives enjoy killing people by taking away their “free” benefits. Conceding the point that   capitalism is cruel and mercilessly exploitative is dangerous, and will presage the loss of much more than the freedom to buy decent insurance at reasonable prices. The Left uses healthcare as its wedge issue to indict freedom as cruelty because it knows people have strong emotional responses to the prospect of poor and sick people “left to die. ” It knows the public believes everyone involved in medicine and health insurance is making obscene profits. It knows few voters truly understand medical science. They’re understandably afraid of getting sick, and they find the huge and complex medical industry incomprehensible. They don’t understand why a tiny little pill, or half an hour of a doctor’s time, has to cost so much. The crucial weakness of healthcare capitalism, exploited relentlessly by the Left, is that people don’t view medicine as a commodity. They think it should be immune to the laws of supply and demand because everyone needs it. Paying for medical treatment is not celebrated as scoring a hot deal for a great product, the way people think of purchasing retail goods, even really expensive items like houses and cars. Buying medicine feels more like losing a bet, getting penalized, adding the insult of medical bills to the injury of sickness. People have been persuaded not to view health insurance as a commodity, either. No one really enjoys “shopping for a good deal” in health insurance, because they don’t understand the complexities of the industry, let alone the complexities of the medical treatment paid for by insurance plans. (It’s interesting that the Affordable Care Act hucksters felt the need to weave capitalist language about freedom of choice and a positive Obamacare “shopping” experience into their pitch, risibly comparing the ACA web exchanges to shopping at Amazon. com. They know it’s important to flatter Americans’ vestigial appreciation for free markets, even as they plot to subvert and destroy them.) One of the most effective arguments against those who insist healthcare is a “right” that should be provided for “free” or at heavily subsidized prices by the State, is to ask them why the even more universally essential need for food should not be satisfied the same way. They never have a good answer for why food shouldn’t be provided by the government, even though most people need food even more urgently than medicine or health insurance. The reason for their silence is the lingering   fear that voters know exactly what happens when governments handle food distribution. Nobody wants to schlep to a grim   food dispensary to wander among bare shelves with ration card in hand.  And yet, that’s precisely what is happening to health insurance under Obamacare. We didn’t get a rainbow of choices between competitive plans at great prices. We’ve got insurers bailing out of the market left and right, leaving effective monopolies in some areas. Prices are way up, and quality is down. Only lavish subsidies hide the real price of Obamacare insurance plans  …     turning   Americans into welfare dependents in the process. Fight for capitalism and free markets, Republicans. Show people that you truly understand and believe in their power and righteousness. Healthcare and insurance were ripened for takeover by decades of Big Government meddling to drive up prices, separating buyers from providers with layers of bureaucracy. Reverse that process, let honest competition bring prices down for everyone, and then make reasonable accommodations for the small number of truly needy customers who cannot afford even those low prices. Shift the political center of gravity: Ever since the Tea Party wave election in 2010, pundits have debated the political wisdom of Obamacare. Democrats paid an enormous political price in 2010, 2014, and arguably 2016 for passing the bill, but they also got something in return for that price. It was no small achievement: they might have changed the relationship between American citizens and their government forever. Obamacare extended government control over a major sector of the U. S. economy, gobbling up student loans along the way. As noted above, it has turned a vast swath of the middle class into welfare dependents, which gives the Party of the State future leverage over their votes. The loss of essential insurance subsidies can and will be used as a threat against voters who dare to call for smaller government. The first dollar of spending cuts will be portrayed as coming out of insurance subsidies, much as we currently hear that the first dollar of spending cuts means cops, teachers, firefighters, and paramedics will get pink slips. Obamacare is the largest single step the Left has ever taken towards its dream of total control over medicine, forever. Countries with socialized health care tend not to have significant “conservative” parties, in any sense Americans of 2008 or earlier would recognize. When the State controls the very health of its citizens, nationalizing the vast amount of money and authority represented by the medical community, it no longer has any reason to fear the wrath of those citizens.  We’re getting a taste of that right now with the Obamacare repeal drama. The Affordable Care Act may have been unpopular throughout its life, but it commands more than enough money and influence to defend itself.  Was all of that worth Democrats losing the House and Senate for a few years, especially when the Republican majorities were mostly occupied with trying to slow Barack Obama’s roll? Was it worth the surprising loss of the White House to Donald Trump? If the Republicans still can’t repeal the ACA even with the House, Senate, and White House, the price that will be extracted from them by angry and dismayed GOP voters will offset some of the Democrats’ losses. The Democrats lost their entire   wing under Obama, dragging the party far to the Left. It’s much too early to judge whether that was a bug in the Obamacare program, or a feature, especially since they dragged a good deal of the electorate to the Left in their wake. They reasonably hope they moved the “Overton window of political possibility” permanently, while their electoral setbacks will eventually be reversed. Democrats did something big with Obamacare and paid a big price. That’s a strategy likely to achieve   success against opponents who only pay small prices to accomplish small things. This is not just a policy argument, but a clash of philosophies. If the GOP tinkers with a few policy details while leaving the core philosophy behind Obamacare intact, any victory they might claim will prove to be  . Don’t become accomplices to Obamacare: Ever since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Democrats have been desperate to get some Republican fingerprints on it. They love to complain about Republican resistance to the Obama agenda as the driving force behind Obamacare’s failure, but that’s a smokescreen to distract the American people from the cold, hard truth that it’s a 100 percent Democrat program. If Republicans cave into Democrat pressure to “fix” the Affordable Care Act, they will instantly become full partners in its failure. Contrary to what some of the squishier Republicans might be thinking, that will not make Democrats less likely to blame them for everything that goes wrong with health care. Quite the reverse. Future political campaigns will be fought over which party is a better steward for the   corporatist health insurance industry that both parties ratified. Republicans are not likely to win that argument, and they’ll have a hard time resisting Democrat pressure to expand the system they signed on to. Don’t be intimidated by factoids about people “losing insurance”: When Barack Obama told the biggest lie in modern political history  —   “If you like your plan, you can keep your plan”  —   his primary goal was to falsely portray the Affordable Care Act as a voluntary program. He boasted the program would be such a huge success that Americans would voluntarily abandon their     plans and buy his plans instead. He promised better quality at lower prices. Obama’s big fib had a secondary purpose  —   he needed to conceal how many people would lose their insurance under his plan. Millions of people lost their insurance plans because of the Affordable Care Act. Quite a few people have lost more than one insurance plan because of   disruptions to the market since 2010.  The total number of lost plans is hotly debated, but it surely compares to phony Democrat talking points about how many Americans would supposedly lose coverage under current repeal proposals. It’s not reasonable to assume that all of those losses would be catastrophic and permanent, any more than it is reasonable to say Obamacare’s destroyed insurance plans don’t count at all because most of those people eventually found other coverage. Democrats claim the number of people who lost insurance under the Affordable Care Act is irrelevant because most of them ended up buying new (and very often worse) plans to replace their lost coverage. Senator Ted Cruz ( ) once compared this to vandals smashing windows, offering to sell replacement windows to their victims, and bragging about the high volume of window sales under their business model. The same is true of any Obamacare repeal proposal  —   most of the people who “lose” insurance will obtain new plans, and if the free market is allowed to function properly, those plans will be cheaper and better. Republicans should always and everywhere push back against the false narrative that insurance lost under Obamacare doesn’t count because most of the losses were temporary, but only insurance that might be lost under repeal proposals counts, and all of those losses must be treated as permanent.  If that ridiculous argument isn’t killed during the Obamacare repeal debate, reformers will face a new version of it every time they attempt to scale back any government program. It’s a key element of the “progressive” strategy to ensure that ground seized by the State is never returned to the people.  Another aspect of that strategy is the notion that only benefits provided or subsidized by the government really count. Expecting people to pay for their own stuff is tantamount to “denying them access” to whatever progressives think they have a “right” to. This new ideological weapon was rolled out in a big way during the 2012 presidential campaign, but many Republicans seem to have missed its significance or dismissed the “paying for my own contraceptives = oppression” argument as too silly to merit a response.  They were wrong, and if they don’t persuade voters to resume viewing health insurance as a market commodity instead of a “right” that should be administered by the sacred temples of the holy State, they’re going to have a hard time restoring what the Obama Democrats took away from the private sector. Bring back   analysis: Politicians are eternally at war with two key economic concepts: the law of supply and demand, and   analysis. In their daily lives, people understand that costs are important, even when a particular good or service is highly desirable. Politicians specialize in making them forget such common sense, stampeding voters into agreeing that certain goals are so righteous or urgent that cost is irrelevant. Those who ask hard questions about the cost or wastefulness of sacred government programs are denounced as heartless penny pinchers.  It matters very much that Obamacare is absurdly expensive and wasteful. That’s real money being siphoned from our productive private economy and thrown around by the bureaucracy. A repeal plan that saves American taxpayers billions of dollars is a good thing and should be promoted to the people who pay all those taxes, insurance premiums, and deductibles as such. During the previous Obamacare repeal effort, the Congressional Budget Office said the repeal bill would increase the number of people without health insurance by 24 million while saving $337 billion. Cries of “24 million people will lose insurance under the GOP plan!” were highly dishonest  —   that’s not actually what CBO said  —   but just for the sake of argument, divide $337 billion by 24 million people and you come up with over $14, 000 a head. That doesn’t speak well of Obamacare’s cost efficiency, does it?  The amount paid per individual “helped” by the Affordable Care Act is ludicrous. Republicans should never tire of pointing that out. Using the free market to make insurance and medicine more affordable for everyone, and then spending more modest sums to help the needy obtain those reasonably priced goods, is far more efficient than a bloated,   government control scheme, and it’s far more respectful of our money and freedom to boot. Attack the core rationales of Obamacare: Speaking of   analysis, one of the core rationales for the Affordable Care Act  —   almost the only convincing point in its favor, for many average Americans  —   was the argument that uninsured people still receive health care for free at hospitals, because they are not allowed to turn sick people away. The rest of us were supposedly paying an exorbitant cost for this “ ” through taxes and higher insurance premiums. Imposing a government regulatory scheme that forces everyone to buy insurance makes sense to many   Americans, at least in theory. The Obama White House described   as a “hidden tax” of at least $1, 000 a year on every American insurance customer. How else could we possibly alleviate the   crisis, without tossing uninsured sick people onto the streets? Versions of this argument are heard to this very day, even though Obamacare supposedly “fixed” the   problem  —   that was one of its primary objectives, along with ensuring access to insurance for people with   conditions, who are guaranteed   that callous insurance companies would rather not cover at reasonable prices. Neither one of those core issues was remotely as serious as Democrats made them out to be, and Obamacare is not the optimal means of addressing either. This is partly a matter of   analysis: total up the time and money spent on Obamacare compliance, divide by the number of people who were truly   by   insurance, and you could afford to not only cover those peoples’ insurance needs but buy each one of them a   car. Research produced late in the Obamacare debate showed that   was never as big of a problem as we were led to believe  —   certainly not a $1, 000 secret tax, or a problem big enough to justify the costs in dollars and liberty imposed by the Affordable Care Act. It was easy for Democrats to exaggerate the size of the problem because the insurance industry and its lobbyists have always pushed   mythology as a convenient excuse for high insurance premiums. Everyone involved in dumping Obamacare on us knew   was a seemingly logical argument they could sell to a vast number of moderate voters. It was even invoked as an argument in favor of preserving the individual mandate before the Supreme Court. There are much less expensive and intrusive ways we could address the problem  —   and frankly, Obamacare isn’t really addressing it, because reports from the Obama Administration itself found uninsured visits to hospital emergency rooms had scarcely been reduced at all. One of the big reasons for that is something Democrats are extremely reluctant to talk about: a great deal of the   burden comes from illegal immigrants. Another reason is that even people who have insurance will rush to the emergency room instead of waiting for their   doctors to become available. Republicans should mercilessly hammer the fact that Obamacare did very little to address one of the key arguments presented in its favor. Also, zero in on the fact that much of the “increased coverage” provided by Obamacare is really coming from Medicaid, and speak fearlessly about the problems facing that program  —   from fiscal crises to the poor access to doctors it offers many enrollees. Point out that if Democrats wanted to radically expand Medicaid, they should have honestly discussed it with the American people in 2009 and 2010, rather than hiding behind the smokescreen of private insurance reform. Covering people with   conditions is a much more complicated issue. Again, it’s popular with Americans because they think it just doesn’t make sense to leave people with serious health conditions without access to affordable insurance  —   even though selling coverage to people who are guaranteed to generate more costs than income doesn’t really fit the logical definition of “insurance. ”  Be honest with the American people: We ought to be more focused on securing affordable health care for patients with   conditions, instead of cramming them into the same market that sells bona fide “insurance” against the risk of illness and injury to healthy customers. Forcing insurance companies to cover the cost of care for customers with existing conditions, and allowing them to recoup those costs through a mixture of taxpayer subsidies and higher premiums for everyone else, is a far more serious “ ” problem than the one employed as a sales pitch for Obamacare. Republican reformers should stress the need for more honesty in our opaque and confusing medical and insurance systems, which became even more opaque under Obama’s plan. The true costs of medicine are more obscure than ever to average consumers, and the network of shifted and hidden costs to cover them is more complex. Be honest about the needs of people with   conditions, and healthy people who can’t afford even the inexpensive coverage that true market competition will provide.  Present the taxpayers with a clean, understandable invoice for handling the needs of those people, in the most streamlined and efficient manner possible, with the lowest bureaucratic overhead. Don’t fumble around with schemes to give them “insurance”  —   worry about the medical care they need, and how our society can best provide it. Let the cost be spread thin, fair, and clear among us all.  We’ll pay it. If there’s one thing polls have proven beyond question, it’s that Americans do not want sick people to lack adequate care, or be financially ruined by paying for it. The political class needs to stop dreaming up elegant schemes to pick our pockets and line the pockets of their cronies. Just give us an honest, efficient plan to do what the American people have clearly stated they want to do. Don’t be afraid to take a few hits: Those who cringe at the first sign of a raised fist rarely win fights. The previous repeal effort would have given us Obamacare Lite, and yet its authors and supporters were still excoriated as inhuman monsters by the Left, their modest restructuring of the Affordable Care Act depicted as a plot to murder the poor.  This should serve as yet another lesson  —   why are any more needed?  —   that no matter what Republicans do, they’ll be hit with a cyclone of hysterical   attacks by the Left, especially in the current hyperventilating “Resistance” political environment.  That means even the smallest reform will carry much the same political price as a major overhaul. So why not swing for the fences and do something truly meaningful? Why shouldn’t the GOP focus on giving its voters what they want, instead of worrying about tantrums from the people who lost the last election? Why make deals to appease an opposition that cannot be appeased? Republican strategists should be able to learn a lot by studying the last repeal battle. It should be easy to anticipate Democrat and media lines of attack against a bold repeal plan. Be ready for those attacks with sharp responses, focused on selling the GOP plan to voters who clearly believe Obamacare isn’t the best way to handle health insurance. Be prepared to shoot down misleading factoids and relentlessly hammer everything people don’t like about the   insurance landscape.  Repetition is your friend, Republicans  —   look at how relentlessly Democrats jackhammered away at every weak spot in the health care system when they were laying the groundwork for passing the Affordable Care Act. (Of course, they were well prepared for the effort because many of those weaknesses were deliberately created by government regulations over a span of decades  —   the Left was hitting weak spots it had long ago created.)",0
5460,Spanish Court Clears Priest in Abuse Case Taken Up by Pope Francis - The New York Times,"Ending a sexual abuse case in which Pope Francis intervened three years ago, a Spanish court on Tuesday cleared a parish priest in Granada who had been accused of molesting an altar boy. The court found no evidence that the Rev. Román Martínez had sexually abused one of his former altar boys more than a decade ago. An investigation began after David Ramírez Castillo wrote to Pope Francis in 2014, detailing the sexual abuse that he said he and others suffered repeatedly when they were teenagers at the hands of a group of priests led by Father Martínez. Pope Francis phoned Mr. Ramírez Castillo and urged him to pursue his complaints. The pope also ordered a church investigation into the case, demanding complete transparency. In an   ruling, the court said it had exonerated Father Martínez not only because of the lack of evidence against him but also because the testimony of Mr. Ramírez Castillo included elements that were “completely implausible. ” The court listed several events and details provided by Mr. Ramírez Castillo that could not be corroborated or proved false. For instance, there was no birthmark on Father Martínez’s genitals, contrary to what Mr. Ramírez Castillo had claimed. The priest’s lawyer, Javier Muriel, said the verdict showed the case was based on lies. “It is easy to make an accusation of pedophilia, a crime that happens in privacy and in which the testimony of the victim is really the only proof,” Mr. Muriel said. Mr. Ramírez Castillo and his lawyer did not immediately respond to emails seeking comment. The case could still be appealed to the Spanish Supreme Court. The archdiocese of Granada welcomed the ruling on Tuesday. In a statement, it noted “the suffering that this case has caused, within the diocese but in reality within the whole church. ”",0
5461,"John D. Loudermilk, Who Wrote ‘Tobacco Road’ and ‘Indian Reservation,’ Dies at 82 - The New York Times","John D. Loudermilk, a country singer and prolific songwriter whose dozens of hits in the 1960s and ’70s included “Tobacco Road” by the Nashville Teens, “Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye” by the Casinos and “Indian Reservation” by Paul Revere and the Raiders, died on Wednesday at his home in Christiana, Tenn. He was 82. His death was announced on Facebook by the songwriter Bobby Braddock, a friend. The cause was a heart attack, said his son Mike. As Johnny Dee, Mr. Loudermilk made several records in a soft rockabilly style in the 1950s, but he found his niche after George Hamilton IV recorded his teen lament “A Rose and a Baby Ruth” in 1956 and Eddie Cochran scored his first solid hit with a cover of Mr. Loudermilk’s “Sittin’ in the Balcony” a year later. After moving to Nashville from his native North Carolina, he came under the wing of the producer and guitar virtuoso Chet Atkins. He soon joined the powerful publishing company   and began turning out songs in every style: the perky pop of “Norman” (1961) for Sue Thompson the mournful ballad “Ebony Eyes” for the Everly Brothers” (1961) and the loping western style of “Abilene” (1963) written with Bob Gibson and others, which became Mr. Hamilton’s biggest hit. Mr. Loudermilk drew on his   childhood in Durham, N. C. for “Tobacco Road,” which he recorded in 1960. It became a Top 20 hit for the British invasion group the Nashville Teens in 1964 and was later recorded by dozens of other artists, including the Jefferson Airplane, Eric Burdon and War, the Blues Magoos and David Lee Roth. “Indian Reservation,” first recorded by Marvin Rainwater in 1959 as “The Pale Faced Indian,” told the story, in impassioned terms, of the forced removal of Cherokee Indians from the southeastern United States to Oklahoma in the 1830s. As “Indian Reservation (The Lament of the Cherokee Reservation Indian),” it became a Top 20 hit for the British singer Don Fardon in 1968 and a No. 1 hit for Paul Revere and the Raiders in 1971. Mr. Loudermilk, who enjoyed telling a good story, convinced the D. J. Casey Kasem that he had been inspired to write the song when he was stranded by the roadside during a blizzard and a mysterious Cherokee chief, Bloody Bear Tooth, led him to safety and asked him to tell the rest of the world, in song, of the sufferings of his people. Mr. Kasem repeated the tale on his radio program “American Top 40,” giving it currency. In a wink to record buyers, Mr. Loudermilk added “P. S. My regards to Bloody Bear Tooth” on the sleeve of his 1971 album “Volume 1: Elloree. ” John D. Loudermilk, whose middle initial did not stand for anything, was born in Durham on March 31, 1934. His father, also named John D. was an illiterate carpenter. His mother, Pauline, was a homemaker and Salvation Army missionary. He was a cousin of Ira and Charlie Loudermilk, known professionally as the country music duo the Louvin Brothers. When John was 7, his father made him a ukulele from a cigar box and his mother taught him to play it. He soon learned, in addition to guitar, an assortment of instruments, which he played in a Salvation Army band. By his early teens, he had appeared on local radio and television stations. While attending the University of North Carolina, in Chapel Hill, Mr. Loudermilk discovered the work of Kahlil Gibran and began writing poems, one of which, “A Rose and a Baby Ruth,” he set to music. The Durham television station where he worked as a set painter and member of the house band let him play it on air. Mr. Hamilton, visiting the station, heard it and recorded it for Colonial, a label based in Chapel Hill. Mr. Loudermilk joined the label, for which he recorded “Sittin’ in the Balcony” in 1957 and, as the lead singer of Ebe Sneezer and His Epidemics, the comedy song “Asiatic Flu. ”  After Mr. Cochran’s success with “Sittin’ in the Balcony,” Mr. Loudermilk dropped out of college and moved to Nashville, where he recorded just one Top 40 song, “Language of Love” (1961). But he made an immediate impact there as a songwriter. With Kitty Wells and Roy Bodkin, he wrote the 1959 country hit “Amigo’s Guitar,” performed by Ms. Wells. That year, Stonewall Jackson scored the biggest hit of his career with “Waterloo,” by Mr. Loudermilk and Marijohn Wilkin. His many hits included “Sad Movies (Make Me Cry),” written for Sue Thompson and recorded by her in 1961. It was inspired, he said, by a woman who cried at the end of the movie “Spartacus. ” He supplied Ms. Thompson with yet another hit in “Paper Tiger” (1964). Mr. Loudermilk’s “Talk Back Trembling Lips” became a country hit for Ernest Ashworth in 1963 and a pop hit the same year for Johnny Tillotson. A striking example of the adaptability of his songs was “Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye,” recorded by the Cincinnati   group the Casinos and translated into an urbane Nashville idiom by Eddy Arnold a year later. Mr. Loudermilk was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1976. In the 1980s, he turned his attention to the study of ethnomusicology and indulging his passion for sailing and chasing hurricanes. His first marriage ended in divorce. In addition to his son Mike, he is survived by two other children from his first marriage, Rick and John, and by his wife, the former Susan Chollette. “I’m looking for the most different thing I can find,” Mr. Loudermilk told The Tennessean of Nashville in 1961 in a discussion of his songwriting style. “Everybody’s writing ‘I love you truly.’ You’ve got to find something new. I talk to drunks at the bus station, browse through kiddie books at the public library, get phrases from college kids and our babysitter. You’ve got to be looking all the time. ”",0
5462,"James O’Neill, Officer Since 1983, Will Step Into Police Dept.’s Top Job - The New York Times","For months, Chief James P. O’Neill was the man in the blue uniform with four gold stars standing, shoulders square, just behind Police Commissioner William J. Bratton in his pressed suits and Hermès ties. On Tuesday, Chief O’Neill stepped to the center: Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that he would become the next commissioner of the New York Police Department after Mr. Bratton steps down next month. The   uniformed officer in the department, Chief O’Neill, 58, has become an increasingly familiar face on the local news, around the city and at City Hall, ready at news conferences and in private meetings with answers for his boss or the mayor. They often summon him with a familiar call, using just his first name. “I always call him Jimmy,” Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat, said while inviting him to the lectern on Tuesday. Chief O’Neill began his career in 1983, in the old Transit Police, and is steeped in the city’s policing culture. Yet as Mr. de Blasio took office vowing to reform many embattled and longstanding police practices, such as stop, question and frisk, Chief O’Neill was also among those eager to embrace change, spearheading the department’s effort at a new incarnation of neighborhood policing. “I know exactly how valuable and how fragile it is at times, this relationship between law enforcement and the community actually is,” he said on Tuesday at the City Hall announcement. “This is truly a shared effort and shared responsibility. ” It was Chief O’Neill who sent a team of officers to Los Angeles to study that city’s community policing program, which influenced the plans the New York Police Department was developing to foster better   relations. He has been at the helm in overseeing security planning for major events, like the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly and the visit last year of Pope Francis. For months, Chief O’Neill’s public profile has been growing as Mr. Bratton appeared to be grooming him to be the face of the department. The two men met in 1990, when Mr. Bratton came to New York from Boston to take over the Transit Police and Mr. O’Neill was a young supervisor running its video unit. Mr. Bratton used the unit to hone his image within the department, producing videos for the rank and file, and producing commercials and public service messages for the public. When Mr. Bratton returned and was reunited with Mr. O’Neill, it was a reunion of mutual benefit. After languishing for nearly a decade as a deputy chief under Raymond W. Kelly, the commissioner at the time, Chief O’Neill was promoted twice in short order by Mr. Bratton, first to chief of patrol and then to chief of department. It was a remarkable career turn for Chief O’Neill, who had been pushed out of his post as the commander of the department’s narcotics operations after an internal sting operation found officers paying informants with drugs. Chief O’Neill was one of several commanders transferred amid the scandal, which led prosecutors to dismiss many cases involving the officers implicated. The last two years have been quite different. Commissioner Bratton and Chief O’Neill have enjoyed a warm relationship, with Mr. Bratton occasionally teasing Chief O’Neill at news conferences. Those lighter moments  —   including on Tuesday when Mr. Bratton ribbed Chief O’Neill about his baldness  —   elicit the friendlier side of a chief who can seem, with his starched uniform and military bearing, to be distant and cool. Some elected officials have said that they worked well with Chief O’Neill as chief of department. Representative Hakeem Jeffries, an advocate of criminal justice reform, described the chief as “very qualified, personable and  . ” “Chief O’Neill is a good man, who has always had an   relationship with leaders of diverse backgrounds throughout the city,” Mr. Jeffries, a Brooklyn Democrat, said on Tuesday. Late last month, when Mr. Bratton said in an interview with The New York Times that he would be leaving the department before the start of a potential second term for Mr. de Blasio, he talked openly about his admiration for Chief O’Neill and suggested that the chief would be a worthy successor. On Tuesday, the mayor made that a reality. In an earlier interview, Chief O’Neill also said he admired Mr. Bratton’s touch  —   making officers feel that they are being listened to and trusted. “Obviously, he wants cops to do a great job. But he also wants them to feel good about themselves and to have that sense of fulfillment,” Chief O’Neill said of Mr. Bratton in January. “That is different from the prior administration. ” As the news came out on Tuesday morning, a group of uniformed officers from various Bronx precincts who had assembled at an outdoor   session greeted the shift with enthusiasm. “He rose through the ranks, that’s for sure,” Officer Dan Conti, of the 47th Precinct, said as he stood with colleagues near the Grand Concourse. Others nodded. “He’s a pretty good boss,” Officer Conti added. Chief O’Neill’s ascension is unusual. Thomas Repetto, author of a history of the department, said a chief of department had not been promoted to commissioner in more than four decades. Rather, mayors have typically reached further down in the leadership, or more often outside the department, for new commissioners. Before moving into senior posts, Chief O’Neill served as a commander of three precincts: the 25th in East Harlem, the 44th in the Bronx and Central Park. He knows what it is like to face high crime and thousands of homicides a year. But now, with crime boiled down to much lower levels, he has embraced the shifts the administration has wrought: focusing on people, places and conditions that drive crime. “Fighting crime is what we get paid to do,” Chief O’Neill said in January. “But we can’t do that unless we have the backing of the community. Unless we have that connectivity, it’s not going to work. ” As he spoke on Tuesday in City Hall’s Blue Room, Chief O’Neill, who is separated and has two sons in their 20s, faced his mother, who sat in the front row. He choked up, recalling the advice she gave while he was growing up, one of seven siblings in the East Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn. “To be a sound and moral man,” his mother, Helen O’Neill, told reporters afterward. “And to always do the right thing, and he has. ” Ms. O’Neill said she was in awe of her son, who likes Irish soda bread,   motorcycle rides and discussing with her the books he has read. “He’s more than what you see,” she said.",0
5463,BREAKING: Putin Issues Massive Warning to the West,"Russia unveiled a weapon capable of reaching United States territory recently, and on its heels, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that the actions undertaken in Washington are “pushing Russia into a nuclear arms race,” according to Zero Hedge . 
Zero Hedge reported: 
Yesterday, Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payload. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia’s heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (“ICBMs”) – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia’s new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau also released this statement along with the picture of the Sarmat ICBM: “In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government ‘On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,’ the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat’s development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia’s strategic forces.” 
As Zero Hedge noted, the Sarmat has a specific goal of evading U.S. anti-ballistic missile systems that have been deployed in Eastern Europe. 
This is yet another reason why we need a president who understands the importance of modernizing and beefing up our military in these uncertain times. 
While the U.S. stays stuck in the 1960’s and 1970’s with our strategic deterrents, Russia is working to upgrade their armory. The new Sarmat missile is set to be ready to go in 2018. 
AntiWar’s Jason Ditz had this to say about the situation between the U.S. and Russia in regard to our respective military capabilities: 
Of course, the United States spends many, many times what Russia does on its military, but the fact that Russia has a proper military capable of defending the nation at all puts it in a total different category from most of America’s recent wars, and Russia’s massive nuclear arsenal makes it clear this is one war which, if the US launches it, they won’t be able to win outright. 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has called for a no-fly zone over Syria. Here’s what Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, had to say about that. 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,” he said. “That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” 
Clinton’s track record — both in action and in words — proves that she does not have the judgment necessary to be president.",0
5464,PETA Wants ’Warhammer’ Creator to Protect Imaginary Animals from Plastic Space Marines - Breitbart,"People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is asking Games Workshop to eliminate fur from the design of Warhammer 40k figures. [In the grim dark future, there is only war, but, more importantly to PETA, apparently too much fur. According to PETA, the fictional warriors of the year 40, 000 should eschew anything resembling animal products from their gear. They believe that the current depiction “sends the message that wearing fur is acceptable. ”  Within a universe steeped in human sacrifice and unremitting carnage, it’s the millimeters of   furry accessorizing that have crossed the line. Priests of Khorne can gather blood for the Blood God, so long as no animals were harmed to fill the Lake of Slaughter. Only PETA can protect the hairy squig, or grasp the untamed majesty of a Beast of Nurgle. Turning these free creatures into fashion accessories “doesn’t take any skill,” according to PETA. Unless, of course, they’re just assuming that Imperial Space Marines stopped to skin raccoons in order to intimidate the descending horde of actual robot zombies. No word on whether Tyranids are being considered for this same protection. We can only hope those poor creatures aren’t victimized, delaying their quest to “destroy and absorb all life in the universe. ” Thanks, PETA. With you around, perhaps the exploitative production of Grox burgers will finally cease. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
5465,Comment on Hillary supporter Justin Timberlake could face up to 30 days in jail for taking a selfie in the voting booth by Glenn47,"  DCG | 5 Comments 
Considering that Timberlake supports Hillary, he may not be the brightest bulb. We should at least be grateful that he’s not offering blowjobs to anyone voting for Hillary. 
From Daily Mail : Tennessee officials are investigating Justin Timberlake after the singer took a selfie in a voting booth. 
In a photo posted to his Instagram account on Monday, the 35-year-old celebrity stands in front of a ballot machine and makes a scrunched up face. The caption reads: ‘Hey! You! Yeah, YOU! I just flew from LA to Memphis to #rockthevote !!! No excuses, my good people! There could be early voting in your town too. If not, November 8th! Choose to have a voice! If you don’t, then we can’t HEAR YOU! Get out and VOTE! #excerciseyourrighttovote.’ 
Taking a photo or recording audio in a voting booth is a crime in Tennessee, with a penalty of up to 30 days in prison and a $50 fine. 
After the picture was posted on Monday, a representative from the Shelby County, Tennessee District Attorney’s office told TMZ that Timberlake’s actions are ‘under review’. The Tennessee law banning ballot selfies was passed last year and so far no one has been prosecuted for violating it. 
An official for the election board where Justin voted told TMZ that the hitmaker should be lauded for calling on his more than 31million followers to vote. 
Timberlake and his wife Jessica Biel hosted a $33,400-a-ticket fundraiser for Hillary Clinton last spring. 
Laws nationwide are mixed on whether voters are allowed to take pictures of themselves in the act or of their ballots –‘ballot selfies’. Federal judges have struck down bans on selfies in New Hampshire and Indiana, and rules have been changed in places like California and Rhode Island, but in many states it’s still a violation that carries potential fines or jail terms. 
There are laws against sharing any photo of your ballot in 18 states, while six other states bar photography in polling places but do allow photos of mail-in ballots. 
Critics say such regulations have not kept up with technology and are confusing for voters and election workers. Some states that ban ballot selfies or have moved to block them cite concerns the photos could harm the integrity of the voting process by encouraging vote-buying or coercion, though some acknowledge there’s no evidence to support those fears. 
DCG",0
5466,"Memorable Inaugural Speeches: Washington, Lincoln, Jackson, Kennedy and Reagan - The New York Times","How much do Inaugural Addresses matter? Many are memorable and continue to be quoted, while most others are forgotten almost immediately. Donald J. Trump will get his chance shortly after noon Friday. “They are a touching, almost naïve attempt to set a tone for what is to come,” Jon Meacham, the presidential biographer, said. “But as we know, and as is often remarked, events are in the saddle. We are not. ” Some of history’s most notable inaugural speeches, including the first of Abraham Lincoln, in 1861, demonstrated that presidents cannot control the tides of history. But even so, the most memorable ones stand as worthy introductions to the presidents who delivered them, their values and their goals. George Washington | Thursday, April 30, 1789 The first Inaugural Address was characterized by the first president’s impressive humility. Professing himself to feel unworthy of the task, and praising God, George Washington used the speech, which James Madison helped him to draft, to declare his faith in Congress’s ability to govern. “The magnitude and difficulty of the trust to which the voice of my country called me, being sufficient to awaken in the wisest and most experienced of her citizens a distrustful scrutiny into his qualifications, could not but overwhelm with despondence one who (inheriting inferior endowments from nature and unpracticed in the duties of civil administration) ought to be peculiarly conscious of his own deficiencies,” he said, essentially announcing his skepticism and fear at not living up to the task. But while he declined to offer any specific legislation to Congress, as was his right under the new Constitution, he did subtly remind the legislative body of its duty toward the new country, asking “that the foundation of our national policy will be laid in the pure and immutable principles of private morality, and the   of free government be exemplified by all the attributes which can win the affections of its citizens and command the respect of the world. ” Then, before praising God at length for a final time, Washington announced that he would decline any financial compensation for taking on the role of president. Andrew Jackson | Wednesday, March 4, 1829 President Jackson was one of the originators of American populism and, fittingly, his Inaugural Address paid tribute to his supporters, the people. “While the magnitude of their interests convinces me that no thanks can be adequate to the honor they have conferred, it admonishes me that the best return I can make is the zealous dedication of my humble abilities to their service and their good,” he said. Jackson’s speech stands as a notable example of the gulf that can exist between rhetoric and action. He pledged to respect the limits of executive power (which he ended up expanding) and expressed his “sincere and constant desire” to be humane and considerate regarding Native American rights. He signed the Indian Removal Act, which expelled tens of thousands of Native Americans from their native homes, into law the following May. Jackson, who had been elected during a time of economic anxiety, had far more to say about policy than did Washington. He discussed “the extinguishment of the national debt,” and devoted many words to the maintenance of military might. But he too, ended his speech on a humble note, looking to God and his fellow elected officials for support as well as his fellow citizens. Abraham Lincoln | Monday, March 4, 1861 Though he promised at the outset that it would be brief, Abraham Lincoln used his first Inaugural Address, one of the more momentous and memorable of all such speeches, to speak at length about the grievances between North and South that would erupt into Civil War a month later. Lincoln attempted to soothe southern states, saying that he had no intention of interfering with the institution of slavery, and that he believed not only that states should be in charge of their own institutions, but also that “it is essential to that balance of power on which the perfection and endurance of our political fabric depend” that they do so. After addressing the question of fugitive slaves at length, he went on to prosecute those who would see the country split, saying that the South had no right to rend the country in half, and cautioning patience. “Before entering upon so grave a matter as the destruction of our national fabric, with all its benefits, its memories, and its hopes, would it not be wise to ascertain precisely why we do it? Will you hazard so desperate a step while there is any possibility that any portion of the ills you fly from have no real existence?” Of course, his plea was futile, and the country plunged into war in April, when Confederate troops fired on Fort Sumter in South Carolina. Four years later, about a month before the Confederate general Robert E. Lee surrendered, Lincoln gave his second inaugural. It was far shorter. John F. Kennedy | Friday, Jan. 20, 1961 John F. Kennedy’s Inaugural Address contains his most memorable spoken sentence: “My fellow Americans: Ask not what your country can do for you  —   ask what you can do for your country. ” But the speech is more than a simple call to duty. As the United States was facing a rival superpower in the Soviet Union, Kennedy used the speech to address a newly interconnected global community, pledging that his country was committed to human rights “today at home and around the world. ” And seeming to address the Soviet Union and its allies directly, Kennedy delivered a call for harmony and a warning against nuclear apocalypse: “To those nations who would make themselves our adversary, we offer not a pledge but a request,” he said. “That both sides begin anew the quest for peace, before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science engulf all humanity in planned or accidental  . ” Ronald Reagan, Tuesday, Jan. 20, 1981 In contrast to Kennedy, Ronald Reagan was firmly fixated on the domestic problems plaguing the nation. After acknowledging the routine transfer of power as “nothing less than a miracle” he went on to bemoan the economic ills affecting the United States, saying that “government is the problem” and announcing his aim to “curb the size and influence of the federal establishment. ” “Government can and must provide opportunity, not smother it foster productivity, not stifle it,” he said. Only after declaiming the steps he sought to take to to reduce government, did he look outward, saying that once America regained strength at home it could project that strength abroad. And then, toward the end of his speech, Reagan continued a tradition that stretched back to Washington. He said he believed that “God intended for us to be free” and declared that Inauguration Days in the future should be observed as days of prayer. He ended his speech uniting the themes of economic ills and providential help, saying that the crisis the United States faced required Americans’ best effort. He said that what was required was belief, “our willingness to believe in ourselves and to believe in our capacity to perform great deeds to believe that together, with God’s help, we can and will resolve the problems which now confront us. ”",0
5467,“Regime Change”? South Africa Targeted by Western Destabilization Efforts? | Global Research,"/ south africa 
Issues surrounding a minimum wage bill, education and services are being utilized in attempts to overthrow the African National Congress 
South African President Jacob Zuma has come out publically to state that there are efforts underway by the West to undermine the African National Congress (ANC) government which has held power for over 22 years. 
A myriad of challenges are facing the South African ruling party including an economic recession, the bringing of several allegations about corruption within the office of the presidency, a declining stock market and national currency along with increasingly worsening relations with the United States. 
In Africa there are numerous examples from the post-colonial period of the last five decades where the intelligence and military apparatuses of the imperialist states have sought to reverse the forward progress of the masses of workers, farmers, youth and their leadership. In the recent period in the South American state of Brazil, the first woman President Dilma Rousseff of the Worker’s Party, was forcefully removed from office in a political coup. 
In addition to the decline in the South African economy largely due to the overall world crisis which has driven down commodity prices and systematically disinvested from the emerging states, there has been a fracturing of the national democratic movement and the workers organizations over contentious debates surrounding a way forward. In an October report delivered at the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU) 17 th Congress in Durban, South Africa, Dr. Blade Nzimande, the Secretary General of the South African Communist Party (SACP), placed these contradictions inside the national democratic revolution and the largest trade union federation, the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), within a broader context of the desire by the imperialist states to reverse the advances of the liberation struggles. 
In a recent article published by the Agence France Press (AFP), President Zuma emphasized that: “Western powers want to remove the ANC because they do not want the ANC to develop relations with those countries which helped the party in the anti-apartheid struggle.” This statement was made by President Zuma on Nov. 19 laid the blame directly on certain Western countries which do not wish the ruling African National Congress success. 
Zuma spoke to ANC supporters at a rally in Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga Province that the imperialist states were utilizing some ANC members to further their agenda, adding that some party members had been won over to the views of Western countries. The president said that those ANC members calling for his resignation were in fact serving the interests of the Western states. 
The Political Economy of Destabilization 
Since 1994 there have been substantial reforms initiated under the ANC government. There has been the construction of housing for the poor and working class, the expansion of healthcare, the breaking down of racial barriers in public facilities, along with access to household utilities and clean drinking water. 
However, the fundamental relations and ownership of production remains under the control of the capitalist class. As a manifestation of modern-day capitalism, high unemployment, rising costs of living including education fees as well as problems associated with service delivery, have continued. 
“In all other countries, the majority controls everything from politics, economy and defense . . . It’s only in this country (South Africa) where we don’t have economic freedom. It’s controlled by the minority and those who oppressed us,” Zuma stressed. (AFP, Nov. 21) 
The president went on to say: “That is why they are scared that we will take away this economy. They want to take away the strength of the ANC because they know the ANC is the only organization trying to balance the scales.” 
Zuma said that his government would not break ties with longtime friends internationally in order to win the approval of the imperialist governments. The president had also spoke at the WFTU 17 th Congress noting that the capitalist system would not relinquish concessions to the working class without demands based upon mass struggle. 
Recounting the history of the national liberation movement in South Africa, Zuma said: “Socialist countries like Russia and China helped the ANC, giving it military training and aid during the anti-apartheid struggle. The socialist countries came to our aid. It was Russia who trained us and helped us with the tools to fight. China and other socialist countries helped us.” 
In addition Zuma said the Western states are retaliating against the ANC government due its affiliation with the Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa (BRICS) Summit. The advent of such blocs among the emerging states was a threat to Western hegemony of the world economy. 
“They are fighting us because we joined BRICS. Some are in ANC gear but are in the company of the West. We are at war. We are going to protect the ANC,” Zuma emphasized. 
In an article published by the South African Mail & Guardian in reference to the stock values of holdings traded on the local market, it noted: “Should South Africa avoid having its credit rating cut to junk in the next two weeks, it could just be staving off the inevitable. More than half of 12 economists surveyed by Bloomberg said S&P Global Ratings will strip the nation of its investment-level rating. The median probability of South Africa retaining its current assessment in December is 45%, falling to only 20% in 2017, the survey shows. The economy faces a cut to junk on its foreign-currency credit rating as output is forecast to expand at the slowest pace this year since a 2009 recession, delaying the government’s plans to narrow the shortfall on the budget and rein in debt.” (Nov. 18) 
Debate Surrounds a National Minimum Wage Amid Allegation of Regime Change Agenda 
The ANC government has proposed the adoption of a national monthly minimum wage of 3,500 rand which is approximately $242 U.S. dollars. 47 percent of the working population earns less than this proposed amount. (BBC, Nov. 21) 
Despite the possible introduction of such legislation, it falls far short of what is actually needed to maintain a basic household. Prof. Chris Malikane of the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg suggested that 12,000 rand per month was essential in maintaining a decent home. (BBC, Nov. 21) 
This issue is controversial among the business interests which claim that any significant government-mandated increase in the minimum wage would create further unemployment which stands officially at around 25 percent. Over the last few years there have been large-scale job losses in the mining sector which is impacting economic recovery. 
Two years ago COSATU proposed a minimum wage of 4500 rand per month. With inflation since 2014 the amount would be at least 5000 today. 
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said the 3,500 rand per month figure was decided by a panel of experts. Ramaphosa said: “We are now a step closer to finalizing discussions on the national minimum wage. All social partners will now decide what their take is.” (BBC, Nov. 21) 
The ANC must address the issues of joblessness, poverty and service delivery in order to win back its two-thirds majority electoral base inside the country. Local governmental elections which were held in August saw a decline in support for the ruling party by approximately ten points although it remains by far the most popular party in South Africa winning 54 percent of the votes in the August poll. 
A commission report issued several weeks ago alleged that the government of President Zuma has been involved in corruption. Zuma has denied the charges and attempts to pass motions of no-confidence in parliament failed on numerous occasions. The current ANC leadership seems solidly committed to keeping Zuma in office until his term expires in 2019. 
The party maintains that Washington through its embassy in Pretoria is pursuing a regime-change agenda. Party spokesperson Zize Kodwa stated in March: “They have taken about 45 young people to America to train them as part of their leadership program. What we got from those young people is not what they expected; they were trained on how to destabilize the country and regime change.” (Xinhua News Agency, March 16)",0
5468,Irish Fans Rush To Buy 2018 World Cup Final Tickets After Austria Win,"0 Add Comment 
THE scramble for tickets to the 2018 World Cup final is well underway as FIFA report unprecedented interest from Irish football fans, WWN has learned. 
With a James McClean goal securing a historic win in Vienna for the boys in green, Ireland sits top of their qualifying group after 4 games, all but guaranteeing a showdown against Brazil in the final just under two years from now. 
“I’ve a brother in the FAI, and even he can’t get me tickets. I’m proper panicking now, what if I can’t get one?” Dermot Nelly, worried Irish supporter, shared with WWN. 
Ireland’s path to Russia 2018 and their subsequent run to the final has come courtesy of a good performance against an anemic Austria side on Saturday, and fans are becoming increasingly desperate to ensure they don’t miss out on the biggest game in Irish soccer history. 
“I’ve been online since the win, just checking to see if anyone is selling a spare ticket. I’m prepared to blow the life savings on this. There’s no way I’m missing us lifting the World Cup trophy,” shared Dubliner Tommy Gleeson, whose budget for a ticket stands at an eye watering €120. 
In a bid to quell the overzealous reaction to the recent win, the FAI delivered a sobering statement this morning. 
“Lads, Jesus, relax will ye. Listen, when FIFA post us over our ticket allocation for the final, you lot will be the first to know. A bit of patience please,” the statement read.",0
5469,Questioning of Yanukovych disrupted by “Right Sector” - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
[embedded content] 
“I ask in the framework of the Ukrainian legislation to deal with those criminals who have today blocked the work of the court. Those who did it are criminally liable. I am interested in establishing the truth and on Monday [28.11.16] it definitely will be,” said Yanukovych. The questioning of the ex-President Viktor Yanukovych can’t start due to the fact that ex- “Berkut officers” cannot be brought to Svyatoshinsky court. Their departure from the Lukyanovsky detention center was blocked by radicals of Right Sector. 
Today the questioning of ex-President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych via videoconference in the Svyatoshinsky district court of Kiev was to be held. However, several dozen radicals blocked the exit of Lukyanovsky jail, thus, the former “Berkut officers” could not be brought to Svyatoshinsky court. 
Note that the building of the Svyatoshinsky district court of Kiev is guarded today by 130 police officers. 
As a reminder, Yanukovych’s interrogation takes place in the framework of the case of five former employees of the “Berkut” special forces. The ex-President of Ukraine is present as a witness. 
Over the years, such a quantity of videos have been published that the question of who was shooting is no longer rhetorical. “Berkut” was accused of aggressiveness on Maidan, but the soldiers of these special forces became the first victims. The resident of Lvov Ivan Bubenchik is not even hiding, but rather willingly gives interviews in which he brags about being the first who opened fire on the officers on Maidan. 
“At first, I eliminated officers. Two. And then I didn’t do anything to the soldiers, I just wounded one in the leg,” said Bubenchik. 
[embedded content] 
However, somehow it is not him who is on trial, but five fighters of “Berkut” . Investigators allegedly found involvement of the Kiev special “Berkut” units in the murders of 48 members of Maidan and the gunshot wounds of another 80 protesters on February 20th, 2014, on Instytutska street. As a result of the investigation into 25 employees of the special forces and the leadership of the “Berkut” regiment it was reported about the suspicion of involvement in these events, and from 20 of them on the wanted list, five are in custody. 
Earlier it was reported that the scandalous lawyer Mark Feygin had invented how it’s possible to use the video conference questioning of ex-President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. Parubiy demands the return of Yanukovych to Ukrainian territory 
Speaker of Parliament Andriy Parubiy urged the Ukrainian investigators to read out the charges during the video interrogation former President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. 
“I think the most important thing that needs to be done by the Ukrainian investigators is to read out the charges against Yanukovych,” he declared to journalists of local media. After this, according to him, Kiev authorities will “continue to work” . In addition, Parubiy stated that it is precisely Yanukovych who is responsible for “what was on Maidan, and what was after Maidan” . 
The speaker of the Rada also believes that Kiev should demand the return of the former President to Ukraine. For this purpose, as Parubiy said, it is necessary to use every opportunity. Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved. Related ",0
5470,F.A.A. Issues Commercial Drone Rules - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The federal government on Tuesday made it much easier for companies to use drones for a variety of tasks, including aerial photography and emergency response. The Federal Aviation Administration’s new commercial drone rules allow a broad range of businesses to use drones under 55 pounds, but with several restrictions: The drones must be operated by a pilot who has passed a written test and is at least 16 years old. And drones can be flown only below 400 feet, during the day and at least five miles away from airports. The new F. A. A. rules do not necessarily preclude a hodgepodge of state and local drone regulations that have popped up in recent years. The administration sent a letter to states and cities saying they recommend everyone follow their lead. But it is only a recommendation. The F. A. A. stopped short of giving a green light to package delivery, a goal of Amazon and Google, which have pushed regulators to create rules that would allow them to transfer part of their   delivery systems to the sky. The new guidelines mandate that a commercial drone operator must always have the machine within line of sight  —   a rule that, for now, makes delivering packages unfeasible. Still, the action brings the drone delivery vision one step closer to reality. And experts predict that in time federal regulators will get comfortable with the notion. “Within months you will see the incredible impact of these rules with commercial drones becoming commonplace in a variety of uses,” said Michael Drobac, a lawyer at Akin Gump who represents drone efforts at companies like Amazon and Google. “This will show the technology is reliable and then it becomes harder to argue against broader uses  —   like for delivery. ” Drone makers and tech companies have been lobbying for the rules for five years. But the Obama administration, while trying to accommodate the potential economic benefits of the technology, has struggled to safely integrate the popular,   flying vehicles into airspace. Pilots and privacy groups that pushed hard for greater safety provisions and strong surveillance rules expressed fear that clearing the way for more of the flying machines posed new dangers and few protections from spying. The F. A. A. rules prohibit drones from flying above people and faster than 100 miles per hour. “The F. A. A. continues to ignore the top concern of Americans about the deployment of commercial drones in the United States  —   the need for strong privacy safeguards,” said Marc Rotenberg, president of Electronic Privacy Information Center. In February 2015, the F. A. A. created its first rules for recreational drone users, and more than 450, 000 hobbyists registered last winter in the government’s user database. Previously, companies had to apply for special permission from the F. A. A. to operate drones. The government has issued more than 6, 000 approvals and about 7, 000 companies are on a waiting list for approval. When the new rules go into effect in 60 days, companies will no longer have to gain that special exemption. “With this new rule, we are taking a careful and deliberate approach that balances the need to deploy this new technology with the F. A. A. ’s mission to protect public safety,” said Michael Huerta, the F. A. A. administrator. “But this is just our first step. We’re already working on additional rules that will expand the range of operations. ” The demand by companies has been broad. Real estate brokers want to use drones to take aerial estate photos, news organizations believe the machines would be useful for news gathering, farmers want to use them to survey fields, and emergency responders believe the devices would be useful for rescue operations. In a fact sheet released by the White House, the government cited economic estimates that commercial drones could generate more than $82 billion in the next decade. Drones “represent a potentially powerful innovation that could have a positive impact on our economy,” said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary. The new rules are “just the beginning of the process. ” Amazon has hired several lobbyists just to focus on drone rules. Its chief executive, Jeff Bezos, expects drone delivery to be available within the next few years and has begun testing its own devices. The federal rules were also important for companies that prefer one blanket set of rules to the many state and city laws that have emerged in recent years. They have urged the F. A. A. to create commercial rules that they hope will   new bans passed or being considered in cities like Miami and states like California. “We are extremely pleased the rule establishes a   federal approach for operating drones nationwide, and thank the F. A. A. for engaging industry throughout the process,” said Kara Calvert, director of a coalition of drone manufacturers including the Chinese company DJI and GoPro.",0
5471,"To Put Ball in the Net, Dutch Clubs Shoot Space Aliens First - The New York Times","Some of the young players enrolled at PSV Eindhoven’s academy have had to burst balloons. Others have been told to shoot dots, and more still have been tasked with bringing down alien space fleets. These are hardly the tasks traditionally demanded of teenage soccer prodigies, but then PSV, the Dutch club, does not think of itself as traditional. Most clubs, after all, are concerned only with developing players with nimble feet. PSV, increasingly, is concentrating on nurturing agile minds. That is why in recent years every player at the club, from the youth system to the reserve squad, has been assessed on at least one of four customized computer programs. Though the programs bear an uncanny similarity to   video games  —   balloons, space invaders and the rest  —   Jurrit Sanders, one of PSV’s sports scientists, rejects the term. “They are not games,” he said. “They are tests. ” Remarkably predictive ones, judging by the evidence that Sanders and his colleagues have encountered. The tests are designed to assess a player’s cognitive capacity, establishing and monitoring his abilities in 16 disciplines, including reaction time, how quickly he makes decisions and how intensely, and for how long, he is able to focus. “We have found that if a player comes in low on the tests, then they tend to leave the club at a low level,” Sanders said. “If they come in high, they tend to leave on a high level. ” The program remains at an early stage Sanders does not contend that the results are conclusive. PSV is sufficiently intrigued, though, to dedicate more time to researching cognitive training. “We know a lot about tactical training, technical training, physical training,” Sanders said. “We do not know a lot about this. ” Finding a way to sharpen the mind, he said, could be coaching’s next frontier. As The New York Times reported this year, there remains a considerable degree of skepticism among scientists and researchers about the benefits of cognitive training. Teams and individuals across a variety of sports continue to invest substantial sums  —   and even more faith  —   in systems claiming to hone the mind. Matt Ryan, the quarterback who led the Atlanta Falcons to the Super Bowl, is a devotee of NeuroTracker, a program also in use at Manchester United. Some experts retain the suspicion, however, that they are being sold a myth, that for all the advanced graphics and bold claims, computer programs designed to improve mental performance are, at best, a harmless placebo and, at worst, an expensive delusion. Luc van Agt, a physiologist at PSV, acknowledges those doubts. “We are just at the beginning,” he said. That was part of the reason the club agreed to take part in a study conducted last year at PSV and another Dutch club, AZ Alkmaar, by researchers from the University of Amsterdam. Led by Geert Savelsbergh  —   an academic known in the Netherlands as “the football professor,” van Agt said  —   the team exposed a control group of players to a video analysis exercise, in which they had to identify certain movements, such as passes and runs. Another group conducted sessions on IntelliGym, an Israeli cognitive training system based on technology designed in a very different context. “It was developed initially to help make fighter pilots smarter,” said Danny Dankner, IntelliGym’s chief executive. “But something clicked with me that this platform could be used to address a lot of different things. It turns out that there are a lot of similarities in the skill sets needed by footballers and pilots. ” IntelliGym’s interface is based on what Dankner called a “space battle metaphor,” which ice hockey teams have used for several years. It was adapted to make it more relevant to soccer, seen as an underexplored market, with the help of PSV coaches and former players  —   Phillip Cocu, Mark van Bommel, Ruud van Nistelrooy  —   with respected   pedigrees. “IntelliGym spoke to them,” van Agt said, “to find out what the program needed to do. ” The result is a system that would not look out of place in a   arcade. Players are asked to take control of one fleet of spaceships and take on another. The situation, though, changes continually. “One fleet can become invisible, or clouds might come and hide certain ships, or the player might be asked to take control of the other side,” Dankner said. Each twist is designed to flex another mental muscle. “It examines things like anticipation, the ability to divide your attention, your working memory, your spatial perception,” he said. The results of the University of Amsterdam study were clear. Both groups  —   initially comprising 52 players  —   were asked to perform their tasks twice a week over 10 weeks. Each time, they were then assessed in brief,   games outside on the training field. The researchers found that the skills of the players who had used IntelliGym improved by 30 percent more than those in the control group, according to Dr. Savelsbergh. Sanders is quick to point out that the study was hardly conclusive. But PSV is already conducting a “Phase 2 pilot,” in van Agt’s careful phrase, to see what else can be gleaned from the cognitive training. At AZ Alkmaar, the other club involved in the study, the reaction has been  —   if anything  —   even more enthusiastic. “We think of ourselves as the Apple of the football industry,” said Marijn Beuker, the head of performance and development at AZ. “We are always ready to think about new ways of doing things. “We are not a club that can buy the best talents, so we have to develop our own,” Beuker continued, “and to do that we try to look for every aspect of an athlete that can be improved. ” That culture of thinking differently has won AZ plenty of admirers. In February, Beuker visited with Bayer Leverkusen, in Germany, on a   expedition. Real Madrid is among the teams to have met with AZ to learn more about the club’s work, which AZ shares freely. “We do not worry that they will catch us up,” Beuker said, “because we believe that in the time it takes them to implement everything, we will have moved on again. ” That may explain his willingness to brush aside doubts about cognitive training: He makes the point that if the improvement is genuine, the cause is irrelevant. AZ has already incorporated IntelliGym into the training regimen of its   through   teams. “If we think it is something that works,” he said, “then it works. ” The next challenge, according to Sander Roege, PSV’s mental performance coach, is whether anyone can find a way to train cognitive functions with physical exercises. Whatever the doubts, the clubs see the possibilities that cognitive training could open up. The German Football Association has plans to incorporate an IntelliGym suite at its new training center in Frankfurt Oliver Bierhoff, its technical director, is an ardent convert to the idea that sharpening the mind is as important as honing the feet. This, they all believe, is the next frontier. It remains a distant one, but one that ultimately could revolutionize understanding of the sport. At PSV, Roege said there may come a point when it would be possible to determine precisely what sort of cognitive strengths players in specific positions might require. “We are getting closer to finding out what capacities are needed to play on a good level,” he said. “Maybe you will get an ideal profile of what is needed to be a top player. ”",0
5472,BOMBSHELL: CDC Commits New Vaccine-Autism Crime — Won’t Allow Whistleblower to Testify,"Editor’s Note : The CDC is guilty of nothing shorter than CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY. Period.

 
Here are the bones of the story. For the first time in 30 years, a vaccine-damage case has gone before a court judge. Lawyers for a 16-year-old autistic boy are suing a medical clinic for administering vaccines that brought about the autism. The CDC, of course, denies any connection between vaccines and autism. But one of its own long-time researchers, William Thompson, has publicly confessed to fraud in that area. Thompson states that he and his colleagues concealed research data that would have shown the MMR vaccine and mercury-laden vaccines do cause autism. The lawyers for the 16-year-old boy want to bring in Thompson to testify about what he knows. The CDC has said NO. The head of the CDC, Thomas Frieden, states, “Dr. William Thompson’s deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHS [the Department of Health and Human Services].”
Well, he’s right, because the CDC is the PR arm of the vaccine industry. The CDC is a major purchaser of vaccines for the US federal government. If this boy won his case, other cases would follow. The potential monetary exposure in judgments? A trillion dollars or more.
Ecowatch.com has the details :
“The medical malpractice case seeking Dr. Thompson’s testimony is on behalf of 16-year-old Yates Hazlehurst. The lawsuit alleges that Yates is autistic as a result of vaccine injuries, which occurred when the vaccines were improperly administered in 2001. Because of the Vaccine Injury Compensation Act of 1986 (VICA), Hazlehurst v. The Jackson Clinic is the only vaccine injury case that has gone to any U.S. court in 30 years.”
“Dr. Thompson wants to reveal the scientific fraud and destruction of evidence that took place in the studies that he co-authored. However, in accordance with the Whistle Blower Protection Act and other federal regulations, Dr. Thompson can not testify under oath without the permission of the director of the CDC, Dr. Thomas Frieden.”
“The request on behalf of Hazlehurst specifically relates to the issue of causation, i.e. the issue of whether vaccines can cause autism, which the State of Tennessee Circuit Court Judge found to be both relevant and a proper basis for seeking the deposition of Dr. Thompson.”
“Judge Acree ordered on Feb. 5 that Dr. Thompson should be deposed. Following Judge’s Acree’s ruling, Smith [Bryan Smith, the boy’s attorney] filed a formal request to CDC to make Thompson available for deposition and trial testimony.”
“On Sept. 22, in a letter from CDC Director Thomas Freiden, CDC denied Smith’s request. Smith explained that ‘this denial was a disappointment but not a surprise, since the inescapable implication of Dr. Thompson’s testimony is that the agency fraudulently altered the science to undermine autism cases worth potentially $1 trillion in compensation ordered by Congress’.”
“Smith and Kennedy [Robert F Kennedy, Jr., the boy’s other attorney] plan to immediately appeal the CDC’s denial to federal court.”
William Thompson, the CDC whistleblower, is the subject of the film Vaxxed ( trailer ). Thompson has admitted publicly that he and his CDC colleagues literally threw damning data into a garbage can, to avoid reaching the conclusion, in a 2004 study, that the MMR vaccine raises the risk of autism in children.
His testimony in court would be explosive, to say the least.
Since he is still employed by the CDC, his bosses can keep him out of court. They can muzzle him. They can threaten him. No doubt, Thompson has also signed non-disclosure agreements with the Agency.
How far would the federal government go to silence Thompson, who could open a Pandora’s box containing a trillion dollars in potential judgements? All the way is the obvious answer.
The implications of Thompson’s testimony involve much more than money: the massive destruction of lives through vaccinations. That is ultimately the crime of crimes at the bottom of the cover-up.
And the CDC would be rightly seen as a primary agent in both the crimes and the cover-up.
If the US Department of Justice had any sense of honor, or courage, scores of CDC employees would be in jail right now.
And if major media outlets had any sense of honor, or courage, they would be swarming all over the CDC, hammering on many employees and obtaining confessions from them, releasing the rank truth about vaccines from the Agency’s offices and labs of shame.
(To read about Jon’s mega-collection, Power Outside The Matrix , click here .) Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Jon Rappoport of No More Fake News . 
The author of an explosive collection, THE MATRIX REVEALED , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. ",0
5473,Neuroscientist Says Fasting Reduces the Risk of Brain Disease But Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know | Underground Health,"Christopher David Leave a Comment 
There are many things that we assume are good for our health. We assume these things because it is the norm, and we have heard them for our entire lives. Most of them are true, but these assumptions about healthy living are not always beneficial. In fact, some of them could even be harmful. 
What is even more disturbing than the falsity of our assumptions is the reason why they are “common knowledge” in the first place. For instance, we know that the normal human diet consists of three meals a day and occasional snacks. Right? 
The common assumption that we should eat three times a day, without fasting, may not actually be backed by science. Instead of research and scientific study, this assumption could be fueled by money. Lots and lots of money. 
This was the topic of recent TED Talks discussion with Professor Mark Mattson. Professor Mattson is a professor of Neuroscience at John Hopkins University. He is also the Chief of the Laboratory of Neuroscience at the National Institute of Aging. He is one of the foremost researchers in the study of the cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying neurodegenerative disorders such as Parkinson’s disorder and Alzheimer’s disease. Professor Mattson has received multiple awards and accolades for his contributions to these fields including Alzheimer’s Association Zenith Award. 
So basically, he’s pretty smart when it comes to brain stuff. During the TEDx, Professor Mattson described his research into fasting and the positive effects it could have on the human brain. It is a fascinating subject that makes one wonder why it is not more commonly discussed. Professor Mattson also delves into the reason for this, and it is a bit unsettling. Neurological Disorders 
According to the Alzheimer’s Foundation of America , 5.1 million people in the United States may have Alzheimer’s disease as of 2015. Research shows that the the chance of developing Alzheimer’s doubles every five years over the age of 65. 
As the population is aging– particularly in the instance of the Baby Boomers– the incidence of the Alzheimer’s is rising. Between 2010 and 2050, the number of Americans over the age of 65 will increase by more than double. The number of people over the age of 85 will increase by more than triple. 
According to Professor Mattson, the number of Americans with Alzheimer’s will triple by 2050. The disease does not only effect seniors or the elderly. It is estimated that over 500,000 people in the United States have some form of dementia, including Alzheimer’s disease. This is commonly referred to as “early onset” dementia. 
Once it develops, it is estimated that between one to four family members are required to act as caregivers to the individual with the disease. Even if you are not personally impacted by the disease, you probably know someone who is. There is also an increasing chance that you will be affected as you get older. 
Although it is not as prevalent, there are similar statistics for other neurological disorders such as Parkinson’s disease . Currently, nearly one million people in the United States are affected by Parkinson’s, and the number is rising. Every year, nearly 60,000 new cases of Parkinson’s disease are diagnosed in the U.S. alone. 
The average age for the onset of the disorder is 60, but symptoms can progress for periods of longer than 20 years. Early onset instances of Parkinson’s disease generally occur around age 50 and account for approximately five to ten percent of diagnosed cases. 
These numbers do not even include other neurological disorders such as muscular dystrophy, multiple sclerosis and ALS (Lou Gehrig’s disease). Overall, it is estimated that over 6.1 million Americans suffer from some form of neurological disorder such as these. 
As of now, there is no known cure for any of them. That is why any possible method of prevention is vital. According to Professor Mattson, he believes he has found a way to do just that. Fasting and Reducing Caloric Intake 
Professor Mattson and his team have done extensive research and published multiple papers on how reducing caloric intake can extend lifespan. In his TEDx discussion, he mentions that they were able to increase the lifespan of laboratory animals by 30 to 40 percent simply by reducing how much they eat. This was due to slower degeneration of brain cells by energy intake. 
While he does not simply state one should eat less to live longer, Professor Mattson does believe that periodic fasting can have a similar effect in humans. For centuries, humans have believed fasting to have both physical and spiritual benefits. As far back as Plato, anecdotal evidence exists of periodic fasting being a key factor in people living extended life. In Upton Sinclair’s 1911 book “ The Fasting Cure ,” he discusses several real-life instances of people who have experienced positive health results and recovered from disease as a result of fasting. 
The reason Professor Mattson believes that fasting has positive results for your brain is due to how your brain reacts to stress. During times of fasting, your brain will become stressed and develop “adaptive stress response pathways” that will help it cope with the lack of energy. These adaptation help your brain remain strong and resist neurological disease. 
There is also evidence of this in evolutionary terms. When an animal is deprived of food, its brain will activate these adaptive stress response pathways. Basically, it is a mechanism of the brain telling the animal: “Go get me some food.” 
In this way, fasting has similar effects as exercising. Like physical exertion, fasting creates a psychological challenge and stimulates the creation of neurotrophic factors. These are sciencey thingies that can help prevent the degeneration of nerve cells in your brain and even, in one of the brain, help to generate new ones. Fasting will also help to create “ketones” in the brain that provide an alternative fuel and increase the metabolism of the brain. 
Basically, fasting causes your brain to exercise. Through this exercise, it grows stronger in its ability to fight degenerative diseases and retain cognitive abilities. So, why don’t we know this stuff? 
According to Professor Mattson: 
“Why is it that the normal diet is three meals a day plus snacks? It isn’t that it’s the healthiest eating pattern, now that’s my opinion but I think there is a lot of evidence to support that. There are a lot of pressures to have that eating pattern, there’s a lot of money involved. The food industry — are they going to make money from skipping breakfast like I did today? No, they’re going to lose money. If people fast, the food industry loses money. What about the pharmaceutical industries? What if people do some intermittent fasting, exercise periodically and are very healthy, is the pharmaceutical industry going to make any money on healthy people?” 
As he stated, this is only his opinion, but there is evidence that indicates the possibility of pharmaceutical companies interfering with medical research. 
In an article titled “Why Most Published Research Findings Are False,” John P.A. Ioannidis of the Stanford University School of Medicine argues just that. Particularly relating to the influence of large corporations and pharmaceutical companies in research, Ioannidis states a research finding is less likely to be true when there is “greater financial and other interest and prejudice.” 
Ioannidis also found that many current research studies simply reinforce current assumptions or prove the prevailing bias. Ionnadis and Mattson are far from alone in these beliefs. The Editor and Chief of The Lancet Dr. Richard Horton recently published a similar study showing that much of the scientific literature published today is either inaccurate, biased or simply untrue. According to Dr. Marcia Angell , the former Editor in Chief at the New England Journal of Medicine, “[the] pharmaceutical industry likes to depict itself as a research-based industry, as the source of innovative drugs. Nothing could be further from the truth.” 
The increasingly common belief that many of our common beliefs could be untrue is unsettling, to say the least. It has long been an accepted fact that financial gains influence almost every aspect of our culture, so it should not be hard to believe that they influence health research. Fasting for Brain Power 
If Professor Mattson and his team are correct about how reducing caloric intake can improve and protect our cognitive abilities, you will probably want to start doing so. However, it is important to be responsible and not just stop eating because you heard it would help your brain. If you did that, you might not have the best of brains anyway. 
There are many modern diets that already stress the importance of fasting and the health benefits that come with it. The method that Professor Mattson recommends is what is called the “5:2 Diet” method of fasting. Simply put, this involves eating normally for five days of the week and fasting for two. On the fasting days, you would eat approximately one quarter of the calories you eat on your regular days. 
As is the case with any new changes to your health habits, it is important to check with your doctor first. Particularly if you plan on implementing a big change like periodic fasting, it is also smart to do your research first. There are several books an millions of articles available on the subject to help you find which method works for you. Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment ",0
5474,Gonzaga Earns Chance to Prove It Belongs Among Basketball’s Elite - The New York Times,"GLENDALE, Ariz.  —   Dressed in crisp Nike uniforms, boasting tall and talented players, competing for a coach who has been with the program through 19 straight N. C. A. A. tournament appearances, the Gonzaga Bulldogs looked as   as any member of college basketball’s aristocracy on Saturday night. And that was before play even began. The   Bulldogs ( ) then stayed with, built a lead on and survived a late scare from South Carolina ( ) which plays in the Southeastern Conference and had beaten traditional powers seeded second, third and fourth in the past two weeks to make it to the Final Four. But South Carolina could not beat Gonzaga, whose   win put it in the national championship game Monday night against another No. 1 seed, North Carolina. Gonzaga had two talented players who are at least 7 feet tall  —   one, Przemek Karnowski, an experienced   senior the other, Zach Collins, a former McDonald’s   who could be drafted after his freshman season. They made beautiful partners on defense, with one blocking shots and the other collecting the loose balls. Two of Gonzaga’s leading scorers, Nigel   and Jordan Mathews, had transferred from   teams.   who scored a   23 points, also had a top high school résumé. He attended the Las   powerhouse Findlay Prep, a cradle of recent N. B. A.   draft picks. This year’s success all made sense, then: Gonzaga spent a significant chunk of the season as the No. 1 team in The Associated Press’s Top 25, while the final poll, taken just before the N. C. A. A. tournament began, had the team at No. 2. The advanced analytics website KenPom. com ranks Gonzaga No. 1  —   and has every day since    —   as do advanced measurements like ESPN’s B. P. I. Jeff Sagarin’s rankings, Joel Sokol’s L. R. M. C. and Sonny Moore’s Computer Power Ratings. In other words, you could be forgiven for not realizing that this was Gonzaga’s first appearance in the Final Four. More important, you might not know that the Bulldogs play in the   West Coast Conference, an affiliation that denies them not only the millions of dollars in annual revenue taken in by members of leagues that sign television contracts influenced by football, but also the opportunity to annually play a lot of other teams that are backed by such huge resources and are loaded with major talent. It is not just    carping to wonder if the Bulldogs, at last, can run with the big dogs. No serious observer of college basketball thinks that Gonzaga, which made an    run to the round of 8 in 1999 and has not missed the tournament since, is simply a midmajor with a remarkable lucky streak. “It’s not 1997 anymore,” South Carolina Coach Frank Martin said after Saturday’s game. “They were Cinderella and all that pretty stuff” 20 years ago, Martin continued, adding, “They’re as   as   can get. ” But there is still a pretty wide gap between accepting that the Bulldogs, despite their structural obstacles, are a very solid basketball team this season and believing that they are actually the best team in the country. They have not been able to test themselves against elite competition as frequently as teams in the six power conferences have. And the games they had against such competition came earlier, before teams had a chance to jell. In February, while North Carolina was busy beating Notre Dame, Virginia and Louisville (and losing at Duke) Gonzaga was drubbing middling opponents like Santa Clara, Pacific and San Diego. “They’re a lot more athletic in different conferences,” the redshirt sophomore Josh Perkins said, although he added that the stellar shooting in the W. C. C. required consistently frantic defense. Gonzaga’s ordinary scheduling has been aggravated by its tournament run, during which the Bulldogs have played teams seeded No. 16, No. 8, No. 4, No. 11 and No. 7. Yet KenPom. com’s numbers still rank Gonzaga as the best team in the country  —   with the best defense and the   offense  —   after adjusting for level of competition, and even after weighting more recent games. Ken Pomeroy, the proprietor of the website, squared the circle by pointing not to the teams Gonzaga had beaten but to how the Bulldogs had done it. “Obviously, it doesn’t say much when you’re beating Santa Clara that game doesn’t mean much,” Pomeroy said. “But when you play a series of games against teams like that and win them all easily, that does tell you something. ” In that light, the picture becomes clearer. Gonzaga won 13 games by 30 or more points and 23 by 20 or more. Its average margin of victory entering Saturday night’s game, 22. 3 points, was the best in Division I. The Bulldogs beat   tournament teams like Iowa State, Florida and Arizona. They also won three times, always by double digits, against their top conference rival, St. Mary’s, which received an   bid to the N. C. A. A. tournament. In the tournament, Gonzaga beat West Virginia, a fourth seed that many believed was one of the country’s top 10 teams Xavier, which had knocked off highly regarded Florida State and Arizona and South Carolina. Because college football and basketball have shorter seasons, uneven scheduling and brisker postseasons than their professional counterparts, much analysis consists of reviewing résumés. But doing so invariably conveys less information than is often assumed. There is nothing about playing a weak schedule  —   and even now, Gonzaga has played a weak schedule compared with other contenders  —   that inherently prevents a team from being great, or the best. Of course, as   said Saturday, “We can’t control who we played. ” He was referring to Gonzaga’s tournament slate, although the statement also applied to the bulk of his team’s regular season. Gonzaga can control the outcomes, however. On Monday night, it will have the opportunity to make a statement for which there is no valid rebuttal.",0
5475,"For This Choreographer, the Olympics Are the Zenith - The New York Times","Brazilians know how to put on a good show on a shoestring  —   this is the country of Carnival, after all. So despite Zika fears and reports about murky water in Guanabara Bay, the colorful and ecologically conscious Olympics opening ceremony in Rio de Janeiro on Friday night went off without a hitch, and even more: It felt like a giant street party. The film directors Fernando Meirelles (“City of God”) Andrucha Waddington and Daniela Thomas were in charge of the show. The dancing, and there was a lot of it, was the responsibility of the veteran Brazilian choreographer Deborah Colker. (Her official title is movement director.) Ms. Colker is a passionate mixer of forms. (In addition to dance, she has a background as a competitive volleyball player.) Her company, Companhia Dança Deborah Colker, combines   feats on giant hamster wheels, vogueing,   acrobatics and anything else that suits her eclectic sensibility. And she loves props: walls, vases, ropes, wheels. This was all evident in the show. And her experience working with Cirque du Soleil (in 2009) and with samba schools in Rio  —   collectives that dance their way through the streets during Carnival  —   surely came in handy. This is not someone easily intimidated by the complexities of a large spectacle with many moving parts. Even so, with 3, 000 volunteers and 114 professional dancers under her direction, this was the biggest show of Ms. Colker’s career. She spoke on the phone from Rio before and after the ceremony. Here are edited excerpts from those conversations. Were you happy with how the show turned out? It was the way I had expected, and everything worked. I’m relieved and happy and proud. Was it difficult to manage so many elements: thousands of volunteers, large projections, musicians, props? I am used to working with a huge system, like when I worked with Cirque du Soleil. Early on I did five workshops and hired people in different styles and areas, which enriched the vocabulary a lot. I started planning a year and a half ago, and the first small workshops were about a year ago. Slowly, I built my team. I started working with the volunteers on May 27. Every weekend, 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. and during the week as well. How did the budget cuts for the ceremony affect you?  Not so much. I had to cut one workshop and two weeks of rehearsal, but that was about it. Brazil and Rio are famous for their variety of musical and dance styles. What did you want to show? I wanted everything to bleed together. Like here in Brazil, where everyone is surviving and sharing together. Samba, funk  —   a style specific to Rio, born in Rio  —   and passinho, which combines breakdance and   and maracatu, from northern Brazil. I mixed all of this. How much of the dancing reflected your own compositional style? I brought things I know to represent Rio and Brazil, and some symbols that are part of my company, like the climbing wall and wheels. But I also found new ways to depict different cultures and people that have been building our country: indigenous, Asian, European, African. It looked like the dancers had a little bit of freedom when they were dancing on those platforms at one end of the stadium.  I told them what I wanted, and worked with their experiences, but I wanted it to reflect their personalities. This is so important, because this is real street art. In one section, you had parkour athletes running across an imaginary obstacle course of walls and platforms  —   actually projections  —   with a climbing wall at the other side. How did you come up with the idea? Parkour  is the athletics of the street. They reveal the city through acrobatics. This is where I brought in my wall that I have used in previous shows  —   a strong symbol, totally related to the idea of occupying the street and with the idea of sport. There was a section dedicated to indigenous Brazilian culture, in which you used hanging ropes, which dancers wove together. The indigenous peoples are usually shown with stereotypes of folklore. I didn’t do this. I took an organic approach. I went twice to a place call Parintins in the Amazonian jungle, close to Manaus, to lead rehearsals. The idea of the weaving of the elastics was inspired by the oca [thatch houses from Mato Grosso, a   state in the rain forest]. We wanted to show Brazil before colonization, something aesthetic, organic and huge. At the end of the show, there was this great samba moment   …     We had all 12 of Rio’s escola da samba [samba schools]  —   not the entire ensembles, but a selection from each. Of course, we couldn’t have everyone. We had to choose the best drummers and some special dancers. That was quite an entrance for the model Gisele Bündchen, walking the length of the stadium to “The Girl From Ipanema. ” Did you have a hand in that? [Laughs] I didn’t do anything! That’s Gisele. She has the most perfect walk and the most perfect legs in the world. What message were you and your collaborators trying to get across? The most important thing is the possibility to mix styles and ideas and aesthetics, dance and music and energy. We are a new country, with contemporary ideas, not just what foreign people think about Brazil: pretty women and football. Brazil is this and so many other things. It is an amazing place for contemporary dance and music and film and fashion and art.",0
5476,Facebook Faces High Profile Lawsuit Regarding Facial Recognition Technology ‘DeepFace’,"Facebook Faces High Profile Lawsuit Regarding Facial Recognition Technology ‘DeepFace’   Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 
As the technology becomes increasingly ubiquitous and far more accurate, facial recognition and the lack of any laws or regulations around the practice is slowly starting to enter mainstream consciousness. It’s a very important issue that isn’t getting the attention it deserves. 
For example, as I highlighted in the recent post, Half of American Adults Exist in a Government Accessible Facial Recognition Network : 
Half of all American adults are already in some sort of facial recognition network accessible to law enforcement, according to a comprehensive new study. 
Conducted over a year and relying in part on Freedom of Information and public record requests to 106 law enforcement agencies, the study , conducted by Georgetown Law’s Center on Privacy and Technology, found American police use of facial recognition technology is a scattered, hodgepodge network of laws and regulations. 
“Looking at the sum total of what we found, there have been no laws that comprehensively regulate face recognition technology, and there’s really no case law either,” Clare Garvie, an associate at the CPT, told Vocativ. “So we find ourselves having to rely on the agencies that are using that technology to rein it in. But what we found is that not every system — by a long shot — has a use policy.” 
With that in mind, Bloomberg published an interesting article yesterday covering a couple of lawsuits against Facebook and Google regarding their facial recognition practices. 
Here’s some of what we learned: 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google declined to comment on pending litigation. 
Facebook encourages users to “tag” people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans — including mothers. 
Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. 
Now here’s some history on Facebook and facial recognition. Facebook v. Privacy Law 
December 2005 — Facebook introduces photo tagging 
October 2008 — Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act 
June 2012 — Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com 
September 2012 — Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 
2015-2016 — Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. 
May 2016 — Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain 
October 2016 — Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out 
The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). 
For prior articles on the topic, see:",0
5477,"60 Civilians Killed, 200 Injured As US-Led Airstrikes Hit a School In Iraq","“ We are closely monitoring the situation around Mosul. So far we see no substantial progress in liberating this city from the terrorists of ISIS ,” he added, referring to the terrorist organization Islamic State by its former name. According to the Russian military, among the civilian objects hit by US-led coalition airstrikes was a school for girls in southern Mosul, which was attacked last Friday.
Meanwhile, the International Committee of the Red Cross reiterated its call not to target civilians and civilian infrastructure in Mosul. The aid organization earlier warned that the offensive may force hundreds of thousands of refugees to flee the city, overstretching Iraq’s already-challenged ability to shelter them.
The general described the situation around the Iraqi city on the sidelines of a report about Russia’s action in Syria, where Moscow and Damascus continue a pause in the offensive in Aleppo, which is divided between the Syrian Army and various armed groups, including the terrorist organization Al-Nusra Front.",0
5478,Will Hillary Clinton Get America Back on Track?,"Will Hillary Clinton Get America Back on Track? Posted on Oct 31, 2016 U.S. Embassy London / CC BY-ND 2.0 
The parallels are striking. In the last decades of the nineteenth century – the so-called “Gilded Age”— America experienced inequality on a scale it had never before seen, combining wild opulence and searing poverty. 
American industry consolidated into a few giant monopolies, or trusts, headed by “robber barons” who wielded enough power to drive out competitors. A few Wall Street titans like J.P. Morgan controlled the nation’s finances. 
These men used their huge wealth to rig the system. Their lackeys literally deposited stacks of money on the desks of pliant legislators, prompting the great jurist Louis Brandeis to tell America it a choice: “We may have democracy, or we may have wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we cannot have both.“ 
We face a similar choice today. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Then, America chose democracy. President Theodore Roosevelt, railing against the “ malefactors of great wealth ,” broke up the trusts. And he pushed Congress to end the most blatant forms of corruption. 
His fifth cousin, FDR, went further – enacting social insurance for the elderly, the unemployed, and the disabled; a minimum wage and forty-hour workweek; the right to unionize; compensation for workers injured on the job; and strict limits on Wall Street. 
In other words, between 1870 and 1900, American capitalism got off track. Between 1901 and 1937 (the effective end of the New Deal), America put capitalism back on track. 
We’re now in the Second Gilded Age, and American capitalism is again off track. It takes about three generations for Americans to forget how our system, unattended, goes wrong. And then to right it. 
Inequality is now nearly at the same level it was in the late nineteenth century. Half of all families are poorer today than they were a decade-and-a-half ago, the pay of CEOs and Wall Street bankers is in the stratosphere, and child poverty is on the rise. 
Meanwhile, American industry is once again consolidating – this time into oligopolies dominated by three or four major players . You can see it in pharmaceuticals, high tech, airlines, food, Internet service, communications, health insurance, and finance. 
The biggest Wall Street banks, having brought the nation to the brink of destruction a few years ago, are once again exercising vast economic power. And big money has taken over American politics. 
Will we put capitalism back on track, as we did before? 
The vile election of 2016 doesn’t seem to offer much hope. But future historians looking back on the tumult might see the start of another era of fundamental reform. 
Today’s uprising against the established order echoes the outrage average Americans felt in the late nineteenth century when they pushed Congress to enact the Sherman Antitrust Act, and when Democratic presidential candidate William Jennings Bryan fulminated against big business and finance. 
One hundred twenty years later, Bernie Sanders – the unlikeliest of presidential candidates – won 22 states and 46 percent of the pledged delegates in the Democratic primaries, and pushed Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party to adopt many of his proposals. 
At the same time, Donald Trump – a faux populist – has laid bare the deep discontents of America’s white working class, which both parties have long neglected. Not incidentally, Trump has also jeopardized the social fabric of America and nearly destroyed the Republican Party. 
Hopefully some of America’s current elite will conclude, as it did at the turn of the last century, that they’d do better with a smaller share of a growing economy fueled by a flourishing middle class, in a society whose members feel the system is basically fair, than in one riven by social and political strife. 
History has proven the early generation of reformers correct. While other nations opted for communism or fascism, Americans chose to make capitalism work for the many rather than the few. 
If Donald Trump is elected next week, all bets are off. 
But if Hillary Clinton assumes the presidency, could she become another Teddy or Franklin D. Roosevelt? 
You may think her too much of an establishment figure, too close to the moneyed interests, too cautious. But no one expected dramatic reform when each of the Roosevelts took the reins. They were wealthy patricians, in many respects establishment figures. Yet each rose to the occasion. 
Perhaps she will, too. The timing is right, and the need is surely as great as it was over a century ago. 
As Mark Twain is reputed to have quipped, “history doesn’t repeat itself, but it often rhymes.”",0
5479,7 Wikileaks Hillary Revelations The Media Won’t Cover,"7 Wikileaks Hillary Revelations The Media Won’t Cover Trump should win based on Hillary's corruption alone David G. Brown | Return of Kings - October 27, 2016 Comments 
The recent Wikileaks revelations about the Clintons, the Clinton campaign, media collusion, and the various hypocrisies of the Democratic Party are groundbreaking in both their scope and depth. 
The sheer number of hacked emails covering so many topics, combined with the shadiness of the activities involved, should have already handed Donald Trump the election. 
Alas, the media, whose collusion with the Clinton campaign is laid out in many of the emails, will not have a bar of reporting them in a professional, ethical fashion. The following seven email exchanges have either been deliberately suppressed by mainstream outlets or given the slimmest coverage to feebly ward off accusations that they are in the de facto service (or pocket) of Hillary Clinton. 
1. “Women’s advocate” Hillary Clinton admits that Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund ISIS, but refuses to rebuke them for it 
After rounding on Donald Trump for very tamely calling former Miss Universe Alicia Machado “Miss Piggy,” one might think that Hillary Clinton has the interests of women at heart. Her admission that Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund female-enslaving ISIS tells another story.",0
5480,Report Exposes Inner Workings of Facebook and How Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed,"posted by Eddie Censorship by Facebook has become a thorn in the side of nearly anyone with an opinion differing from the narrative touted by the corporate press — for instance, sentiments not praising Hillary Clinton — and now, through both a new report from Reuters and emails published by Wikileaks, we have insight into why certain posts are targeted. Facebook relies on a combination of artificial intelligence and human judgment to remove posts deemed offensive, violent, or otherwise unacceptable to its community standards — but precisely how the ultimate call to take down posts, pages, and groups are made remains unknown. And Facebook takedowns, no matter the improvements to the process the social media behemoth claims to make, have been no less controversial or questionable — and those whose posts are censored have little if any recourse to argue their case. Recent examples of head-scratchers which led to an international uproar, include Facebook’s removal of the iconic Vietnam War photograph of Phan Thị Kim Phúc — who, at just 9-years-old, was captured on film by an Associated Press photographer fleeing the aftermath of an errant napalm attack near a Buddhist pagoda in the village of Trang Bang. That photograph helped cement in the collective American mind the horrors of the war, and ultimately fueled the success of the anti-war effort — but Facebook arbitrarily pulled the image for nudity — and proceeded even to ban the page of the Conservative prime minister of Norway for also posting the image. Ultimately, the social media company reversed course in that case — but not before also taking down the equally iconic image of civil rights leader Rosa Park’s arrest. But taking down of the image of Kim Phúc might not have been simply an error of AI, since it had been used as a specific example in training the teams responsible for content removal, two unnamed former Facebook employees told Reuters . “Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy, despite its historical significance, because it depicted a naked child, in distress, photographed without her consent, the employees told Reuters.” In the final decision to reverse that censorship, Facebook head of the community operations division, Justin Osofsky, admitted it had been a “mistake.” According to Reuters , to whom many current and former Facebook employees spoke on condition of anonymity, the process of judging which posts deserve to be remove and which should be allowed will, in certain instances, be left to the discretion of a small cadre of the company’s elite executives. In addition to Osofsky, Global Policy Chief Monika Bickert; government relations chief, Joel Kaplan; vice president for public policy and communications, Elliot Schrage; and Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg make the final call on censorship and appeals. “All five studied at Harvard, and four of them have both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the elite institution. All but Sandberg hold law degrees. Three of the executives have longstanding personal ties to Sandberg,” the outlet notes. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also occasionally offers guidance in difficult decisions. But there are others. Company spokeswoman Christine Chen explained, “Facebook has a broad, diverse and global network involved in content policy and enforcement, with different managers and senior executives being pulled in depending on the region and the issue at hand.” For those on the receiving end of what could only be described as lopsided and inexplicable censorship, recourse is generally limited and can be nearly impossible to come by. Often, the nature of posts and pages removed insinuates political motivations on the part of the censors. Indeed, and once again flaring international controversy, Facebook disabled , among others, the accounts of editors of Quds and Shehab New Agency — prominent Palestinian media organizations — without explanation or even a specific example given for justification. Although three of four Palestinian-focused accounts were restored, Facebook refused to comment to either Reuters or the accounts’ owners why the decision was reversed, except to say it had been an ‘error.’ In fact, although Chen and other Facebook insiders spoke with Reuters directly about contentious content removal policies and procedures, many details of the processes remain covert and sorely intransparent to the public who is so often forced to cope with the consequences. Earlier this year, an exposé by Gizmodo showing Facebook’s suppression of conservative outlets via its “Trending Topics” section appeared to evidence extreme bias in favor of liberal and corporate media mainstays. Alternative media, too, which provides reports counter to the mainstream political and foreign policy paradigm, has often been the subject of controversial take-downs, censorship, and suppressive tactics — either directly by Facebook, or through convoluted algorithms and artificial intelligence bots. However, considering Sheryl Sandberg and her loyalists populate the top-level group deciding the fate for content removal complaints, it would appear Wikileaks could provide answers for both post censorship and suppression of outlets not vowing complete fealty to the preferred, left-leaning narrative. In a June 4, 2015, email to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta — an enormous cache of whose emails are still being published on a daily basis by Wikileaks — penned by Sandberg in response to condolences on the death of her husband, states , in part, “And I still want HRC to win badly. I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” After a wave of post removals and temporary page bans, it appears Facebook has begun to come to its senses for what actually violates community standards — and what might have political worth contrary to the views of its executives. Senior members of Facebook’s policy team recently posted about the laxing of rules governing community standards, which — though welcome — might only provide temporary relief. Quoted by the Wall Street Journal , they wrote : “In the weeks ahead, we’re going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy, significant, or important to the public interest—even if they might otherwise violate our standards.” While the social media giant deems itself a technology, and not news, platform, Facebook is still the bouncing off point for issues of interest for an overwhelming percentage of its users. Although it perhaps has some responsibility in regard to the removal of certain content, putting censorship in the hands of only a few individuals in certain instances is a chilling reminder of the fragility — and grave importance — of free speech. source:",0
5481,Scenes From Hurricane Matthew’s Capricious Path - The New York Times,"It was first noticed as a bit of meteorological arcana. An alert from the National Hurricane Center at 2 p. m. on Sept. 22 noted that a tropical wave had been detected moving off the west coast of Africa but gave it little likelihood of developing into a major storm. Still, develop it did, becoming a textbook example of how storms follow no textbook. It then mushroomed into the strongest hurricane in the Atlantic since Hurricane Felix in 2007, killing, by some estimates, more than 800 people in Haiti, slamming into the Bahamas and then skirting a razor’s edge that, had it been a few miles south and west, could have caused catastrophic damage in Florida. By Saturday, it was barely a hurricane, with maximum sustained winds of 75 miles per hour, but it still had the potential to bring heavy rain and flooding to the Carolinas. Dieulifaite Derlus, Maria Ageeb, Ed Kelley and Todd Neville had nothing in common  —   until the storm hit, leaving behind stories of disaster and disaster narrowly averted. Here are some of them. His family safe, Mr. Derlus carefully retraced his steps atop the back wall behind his home on Tuesday, making one final trip to save a few valuables. But the wind was too strong, knocking him off the ledge and into the rush of muddy water below. Before he could get up, the wall fell, too, unable to withstand the  . p. h. gusts. It toppled right on top of him. Neighbors spotted Mr. Derlus, 62, and carried him, semiconscious, from hospital to hospital. Each one turned him away. There were no doctors to help. As he approached the third hospital, he died in the neighbors’ arms. “He was the pillar of our family,” said Maude Levius, his wife, holed up with their five children in the one room of the house that was not destroyed. They don’t know where they will bury him, or how they will pay for it. Their furniture, clothes and other possessions were washed away in the storm. “We have no idea what we’re going to do now,” Ms. Levius, 56, said. Mr. Derlus was the family’s sole bread winner, his job as a driver for a government agency providing for all seven of them. “I don’t know how God will provide for us. ” When the shingles started popping off the roof and she realized she could not make it to the main house, Ms. Ageeb thought she knew where she would be safe  —   in the bathroom of the   apartment where she lived behind the house where she and her three brothers had grown up. Ms. Ageeb, 34, a lawyer, recalled what happened next on Thursday around 11 a. m. as the peak of the storm’s fury was hitting. “Suddenly, half of the ceiling just lifted up and blew right off,” she said. “Luckily, I had already packed my passport and valuables in a backpack, just in case. All I had to do was grab it and go. ” She fought her way down the external stairs in the middle of winds nearing 140 m. p. h. and was sure at one point that she would be blown away. “The wind started pushing me from side to side,” she said. “It almost pulled my glasses off my face and I stumbled, trying to grab hold of them, because without them, I’m blind. I made it to the bottom, and my brothers helped me. ” From their house, they watched as the other half of the roof was blown away and everything she owned was exposed to the storm. Ms. Ageeb’s home is one of many that were badly damaged in the area. Homes, shops and service stations lost roofs and windows, sea walls collapsed and several areas were severe flooded. There has been no official report of the extent of the damage. Ms. Ageeb captured the aftermath on a video. “I can’t stop shaking,’’ she said. “I’m still a nervous wreck. I just want this to stop so we can just get on with cleaning up and trying to see what we can salvage. ” “Our country, this island, is going to need a lot of help,” Ms. Ageeb added. “We’ve always helped all the other islands, and I think this time now we’re definitely going to need help. I don’t know from who or from where, but we’re definitely going to need help. ” The authorities in Volusia County were urging people to evacuate from their beachfront communities. The storm was lurking, threatening, frightening. But for a time, Mr. Kelley, the mayor of Ormond Beach, had no plans to leave. “Originally, we weren’t going to board it up,” Mr. Kelley said of his home, which is a few miles inland and not far from Daytona Beach, the typically   stock car racing hub. “We just thought we’d take a chance. ” But Mr. Kelley ultimately had a realization, pushed along by the demands of his children: Maybe, as a local government official, he should follow the recommendations of a local government. “Why are we telling people to leave? Because it’s dangerous,” Mr. Kelley said. “When did you decide? When you start thinking: ‘Well, we’re telling everybody else to leave. Why am I here? ’” So, he concluded, “We actually heeded the advice that was given by us and others. ” By the time Mr. Kelley left the city on Thursday, he said that he had also recognized that the storm might leave him out of reach at a perilous moment for Ormond Beach, a city of about 41, 000 where the oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller used to spend winters. “I don’t know what I was going to do staying there because we knew, absolutely, that we were going to lose power,” Mr. Kelley said in an interview from Gainesville, where he had taken refuge and, by Friday afternoon, acknowledged that an evacuation had been a wise choice. “The preparations were done,” he said. “There was no decision that I would have had to make that couldn’t have been from here. ” Mr. Neville, an accountant in St. Augustine, watched the damage unfold. As water rushed into his city, he glimpsed a partly submerged white sport utility vehicle. He listened as the palm trees twisted and as the rain pounded a roof. But Mr. Neville was nowhere near St. Augustine. Instead, from a haven on the other side of the state, he used his cellphone to watch the ravaging of a    city in real time. It is one way technology is taking at least some of the uncertainty out of disastrous storms. You cannot control the weather, but you can see its damage even when you’re elsewhere. Mr. Neville’s ability to keep watch on St. Augustine was born of gadgetry and fraternity: The images that poured onto his cellphone often came from surveillance cameras that he and other members of his regular Friday morning breakfast group at Georgie’s Diner had installed at their homes and offices. On the Friday morning when Hurricane Matthew passed about 30 miles from St. Augustine, Mr. Neville was safe and dry near Tampa. The updates still flowed. There was the panning video from a jeweler that showed nature’s disconcerting powers, and an image from a friend named Chris that showed the floodwaters rising around the pumps of a Shell gas station that shares a parking lot with Georgie’s. Yet Mr. Neville said he knew the destruction could have been far worse in a city that was the capital of Florida before it was a state. It would have been worse, Mr. Neville knew, had some forecasts held and the storm edged any closer to land. “I remember looking at the 5 a. m. update and thinking, ‘Thank goodness it’s 35 miles offshore,’” Mr. Neville said. “Until that 5 a. m. update, for the last three days, we’ve had the bull’  on us. ” St. Augustine is a city accustomed to storms and floodwaters: St. Johns County, of which St. Augustine is the seat, notes on its website that residents are reminded annually “of the vulnerability of our coastal community. ” But Hurricane Matthew’s timing was especially worrisome. “It hit St. Augustine right at high tide,” Mr. Neville said. “During a   high tide, we’ll get minor flooding just from that. And then you throw in a   storm surge, and it’s unbelievable. ” But technology has its limits. As the storm reached peak intensity on Friday, the power went out and the battery backups blinked off. As night fell across Florida on Friday, Mr. Neville’s surveillance camera had not switched on again.",0
5482,"Police Helicopter Deployed, Karaoke Machine Confiscated After Song Mocking Bin Laden Played at Party","A British police officer was moved to activate her panic button after taking offence at a parody song making fun of former   leader Osama bin Laden being played at a garden party, bringing in serious   to a small English village. [The officer pressed the panic button on her   camera after being dispatched to a garden party in a picturesque Cambridgeshire village at around 10pm on Thursday and overhearing a song being played that mocked Osama Bin Laden. Responding to the call for help, the local force dispatched another ten officers and a police helicopter, Cambridge News reports.  It is alleged that in addition to the parody song making fun of the dead terrorist,   were also shouting “  abuse” a suggestion the partygoers deny. Mark Donovan, who attended the party in the Cambridge village  —   which dates back to the time of the Domesday Book  —   spoke to the paper after the incident, and said: “We was having a summer’s evening in my neighbour’s garden as we don’t have one. We had our karaoke machine on playing music through our phones from YouTube which are all approved songs. “It was about 10pm and the music may have been a little loud but it was before 11pm. Someone must have made a complaint, and a police officer attended our address, at which time a song from YouTube called the Bin Laden Song came on. “This police officer said she took offence at the song and pressed her panic button on her body cam and that’s when about ten police turned up and the police helicopter. “They are now investigating it as a racist crime. It is ridiculous. ” Police have seized the karaoke machine.  ",0
5483,"API Reports A Build, DOE A Draw","API Reports A Build, DOE A Draw by IWB · October 26, 2016 Tweet 
You cannot make this up…one could almost think an election was nigh… 
The “”markets”” were selling off and the VIX had just crossed into important bear territory when – surprise! – the DOE completely reversed the API report (which reported a larger than expected BUILD) and reported a DRAW. 
Now, I am prone to thinking that nearly all “”markets”” are in full shenanigan mode right now, I confess to that, but that comes from having a lot of context and possibly too much information. 
I knew that a major 400,000 barrel per day pipeline taking oil away from Cushing had broken a few days ago, so I wasn’t surprised to hear of a build. 
Pipeline remains closed following oil spill in Oklahoma 
Updated: 3:50 PM CDT Oct 25, 2016 
(AP) — A Seaway Crude Pipeline Co. pipeline that spilled oil at a storage hub in Oklahoma remained closed Tuesday, according to a spokesman for Houston-based Enterprise Products Partners, a 50 percent owner of Seaway. 
“As of right now we don’t have an estimate of when it will be back up,” as officials are trying to determine the cause of the spill that happened shortly before midnight Sunday in Cushing, spokesman Rick Rainey said. 
CUSHING, Oklahoma – While crews in Cushing continue to clean up oil after a pipeline break early Monday morning, the spill is stoking fears about what may be to come for the nation’s oil hub. 
The Seaway Pipeline is one of the largest in the nation, running 500 miles from Cushing to refineries in Freeport, Texas. Because it’s two pipelines, the owning company Enterprise could shut down one and keep oil flowing, but only 450,000 barrels per day. 
The section of pipe that burst can carry 50,000 barrels of oil or roughly 2.75 million gallons. 
So right on top of the reported build and right on top of a major break in one of the largest oil pipelines carrying crude AWAY from Cushing, what’s a “”market”” manipulating government lackey to do? 
Why report a surprise DRAW, thereby spiking oil, and indeed the entire US equity “”markets” because, such as. 
This all feels about as believable as anything else this (s)election cycle. 
Chris",0
5484,"Trump Welcomes Wife of Venezuelan Political Prisoner, Keeping Vow to Oppressed Latinos - Breitbart","President Donald Trump met Lilian Tintori, the wife of Venezuela’s most prominent prisoner of conscience, at the White House Wednesday night, demanding freedom for Popular Will party leader Leopoldo López “immediately. ”[  The President met Tintori along with Vice President Mike Pence and Senator Marco Rubio, who had delivered a speech against the oppressive Venezuelan socialist regime to the Senate floor on Wednesday. Trump posted a photo of the group together to Twitter Wednesday night, with the message “Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner  husband of @liliantintori (just met   @marcorubio) out of prison immediately. ”  Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner  husband of @liliantintori (just met   @marcorubio) out of prison immediately. pic. twitter.   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017,   The Miami Herald notes that Trump did not appear to have a meeting with Tintori scheduled, but instead a dinner with former Republican primary rival Marco Rubio. The two appeared to agree to cooperate in the interest of helping Tintori and López. Rubio delivered a speech on the Senate floor Wednesday demanding the United States do more to help López and other political prisoners in the South American nation, arrested for organizing peaceful assemblies. Rubio delivered a speech on the Senate floor Wednesday in López’s defense, calling him “a Venezuelan opposition leader who three years ago this week led peaceful demonstrations against the regime of Nicolas Maduro  —   and he was thrown in jail for it. ” Of Tintori, he said she “is an incredibly brave woman who does not rest as she continues advocating for her husband’s release and the release of all political prisoners. And continues to fight for a free and democratic Venezuela. ” The Venezuelan government arrested López in 2014 for organizing a peaceful   protest and sentenced him to 13 years in prison. Tintori has since taken on the mantle of advocating for the freedom of Venezuelans worldwide. In December, Tintori chained herself to the walls of the Vatican seeking a meeting with Pope Francis but did not receive an invitation. The Pope met with her once months before that protest. In his meeting with Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro, however, Pope Francis vowed to “take any step that would contribute to resolving open questions and generate greater trust between the parties. ” President Trump repeatedly promised Latin Americans from oppressed countries that he would use the Oval Office to advocate for freedom in their homelands. He particularly singled out Venezuela and Cuba, the latter with which President Barack Obama expanded diplomatic relations, as requiring his attention. President Trump has also made empowering women a priority of his administration.  ",0
5485,Scattering of paedophile priests fine but not their ashes,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 19:25 UTC © Waterford Whispers News In a bid to clear up any confusion about their latest ruling on the cremated remains of loved ones, the Vatican confirmed it is still alright to scatter paedophile priests wherever they want, but not ashes. Yesterday the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church urged followers not to scatter the ashes of the dead after cremation and instead to store them in places approved by the Church. ""We'll make all the decisions on who and what goes where, thank you very much,"" German cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller, the prefect of the doctrinal watchdog, told WWN, ""Scattering the remains of loved ones on unholy ground will only ruin their chances of staying in heaven. But the scattering of paedophile priests is fine, though; when we're doing it,"" before adding, ""Please leave all the important decisions on the welfare of others to us. We won't let any of our worshipers down"". The latest move comes just 53 years after the Vatican 'legalised' cremation, mirroring the amount of time it takes for the church to act on various different subjects, including child sex abuse. ""We don't make decisions lightly here, so we like to take our time,"" the Cardinal admitted, ""But when we do, we like to make sure that they are the best decisions tailored for the financial gain of our multi-billion euro a year organisation"". A two-page instruction issuing new rules on cremation also said that there were even some cases where a Christian funeral could be denied to those who request that ashes be scattered. ""There is absolutely no profit for us if someone gets cremated and spread over some field for free,"" Muller pointed out, breathing on a 24 carrot ring on his hand before polishing it on his silk gown, ""We offer an array of allotments across the world, and at a bargain price too. We'll even throw in an annual mass and a few prayers graveside for any cremated relative wishing to be buried on sacred ground"". Allotments can range anywhere between €5,000 to €19,000 for a family plot, with the church charging over €20,000 for extra holy burial slots.",0
5486,Justin Amash: ‘We Need a Change in Direction from this Speaker or We Need a New Speaker’ - Breitbart,"Congressman Justin Amash ( ) said that if the House of Representatives does not change course, Republicans might need a new Speaker. [The Michigan conservative responded to a question about gridlock in Washington, saying, “We need either a change in direction from this speaker, or we need a new speaker. ”  Rep. Amash added that the speaker should be replaced with someone who is “nonpartisan. ” Congressman Amash also criticized the House Republican leadership. He said, “When we go home for the weekend, they give us a set of talking points. They say, ‘Here are your talking points.’ That’s not the way you’re supposed to represent a community. ” Congressman Amash echoes the sentiment of other conservatives who wonder if Ryan should lead the House. Lou Dobbs, a Fox Business anchor, called on Paul Ryan to resign after the Obamacare repeal fiasco. Ryan seems hell bound on destroying the GOP and working against the American people  …    It’s time for Speaker Ryan to resign. #MAGA #Dobbs pic. twitter.   —   Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) March 14, 2017,  Judge Jeanine Pirro called for Paul Ryan to resign in her opening monologue after the House Republicans failed to pass Ryancare: Paul Ryan needs to step down as speaker of the house. The reason? He failed to deliver the votes on his healthcare bill, the one trumpeted to repeal and replace Obamacare, the one that he had seven years to work on, the one he had under lock and key in the basement of Congress, the one that had to be pulled to prevent the embarrassment of not having enough votes to pass. Congressman Mark Meadows, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, said that there are “no conversations going on” in his caucus about replacing Ryan. Congressman Amash later tried to recenter the conversation towards his constituents at the town hall, saying, “I’m the one holding a town hall here —   not Donald Trump. ”",0
5487,Politico: The Trump Revolution Began in California - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump lost California by a wide margin in November. Yet the state was crucial to his surprise victory overall  —   thanks to the large number of Californians on his team, and to the specific issues he highlighted on the trail. [A new profile by Scott Lucas of Politico, “How California Gave Us Trumpism,” highlights these factors  —   as well as the unique role played by Breitbart California in coverage of the shocking murder of Kate Steinle on July 1, 2015:  The signal California moment for the marriage of Claremont constitutionalism and Breitbart spectacle came in July 2015, not long after Trump had launched his presidential campaign. On that day, Juan Francisco   an undocumented immigrant from Mexico who had been deported five times, allegedly fired three shots from a handgun while walking along the waterfront in San Francisco. One of those bullets ricocheted off the pavement and struck a    passerby named Kathryn Steinle in the back. She died two hours later in a nearby hospital. Breitbart feasted on the story, which it depicted as the ultimate proof of California’s decline and, more broadly, the grievous consequences of unconstitutional immigration run amok. San Francisco’s city leaders were criticized for prioritizing sanctuary city policies in a play for Latino votes, rather than carrying out their basic public safety functions. Mass immigration, the erosion of constitutional norms and   liberal politicians all played a role in Steinle’s death, Breitbart argued. From “Unchecked Immigration: A Greater Threat to The USA Than ISIS” and “SF Supervisors Refuse to Answer Questions About Steinle’s Death,” the site published more than 100 news and opinion articles about Steinle’s death. On the campaign trail, Trump quickly held up the incident as the epitome of a broken immigration system. “My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!” the candidate tweeted days after the killing, adding “We need a wall!” Less than a week later, Breitbart News reported that Trump had surged in a poll of its readers, climbing to second place in the GOP primary field, behind Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. “Trump’s message about illegal immigration may resonate even more” after the shooting, the site reported, presciently. Lucas correctly identifies the Kate Steinle moment as a turning point in the campaign. As Breitbart News explained in September 2016, it was Trump’s effort to highlight the plight of the victims of crimes by illegal aliens that shifted the entire Republican primary race. As “Blue State Blues: The Graph That Explains Donald Trump’s Surge” recounted: On July 10, 2015, former Florida governor Jeb Bush was the frontrunner, at 16. 3%. Donald Trump was a distant seventh, with just 6. 5% of the vote. Keep in mind that Trump had been running against illegal immigration since he launched his campaign more than three weeks before, with his infamous remarks about illegal aliens from Mexico. None of that had resonated much. And then, on July 1,    Kate Steinle was shot and killed in San Francisco while strolling along a pier with her father. The murderer, Juan Francisco   had been deported five times before, and had been convicted of seven felonies. He later told a local journalist that he had specifically come to San Francisco because it was a “sanctuary city” that would not cooperate with federal immigration officials or enforce immigration laws. Breitbart News focused on that story in the days that followed. Breitbart California’s Michelle Moons, who had covered the protests in Murietta against   illegal alien children who had surged across the Mexican border exactly a year before, wrote a series of articles about Steinle. She used her extensive sources in the law enforcement community, as well as among families who had lost loved ones to crimes by illegal aliens, to build the details of the story and place it in a broader context. That was when Trump began to show an interest in meeting with those families, who had reached out to him in the days after the Steinle murder. He met with them on July 10 in Los Angeles, and the enduring image of that event was of the   Donald Trump standing silently as he listened to the families pouring out their grief.   …     From that moment, Trump took off in the polls, and almost never looked back. From seventh place in the RealClearPolitics average on July 10, Trump shot to first by July 19. His dramatic rise is all the more surprising given that only 7 percent of Americans called immigration the “most important problem” facing the country in a Gallup poll taken over the same period. By listening to the families, and giving them a voice, Trump was no longer speaking of illegal immigration in the abstract, but in a concrete, human way. In so doing, he connected with others who had been victimized, or ignored, by their own government on so many issues, from trade to Obamacare. That September 2016 article concluded: “The question now is whether Trump can convince enough voters by November 8 to trust him, as the victims’ families do. ” Of course, we now know the answer. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5488,5 Border Horrors Establishment Media Mostly Ignore,"The brutality that comes from the open border between the U. S. and Mexico is often unreported or never brought up again after an initial report by news outlets in both countries  —   Mexican journalists often lose their lives for such reporting U. S. journalists simply avoid such reports for political reasons. Even in the cases where establishment media have covered the horrors, they do not include the previous reports in current news or discussions about border issues. Let’s look at five egregious examples. [1. “Rape trees” exist in remote regions of southern Texas and extend as far as 90 miles from the border.  Brooks County, Texas, is a remote area surrounding a secondary Border Patrol checkpoint nearly 100 miles from the U. S.  border. Mexican   human smugglers attempt to take groups of migrants around the checkpoint  —   often marching them   days in immense heat through dense brush so that they can reach a stash house. The smugglers’ culture takes pride in raping any of the migrants the smuggler deems as attractive and the rapist will often tie a garment from the victim, such a a bra, on the tree under which the rape occurred. Police and federal agents refer to these   trees as “rape trees. ” 2. The bodies of dead migrants are often found   by animals in remote border regions of Texas and Arizona. Authorities routinely find the dead bodies of migrants in The Rio Grande Sector of Texas and in the Tucson Sector of Arizona. In one Texas county, the remains of 552 migrants were discovered in a   period. The Ajo area of the Tucson Sector also sees a large number of bodies discovered. Though these incidents have been reported, they are often not included in current discussions about border security or the pros and cons of changing aspects of border security. 3. Migrants who cross the border without a Mexican cartel’s permission can be subject to beatings and sodomy as retribution for crossing the cartel’s “turf” on U. S. soil. In August 2015, an illegal immigrant crossed through Sinaloa Cartel territory without permission in an effort to illegally enter the U. S. A cartel scout saw the man and ordered a SUV with four gunmen to intercept him. The event occurred near Tucson, Arizona. The illegal immigrant was hospitalized and medical staff spent hours in surgery removing shards of wood from the man’s rectum. He had been severely beaten by the gunmen and sodomized. 4. The bodies of dead migrants have ended up thrown into mass graves in Texas without ever having been identified. This horror occurred in the same Brooks County mentioned previously in this piece. Forensic anthropologists from several universities were horrified to discover that this was occurring and that some were buried in piles and others were buried in kitchen trash bags. 5. Families in Central America often put their daughters on birth control before their illegal journey to the U. S. because there is the expectation of multiple rapes along the way. As Breitbart Texas previously reported: Women and young girls from Central America are routinely given birth control or morning after pills by their mothers in anticipation of the likely sexual assaults that will occur on their illicit journey to the United States. These females are often raped immediately upon making it to their first stop once they arrive in a Mexican stash house from Guatemala. They then are shipped to the U. S.  border, usually to Reynosa, Mexico, immediately south of McAllen, Texas. In the process of making it from the first stash house to the second, the women and young girls are often sexually assaulted or raped again by the smuggler —  or group of smugglers —  taking them between the two locations. The sexual assaults and rapes then often happen again in the second Mexican stash house of their journey. They are then trickled into the U. S. across the porous border and brought to a third stash house in a U. S. border town, usually in or near McAllen, Texas. They are often sexually assaulted or raped again by the operator of the stash house, if they are deemed attractive by the criminals operating the clandestine facility. They are stockpiled until the cartel wants to send a large load of narcotics across the Rio Grande. The cartel then sends a large load of humans across in one area and then a drug load across in another. Once the human beings are in Texas, another smuggler then picks up the women and young girls and drives them with a coyote to a point along Highway 281 just before the Border patrol checkpoint immediately south of Falfurrias, Texas. The checkpoint is approximately 85 miles north of the U. S.  border. This shocking report is not just from Breitbart alone, as even the Huffington Post reports that 80 percent of female migrants are raped or sexually assaulted on the journey from Central America to the U. S. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
5489,"“Sometimes Bill And Hillary Have The Worst Judgment”: Wikileaks Releases Part 22 Of Podesta Files; 36,190 Emails Total","As usual we will go parse through the disclosure and bring you some of the more notable ones. 
* * * 
In a February 2012 email from Chelsea Clinton’s NYU alias, , to Podesta and Mills, Bill and Hillary’s frustrated daughter once again points out the “frustration and confusion” among Clinton Foundation clients in the aftermath of the previously noted scandals plaguing the Clinton consultancy, Teneo: 
Over the past few days a few people from the Foundation have reached out to me frustrated or upset about (fill in the blank largely derived meetings Friday or Monday). I’ve responded to all w/ essentially the following (ie disintermediating myself, again, emphatically) below. I also called my Dad last night to tell him of my explicit non-involvement and pushing all back to you both and to him as I think that is indeed the right answer. Thanks 

Sample: Please share any and all concerns, with examples, without pulling punches, with John and Cheryl as appropriate and also if you feel very strongly with my Dad directly. Transitions are always challenging and to get to the right answer its critical that voices are heard and understood, and in the most direct way – ie to them without intermediation. Particularly in an effort to move more toward a professionalism and efficiency at the Foundation and for my father – and they’re the decision-makers, my Dad most of all 
* * * 
A February 2015 email from Neera Tanden lashes out at David Brock of the Bonner Group, profiled in this post: “ Money Laundering Scheme Exposed: 14 Pro-Clinton Super PACs & Non-Profits Implicated .” As a reminder, the Bonner Group, as we showed last month, may be a money laundering front involving various SuperPACs and non-profit institutions: 

In the email Tanden says that: 
“Brock/Bonner are a nightmare: Really, Suzie Buell isn’t giving to the superpac? I wonder how that got in this story “ Big donors holding off making pledges to pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC “, 
and concludes by saying that “ Sometimes HRC/WJC have the worst judgement .” 
In retrospect, she is right. 
* * * 
Speaking of “donor advisor” Mary Pat Bonner , the following email from March 2009 hints at potential impropriety in shifting money from one democratic donor group to another, the Center for American Progress : 
I have moved all the sussman money from unity ’09 to cap and am reviewing the others . I will assess it and keep you informed 
Something else for the DOJ to look into after the elections, perhaps? 
* * * 
And then there is this email from August 2015 in which German politician Michael Werz advises John Podesta that Turkish president Erdogan “is making substantial investments in U.S. to counter opposition (CHP, Kurds, Gulenists etc.) outreach to policymakers” and the US Government. 
John, heard this second hand but more than once. Seems Erdogan faction is making substantial investments in U.S. to counter opposition (CHP, Kurds, Gulenists etc.) outreach to policymakers and USG. Am told that the Erdogan crew also tries to make inroads via donations to Democratic candidates, including yours. Two names that you should be aware of are *Mehmet Celebi* and *Ali Cinar*. Happy to elaborate on the phone, provided you are not shopping at the liquor store. 
The email : 
This should perhaps explain why the US has so far done absolutely nothing to halt Erdogan’s unprecedented crackdown on “coup plotters” which has seen as many as 100,000 workers lose their jobs, be arrested, or otherwise removed from Erdogan’s political opposition. Share:",0
5490,Republicans Expand Control in a Deeply Divided Nation - The New York Times,"SOMERS, Wis.  —   It is the stunning paradox of American politics. In a bitterly divided nation, where Tuesday’s vote once again showed a country almost evenly split between Democrats and Republicans, one party now dominates almost everything in American governance. With Donald J. Trump’s win, Republicans will soon control the White House, both chambers of Congress, the tilt of the Supreme Court, more state legislative chambers than any time in history, and more governor’s offices than they have held in nearly a century. Republican leaders say that shift  —   to a level of   control that some historians said the Republicans have not seen since the 1920s  —   will finally end gridlock in   Washington. They say it will allow the party to charge forward on pledges to change policies on health care, immigration and taxes, and expedite changes that have long been sought in the states. Democrats say the change has the potential to undo years of legislation meant to ensure a more equitable America, upend progress fighting climate change, leave millions stranded without health insurance and usher in harsh laws against immigrants. Experts said that no one thing handed the Republicans so much power, even in places like this that were once reliably blue. The current power balance reflects, among other things, the extraordinary dynamics of a race featuring a   outsider against the first female major party nominee, the vagaries of turnout in a nation where roughly half of registered voters cast ballots, the systematic redrawing of political maps in ways that favored Republicans, and frustration among voters over lost jobs, low wages and the nation’s changing racial and ethnic mix. “That’s just the way it broke,” said Tim Storey, an elections expert at the National Conference of State Legislatures. “Republicans thought they were playing defense, and Democrats thought that it was going to be a good year for them, but Republicans outpaced them and came out as strong as they went in, all across the board. ” At the state level, the outcome means 24 states will be under full Republican control in legislatures and governor’s offices, clearing the way for new policy. Only six states will now have legislatures and governor’s offices exclusively dominated by Democrats, Mr. Storey said. Matt Walter, the president of the Republican State Leadership Committee, said the Republican sweep has been mounting for years, particularly in state legislatures, where Republicans have grown increasingly dominant since 2010. During President Obama’s time in office, Democratic state lawmakers lost more than 800 legislative seats. “The personalities this time were so big and the drama was so big and so rapidly changing and consumed so many people’s attention that it in some respects blinded them to this trend line that this has been bubbling up for many years,” Mr. Walter said. “It really is the manifestation of this change that we’ve been seeing bubbling up from the bottom for many cycles now. ” In theory,   control in a divided nation might spur lawmakers to find bipartisan answers to bipartisan problems. But few people expect that. In Wisconsin, where Republicans took hold of state government years ago though the populace remained somewhat split politically, the political leaders have done the opposite  —   pressing forward with a conservative agenda that has included   measures to reduce labor power, limit abortions and add restrictions on voting that disproportionately affect Democratic constituencies. On Tuesday, Wisconsinites chose a Republican for president, something they had not done since 1984, propelled by worries over the economy and a desire to shake up Washington. Mr. Trump beat Hillary Clinton by about 1 percentage point, or about 27, 000 votes. Some voters here said that they were encouraged by a flip to Republican control of Wisconsin’s Legislature and governor’s office six years ago, and favored Mr. Trump in the hopes that he would deliver more of the same to the nation. “Since 2011, we have made decisions one after another  —   some controversial, many, many bipartisan  —   to move Wisconsin forward,” Robin Vos, the speaker of the State Assembly, said on Wednesday. “And I think that’s the model that we want to use as we go to look at what Washington, D. C. should do. Stick to your principles. Remember the people who actually sent you to get things done. ” Wisconsin’s   switch to Republican control was not without a battle. In 2011, thousands of demonstrators furiously protested efforts to limit labor union power, including sharply cutting collective bargaining rights for most   workers. Gov. Scott Walker soon faced a recall election, which he won. Labor unions shrank significantly in the state, and the Republicans pressed on with other parts of their agenda, including voter ID requirements and redrawing political maps. On Tuesday night, the Wisconsin Legislature remained firmly in the hands of Republicans, including what leaders described as their largest majority in the Assembly since 1956. “The Republicans didn’t work with the Democrats at all,” said Chris Larson, a state senator, who was among a group of Democratic lawmakers who fled to Illinois for weeks in 2011 in an unsuccessful attempt to block passage of the   cuts. “They came in and just did everything as fast as they could. They jammed through everything. And pretty quickly, they had everything they wanted. ” In more than a dozen interviews in Somers, a bedroom community on Lake Michigan dominated by farms, small businesses and a public university, many residents said they were pleasantly surprised to wake up to the news Wednesday morning that their state had flipped from blue to red. They said the deepening conservatism had been years in the making. They had grown discontented with Mr. Obama’s policies, particularly the Affordable Care Act, and were turned off by Mrs. Clinton, whom they saw as untrustworthy. At Tina’s Somers Inn on the village’s main commercial strip, one group of retirees sat at a table playing their regular game of euchre while Fox News was on a nearby television. “We’re still a mix of Democrats and Republicans here  —   I don’t think you could call us a red state,” said Dianne Hegewald, 71. “I have very close friends who are Democrats. But the Republican regime is just doing a better job right now. ” Karen Ashton, the owner of a gift shop in Somers, said she was a registered independent but was eager for Republicans to have full control of all branches of government. “Now they’ll really be able to get things done,” she said. Some of her friends and neighbors in town are farmers who have been hurt by Environmental Protection Agency regulations and high taxes, she said, sipping a kombucha tea. “They’re sick of the government,” she said. “They think that with Trump in there, he can fix all of that. ”   rule can produce results, experts say, and it can also produce changes that will benefit the party in power. Control tends to breed more: Legislators have the ability to redraw political maps in the coming years and establish voting rules that benefit their party. Cooperation between state and federal leaders of a single party can speed along results, from infrastructure projects to federal grants. But there are risks, too. Charging too far too fast can cause blowback as quickly as in elections just two years from now. “There’s always a danger of overreach,” said KC Johnson, a professor of history at Brooklyn College. He noted the Republican dominance in the 1920s, when, he said, a debate over cultural issues tended to overshadow mounting economic questions that eventually culminated in the Great Depression. “The contrast between attention paid to issues that ultimately proved unimportant and attention not paid to issues that became important later on is interesting. We know how the 1920s end,” he said. It is hard to measure control of so many offices with numeric precision, but he said that Democrats had probably last held a level of power similar to what the Republicans have now between 1937 and 1945. “The evidence is mixed on unified government,” said William Howell, a political scientist at the University of Chicago. “There is a fair bit of historical evidence that Congress enacts more laws during periods of unified government. But in this period of slim majorities and rampant obstructionism, past trends may not hold. ” Fred Risser, a Democratic Wisconsin state senator who is the   state lawmaker in the nation, said the stakes of the Republicans’ dominance for the nation’s policy  —   for taxes, education policy, environmental regulation  —   were enormous. Yet Mr. Risser, 89, who first held political office in 1956, said the risks for the Republicans were also large. “They’ve got everything now, and so everything that happens they are responsible for and no one can blame the Democrats anymore. It’s always difficult to control everything. They have a lot to lose. ” Linda Truesdell, whose family has lived in the Somers area since the 1820s, said on Wednesday that she was disheartened by the Republican takeover. She had twice voted for Mr. Obama, who in 2012 beat Mitt Romney by 12 points in this county on Tuesday, Mr. Trump beat Mrs. Clinton here by less than one percentage point  —   225 votes. “Trump was a television personality and that had a big influence on people,” she said, as she left the town post office and walked toward her pickup truck. “People here are thinking that he’s going to solve their problems. ”",0
5491,Banksy Puts Mark on Bethlehem Hotel With ‘Worst View in the World’ - The New York Times,"Welcome to the “hotel with the worst view in the world. ” Please be mindful of the   art on the walls. The elusive British street artist Banksy has decorated the interiors of the Walled Off Hotel, a   guesthouse in the West Bank city of Bethlehem whose windows overlook the barrier that separates the territory from Israel. Among the rooms decorated by the artist, who has earned a following for tagging walls around the world with witty illustrations and dark political commentaries, is the “Banksy Room. ” In the room, a mural on the wall above a   bed depicts a Palestinian and an Israeli locked in combat  —   only they are having a pillow fight. Banksy, who rarely comments on his work and keeps his real identity a secret, has made trips to the West Bank for years and has previously, under cover of night, painted the barrier itself. On a recent trip, he painted a mural on the barrier, just steps from his current project, showing a girl being pulled aloft by balloons. Last year, four street murals in Gaza were attributed to him, including one depicting a Greek goddess amid the rubble of a destroyed house. In addition to the guest rooms, Banksy has created something of a museum that includes surveillance cameras mounted like taxidermic trophies, a Grecian bust surrounded by a cloud meant to depict tear gas, and a wax statue depicting the signing of the Balfour Declaration, the 1917 letter of British intent to create a Jewish homeland in Palestine. The hotel will open to guests on March 11, with rooms starting at $30 a night. Banksy, who first came to prominence by stenciling artworks on the walls of Bristol, England, has become an international superstar. In 2015, he created an exhibit called Dismaland, in which works by Israeli and Palestinian artists were displayed side by side. Some of Banksy’s works have sold at auction for more than $1 million.",0
5492,The Saudi Royal Family Explained,"Music Track Courtesy of APM Music: “Voyage” 
Subscribe to Seeker Daily! http://bit.ly/1GSoQoY 
Seeker Daily is committed to answering the smart, inquisitive questions we have about life, society, politics and anything else happening in the news. It’s a place where curiosity rules and together we’ll get a clearer understanding of this crazy world we live in. 
Watch more Seeker Daily: http://bit.ly/1GSoQoY 
Seeker Daily now has a newsletter! Get a weekly round-up of our most popular videos across all the shows we make here at Seeker Daily. For more info and to sign-up, click here. http://bit.ly/1UO1PxI 
Seeker Daily on Twitter https://twitter.com/seekerdaily 
Trace Dominguez on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TraceDominguez Jules Suzdaltsev on Twitter: https://twitter.com/jules_su 
Seeker Daily on Facebook http://bit.ly/1qcsFTk 
Seeker Daily on Google+ http://bit.ly/1OmDEQa 
Written by: Jennie Butler Produced by: Cailyn Bradley, Semany Gashaw & Lauren Ellis Share this:",0
5493,World War 3: Putin Declares Norway An ‘Enemy’ Of Russia,"Putin Prepares For World War 3 With Simulated Drills Across Russia 
“This is very dangerous for Norway and Norwegians,” he said. 
“How should we react to this? We have never before had Norway on the list of targets for our strategic weapons. But if this develops, Norway’s population will suffer,” he warned. 
“Because we need to react against definitive military threats. And we have things to react to, I might as well tell it like it is,” Klintsevitsj added. 
Russia has on several occasions criticized the plans to deploy 330 US troops at Værnes. Norway’s defence minister, Ine Eriksen Søreide, has rejected those criticisms and insisted that the deployment does not constitute a US military base but is rather a test run that will be evaluated during 2017. 
“There is no objective reason for the Russians to react to this. But the Russians are reacting at the moment in the same way toward almost everything the Nato countries are doing,” Søreide said. 
Before joining Nato in 1949, Norway allayed Russian fears by pledging not to open its territory to foreign combat troops so long as Norway was not attacked or threatened with attack. 
Norway’s government argues that Nato troops are already training regularly in the country and that the deployment of troops does not equate to the opening of a permanent American base. 
The US already has vast amounts of military equipment positioned in Norway — notably in tunnels dug into mountains — but no troops. 
Klintsevitsj’s remarks bring to mind similar Russian comments made about Norway’s neighbour to the south, Denmark. 
In March 2015, Russia’s ambassador to Denmark warned that Danish ships will become Russian targets if Denmark joins Nato’s missile defence system. 
“I don’t think the Danes fully understand the consequences of what will happen if Denmark joins the American-controlled missile defence. If it happens, Danish war ships will become targets for Russian atomic missiles,” Mikhail Vanin wrote in an opinion piece published by Jyllands-Posten.",0
5494,Hungary’s Lawmakers Reject Plan to Block Resettlement of Refugees - The New York Times,"BUDAPEST  —   Lawmakers in Hungary on Tuesday rejected a proposed national ban on refugees relocated from the rest of the European Union, dealing a rare defeat to Prime Minister Viktor Orban. Mr. Orban submitted a plan to ban the refugees, in the form of a constitutional amendment, last month, after a similar proposal failed to pass by referendum because of insufficient voter turnout. He has vowed to block a European Union program that would resettle migrants from the Middle East and Africa who have gone to countries like Greece and Italy. Under that program, Hungary, a nation of 10 million, would have to accept  1, 294 of a total of about 160, 000 migrants. The amendment needed   of sitting members of the   Parliament to pass. It got 131 votes on Tuesday  —   two shy of the necessary threshold. Three lawmakers voted no, and the rest abstained. The   Jobbik party, which is part of the official opposition but usually sides with Mr. Orban’s Fidesz party on migration issues, was crucial to the defeat of the amendment. Gabor Vona, a lawmaker and the leader of Jobbik, said that his party would support only a solution that “defends Hungary and Hungarian people, not just from poor migrants but from rich migrants, not just from poor terrorists but from rich terrorists. ” He was referring to a rule that allows foreigners who invest over 300, 000 euros, or about $332, 000, in Hungarian bonds to acquire residency. The program dates to 2012, but it has drawn attention recently, after reports that Hungarian bonds could be bought in places like Erbil, Iraq. Critics say that allowing migrants to settle in Hungary could open the door to terrorists from unstable countries like Iraq, and they say the residency program might open the door to corruption. The Fidesz party has been politically weaker since last year, when it lost its supermajority in Parliament. That advantage had allowed Mr. Orban’s government to rewrite the Constitution and to pass legislation to rein in the judiciary and the press, packing some of the country’s top institutions with political allies. Lajos Kosa, an ally of Mr. Orban who leads Fidesz lawmakers in Parliament, said before the vote on Tuesday that the Jobbik party would be “joining the ranks of traitors” if it rejected the amendment. “Hungary can only count on Fidesz and K. D. N. P. in the struggle against migration,” he said as he emerged from the vote, using the initials for the Christian Democratic People’s Party, which is part of the governing coalition. “We are naturally going to continue the struggle,” he said, noting that more than three million voters in the referendum had opted to support the ban on migrants. On Tuesday, analysts were cautious in interpreting the defeat of the amendment as a sign of the government’s declining political power. “I wouldn’t say that this is a huge failure for Orban  —   it’s a failure, but a minor one,” said Csaba Toth, the director of strategy for the Republikon Institute, a research and advocacy group that has been critical of Mr. Orban’s government. “This is the second time the government can’t have their own way, which is important for a group whose main governing strategy is power. ” Last year, Mr. Orban and his government began an aggressive campaign against migrants, particularly those from the Middle East, as hundreds of thousands crossed Hungary’s southern border, most of them en route to Germany. The number of crossings fell nearly to zero after Hungary built a   fence along sections of the border and as the flow of migrants shifted away from the Balkans. Nonetheless, Fidesz’s campaign against migration has continued, and the party’s stance has seized both attention and voters from Jobbik, which had been the main voice for   nationalists. Mr. Toth, the analyst, said that the vote on Tuesday could be seen as an attempt by Jobbik to improve its political standing. “It can say that corruption is more important to Fidesz than the fight against quotas,” he said.",0
5495,US Prepares Device For Troops To Generate Electricity By Walking,"Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Technology // 0 Comments The U.S. military is developing a device that could simultaneously take the load off of a soldier’s back and at the same time generate electricity. 
Simply by walking soldiers could generate electricity that is needed to power an array of high-tech gadgets found in modern backpacks. 
The bionic power knee harvester, also known as the PowerWalk, is an energy-harvesting device that is attached to both the upper and lower areas of both legs and generates power from movement. The device is still in development and field trials are due to begin in 2017. 
The exoskeleton reduces the need of carrying heavy batteries. 
Sputnik reports: 
“ Just by walking, soldiers could generate power,” the Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center’s Project Engineer Noel Soto said in the release. “We are converting the movement of the knees when you walk into useful power. “ 
“The goal is to reduce the amount of batteries used by soldiers, or to be able to extend the mission with the same load,” Soto noted. “Soldiers are carrying a heavy load and a lot of that weight, 16 to 20 pounds for a 72-hour mission, is due to batteries.” 
Soldiers now carry multiple electronic devices that aid in strategy, communication and navigation, including computers, radios, mobile phones, battlefield situational displays and navigation tools, according to the release.",0
5496,Organizers of Ann Coulter Talk at UC Berkeley Fear Further Violence - Breitbart,"Organizers of an event at the University of California Berkeley with conservative firebrand Ann Coulter are fearful of more violence from   anarchist groups, following the riots that took place before an event with former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos last month. [The event, which is scheduled to take place in April, was organized by the nonpartisan student political group BridgeCal and the university’s College Republican group. Plans include a talk on immigration followed by a    session. It will also be sponsored by the Young America’s Foundation, who will pay the majority of Coulter’s $20, 000 speaking fee.  SNOWFLAKES BEWARE: We’re sending @AnnCoulter to Berkeley on April 27. Details to come. #YAFonCampus pic. twitter.   —   YAF (@yaf) March 28, 2017,  However, one of the event’s organizers, Pranav Jandahyala, told CBS San Francisco that the group are “pretty apprehensive right now about everything,” but “truly believe [they] can put on a great event. ” The rioting before Yiannopoulos’s event in February received worldwide attention, as   anarchists destroyed campus property smashed local ATMs and bank windows looted a Starbucks attacked Trump supporters   innocent individuals and set fires in the street. Others spray painted the words “Kill Trump” on storefronts. This time, however, organizers plan to provide more robust security, to honor the tradition of free speech at Berkeley since the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s. “This time we are definitely going to push them to provide more security than they did last time. More officers on the ground instead of in the balcony,” Jandahyala said. In a statement, UC Berkeley said that Coulter’s invitation “in no way suggests our endorsement of a particular point of view, and we will continue to affirm our commitment to the values of diversity, equality, and tolerance that underlie the greatness of Berkeley and, indeed, of our nation. ” However, the university did reaffirm its commitment to free speech, stating that it does not prohibit events “based on a generalized concern that a speaker’s message may trigger disruptions. ” Jandahyala also added that the event will be a chance to ignite heated discussions, where attendees will have the opportunity to challenge Coulter’s views. “So what I challenge you to do is actually confront her. If she comes to speak on campus and there’s no challenge to her viewpoint and people resort to violence and maybe she doesn’t speak, her views go unchallenged,” he continued. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5497,Trump Fires Adviser’s Son From Transition for Spreading Fake News - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump on Tuesday fired one of his transition team’s staff members, Michael G. Flynn, the son of Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, for using Twitter to spread a fake news story about Hillary Clinton that led to an armed confrontation in a pizza restaurant in Washington. The uproar over Mr. Flynn’s Twitter post cast a harsh spotlight on the views that he and his father, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, aired on social media throughout the presidential campaign. Both men have shared fake news stories alleging that Mrs. Clinton committed felonies, and have posted their own Twitter messages that at times have crossed  into Islamophobia. But their social media musings apparently attracted little attention from Mr. Trump or his transition team before a North Carolina man fired a rifle on Sunday inside Comet Ping Pong, which was the subject of false stories tying it and the Clinton campaign to a child sex trafficking ring. Hours after the episode, the younger Mr. Flynn, 33, went on Twitter to say that until “Pizzagate” was proved false, it remained a story. On Tuesday morning, after the post had attracted national attention and it was reported that Mr. Flynn had a transition team email address, Vice   Mike Pence denied that Mr. Flynn had ever worked for the team, saying on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that he had “no involvement in the transition whatsoever. ” But later in the morning, Jason Miller, a transition spokesman, tacitly acknowledged that Mr. Flynn had worked for the transition, saying in a conference call that Mr. Flynn was now no longer involved. Mr. Miller did not say what prompted the dismissal of Mr. Flynn, but two other Trump transition officials said it was tied to his Twitter posting. The move may have cost the younger Mr. Flynn an eventual post in the White House. Until Tuesday, he had planned to join his father on the staff of the National Security Council and had even started the process of getting a security clearance, according to an acquaintance who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid upsetting the Flynns. Despite the younger Mr. Flynn’s abrupt removal from the transition team, there was no indication that Mr. Trump was reconsidering his choice of General Flynn, 57, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, to serve as national security adviser. But beyond the tight circle around Mr. Trump, there were growing concerns in Washington about General Flynn’s fitness for the job, fueled by talk of his  temperament, his conspiratorial worldview and his own incendiary Twitter postings. Many Democrats were openly critical from the moment the appointment was announced last month, and several prominent Republican national security officials also quietly voiced concerns. Now, with Mr. Flynn under growing scrutiny, some are beginning to speak publicly. “The national security adviser should have a moderating effect on the instincts of the president, and it remains to be seen if Mike can do that,” Michael V. Hayden, a former director of both the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency, said in a telephone interview on Tuesday. The role of national security adviser calls for mediating the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies, and sifting fact from speculation and rumor to help the new president decide how the United States should react to international crises. It is a job that is likely to take on greater importance for Mr. Trump, who has no experience in defense or foreign policy issues and has a habit of making broad assertions that are not based in fact. General Flynn, too, has shown similar inclinations both on Twitter and in his previous jobs in the military. At the Defense Intelligence Agency, his staff members even coined their own name for his sometimes dubious assertions: “Flynn facts. ” “He has regularly engaged in the reckless public promotion of conspiracy theories that have no basis in fact, with disregard for the risks that giving credence to those theories could pose to the public,” Representative Adam Smith of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, said on Tuesday. “Someone who is so oblivious to the facts, or intentionally ignorant of them, should not be entrusted with policy decisions that affect the safety of the American people,” Mr. Smith added. For now, General Flynn appears to be weathering the criticism, which has been far harsher than that directed at other Trump nominees, by keeping a relatively low profile since the election. He has not given interviews  —   he did not respond to requests for comment  —   and he has kept his Twitter posts relatively tame, publishing patriotic messages on Veterans Day and more recently praising Mr. Trump’s selection of Gen. James N. Mattis, a retired Marine, for defense secretary. His son, in contrast, showed no such restraint in the weeks before he was fired, regularly posting on Twitter about conspiracy theories involving Mrs. Clinton and her campaign staff well after the election. He continued to push his support for the fake news about Comet Ping Pong after his messages on Twitter about Sunday’s episode began attracting widespread attention. It was not until shortly before 3:30 p. m. Monday that he went silent on Twitter. In one of the last messages he posted, he shared a post from another Twitter user who sought to spread a conspiracy theory that sprang up on the   fringes after the shooting: that the suspect arrested at Comet Ping Pong, Edgar M. Welch, 28, of Salisbury, N. C. was actually an actor, and that the episode was a hoax cooked up to discredit the claim of a sex trafficking ring at the restaurant.",0
5498,Top Bush Admin. Official Just Filed Ethics Complaint Against FBI Director For Partisan Meddling (UPDATED),"Comments 
FBI Director James Comey is being publicly criticized by former Deputy Attorney Generals and others from the law enforcement community over breaking his agency’s neutrality to release a vague memo Friday afternoon which amounted to official slander against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Newsweek’s Kurt Eichenwald reported first that University of Minnesota law professor and former Bush Administration White House ethics counsel Richard Painter filed an official ethics complaint with the Department of Justice’s Office of Special Counsel against the FBI Director for abusing his office with pernicious political activity. 
Richard Painter’s new filing against Comey is similar to the complaint filed by the Democratic Coalition Against Trump , lodged against the FBI Director for violating the Hatch Act , which restricts most federal employees from engaging in any partisan activity. Hours after originally filing this story, Professor Painter wrote this op-editorial in The New York Times to explain why the FBI Director’s actions must not go unpunished: 
On Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I have spent much of my career working on government ethics and lawyers’ ethics, including two and a half years as the chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, and I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. 
An official doesn’t need to have a specific intent — or desire — to influence an election to be in violation of the Hatch Act or government ethics rules. The rules are violated if it is obvious that the official’s actions could influence the election, there is no other good reason for taking those actions, and the official is acting under pressure from persons who obviously do want to influence the election. Absent extraordinary circumstances that might justify it, a public communication about a pending F.B.I. investigation involving a candidate for public office that is made on the eve of an election is thus very likely to be a violation of the Hatch Act and a misuse of an official position. Serious questions also arise under lawyers’ professional conduct rules that require prosecutors to avoid excessive publicity and unnecessary statements that could cause public condemnation even of people who have been accused of a crime, not to mention people like Mrs. Clinton, who have never been charged with a crime. This is no trivial matter. We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway. That is an abuse of power. Allowing such a precedent to stand will invite more, and even worse, abuses of power in the future. 
Ironically, the Hatch Act was passed because Republicans thought that employees from one of FDR’s New Deal agencies were involved in partisan electioneering. Little did they know that, today, a registered Republican FBI Director was going to violate it blatantly right before an election. Painter and Comey were colleagues in the Bush Administration when the latter held a position as Deputy Attorney General. 
High ranking current Department of Justice officials discouraged Comey from going public just 11 days before a general election. 
Shamefully, it’s been revealed that the FBI doesn’t even have a warrant to view these newest emails yet. 
Former Deputy Attorney Generals Jamie Gorelick and Larry Thomspon, who served Administration with both parties, issued a harshly worded op-ed in The Washington Post today entitled, “ James Comey is Damaging Our Democracy .” They opined: 
As former deputy attorneys general in the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations, we are troubled by the apparent departure from these standards in the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email server. First, the FBI director, James B. Comey, put himself enthusiastically forward as the arbiter of not only whether to prosecute a criminal case — which is not the job of the FBI — but also best practices in the handling of email and other matters. Now, he has chosen personally to restrike the balance between transparency and fairness, departing from the department’s traditions. As former deputy attorney general George Terwilliger aptly put it , “There’s a difference between being independent and flying solo.” 
At the same time, Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch — nominally Comey’s boss — has apparently been satisfied with advising Comey but not ordering him to abide by the rules. She, no doubt, did not want to override the FBI director in such a highly political matter, but she should not have needed to. He should have abided by the policy on his own. 
The FBI Director broke policy to inform Congress about details of an investigation without any actual details, or having even seen the new evidence that was so urgent that he had to break decades of policy in order to disclose it. 
Even stone age conservatives knew that these latest allegations are nothing more than a partisan political ploy, describing the Trump campaign’s reaction in grim terms: In Trumpworld as Hitler's Bunker terms, this is probably like when Goebbels thought FDR's death would save the Nazi regime. 
— Ross Douthat (@DouthatNYT) October 28, 2016 
Within hours of Comey’s official memo breaking, he released an internal “cover your ass” memo admitting that the letter could be misinterpreted, which was instantly leaked to the Washington Post and proved that the FBI Director understood fully the foolishness upon which he had embarked by interfering with an election. 
Newsweek pointed out that Republican President George W. Bush had undergone FBI investigation himself before being elected, but nobody in the Clinton White House or the FBI used it to torpedo his 2000 presidential campaign. Bush investigated in 96. Cleared. Imagine if FBI came out in 2000, just be4 election, said ""new evidence, dont know what it means."" Horrible 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 30, 2016 
Amazingly, a blogger made requests in 2004 before the election and did get the FBI to release some files about then-President Bush in April of 2005, only five months after the election, but he suspected that they didn’t provide everything and the records show that his requests to expedite release because of the election were denied. The Bush FBI files contained nothing about the events reported by Kurt Eichenwald. 
The two former Deputy Attorney Generals said it best : 
As it stands, we now have real-time, raw-take transparency taken to its illogical limit, a kind of reality TV of federal criminal investigation. Perhaps worst of all, it is happening on the eve of a presidential election. It is antithetical to the interests of justice, putting a thumb on the scale of this election and damaging our democracy. 
Now, the FBI’s top leadership is in open revolt over the Director’s political meddling as bipartisan condemnation is raining down upon the FBI Director, as his colleagues are openly telling the press that their boss compromised their agency to play partisan politics. 
It’s probably only a matter of time before Comey resigns and faces his own investigation for this entire sordid affair.",0
5499,COULTER: The ‘Resistance’ Goes Live-Fire - Breitbart,"The explosion of violence against conservatives across the country is being intentionally ginned up by Democrats, reporters, TV hosts,   comedians and celebrities, who compete with one another to come up with the most vile epithets for Trump and his supporters. [They go right up to the line, trying not to cross it, by, for example, vamping with a realistic photo of a decapitated Trump or calling the president a “piece of s —  ” while hosting a show on CNN.  The media are orchestrating a bloodless coup, but they’re perfectly content to have their   shock troops pursue a bloody coup. This week, one of the left’s foot soldiers gunned down Republican members of Congress and their staff while they were playing baseball in Virginia. Democratic Socialist James Hodgkinson was prevented from committing a mass murder only by the happenstance of a member of the Republican leadership being there, along with his   Capitol Police protection. Remember when it was frightening for the losing party not to accept the results of an election? During the third debate, Trump refused to   agree to the election results, saying he’d “look at it at the time. ” The media responded in their usual   style: A ‘HORRIFYING’ REPUDIATION OF DEMOCRACY  —   The Washington Post, Oct. 20, 2016, DENIAL OF DEMOCRACY  —   Daily News (New York) Oct. 20, 2016 DANGER TO DEMOCRACY  —   The Dallas Morning News, Oct. 20, 2016, ONE SCARY MOMENT IT ALL BOILED DOWN TO   …     DEMOCRACY  —   Pittsburgh   Oct. 21, 2016, “(Shock) spiked down the nation’s spinal column last night and today when the Republican nominee threatened that this little election thing you got there, this little democratic process you’ve got here, it’s nice, it’s fine, but he doesn’t necessarily plan on abiding by its decision when it comes to the presidency. ”  —   Rachel Maddow, Oct. 20, “Trump’s answer on accepting the outcome of the vote is the most disgraceful statement by a presidential candidate in 160 years. ”  —   Bret Stephens,   editorial page editor at The Wall Street Journal, “I guess we’re all going to have to wait until Nov. 9 to find out if we still have a country  —   if Donald Trump is in the mood for a peaceful transfer of power. Or if he’s going to wipe his fat a —   with the Constitution. ”  —   CBS’s Stephen Colbert, Oct. 19, 2016, “It’s unprecedented for a nominee of a major party to themselves signal that they would not accept  —   you know, respect the results of an election. We’ve never had that happen before.   …     This really presents a potentially difficult problem for governing   …    ”  —   MSNBC’S Joy Reid, Oct. 22, 2016, “This is very dangerous stuff   …     would seriously impair our functioning as a democracy.   …     This is about as serious as it gets in the United States. ”  —   CNN’s Peter Beinart, Oct. 20, 2016, “Obviously, it’s despicable for him to pretend that there’s any chance that he would not accept the results of this election it would be  —   in 240 years you’ve never had anybody do it.   …    ”  —   CNN’s Van Jones, Oct. 20, 2016, Then Trump won, and these very same hysterics refused to accept the results of the election. Recently, Hillary announced her steadfast opposition to the winning candidate using a military term, saying she’d joined the “Resistance. ” Imagine if Trump lost and then announced that he’d joined the “RESISTANCE. ” He’d be accused of trying to activate   militias. Every dyspeptic glance at an immigrant would be reported as fascistic violence. But the media seem blithely unaware that the   “Resistance” has been accompanied by nonstop militaristic violence from liberals. When Trump ripped up our Constitution and jumped all over it by failing to concede the election three weeks in advance, CNN ran a segment on a single tweet from a random Trump supporter that mentioned the Second Amendment. Carol Costello: “Still to come in the ‘Newsroom,’ some Trump supporters say they will refuse to accept a loss on Election Day, with one offering a threat of violence. We’ll talk about that next. ” In CNN’s most fevered dreams about a violent uprising of Trump supporters, they never could have conceived of the level of actual violence being perpetrated by Americans who refuse to accept Trump’s win. (See Hate Map.) It began with Trump’s inauguration, when a leftist group plotted to pump a debilitating gas into one Trump inaugural ball, military families were assaulted upon leaving the Veterans’ Inaugural Ball, and attendees of other balls had water thrown on them. Since then, masked, armed liberals around the country have formed   organizations to beat up conservatives. In liberal towns, the police are regularly ordered to stand down to allow the assaults to proceed unimpeded. The media only declared a crisis when conservatives fought back, smashing the   beta males. (“Battle for Berkeley! ”) There is more media coverage for conservatives’ “microaggressions” toward powerful minorities   —   such as using the wrong pronoun  —   than there is for liberals’ physical attacks on conservatives, including macings, concussions, and hospitalizations. And now some nut Bernie   confirms that it’s Republicans standing on a baseball field, before opening fire. In the media’s strategic reporting of the attempted slaughter, we were quickly told that the mass shooter was white, male and had used a gun. We were even told his name. (Because it was not “Mohammed. ”) But the fact that Hodgkinson’s Facebook page featured a banner of Sanders and the words “Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words: ‘We the People’ Since 1776” apparently called for hours of meticulous   by our media. Did reporters think they could keep that information from us forever? The fake news insists that Trump’s White House is in “chaos. ” No, the country is in chaos. But just like Kathy Griffin and her Trump decapitation performance art  —   the perpetrators turn around in   innocence and blame Trump.",0
5500,Solar Storm Alert,"October 27, 2016 Solar winds triggered a giant geomagnetic storm this week, raising fears that they could cripple power supplies. The charged particles are coming from a coronal hole on the sun that is currently facing Earth. If Earth’s magnetic field was hit by charged particles the effects could also include radar and satellite interference, causing problems phone and internet networks and navigation services. Power grid operators in the US were put on alert yesterday following concerning space weather forecasts. But the impact could be felt all over the world. Warnings were issued by the operator of the biggest power grid in the US, PJM Interconnection LLC, as well as by Midcontinent Independent System Operator, which manages high-voltage power lines across North America, reports Bloomberg . These were the result of US Space Weather Prediction Center raising a ‘serious’ G3 level storm alert, though the alert was later downgraded to a less severe G2 storm. ‘Voltage corrections may be required, false alarms triggered on some protection devices’, said the U.S. Space Weather Prediction Center. ‘Drag may increase on low-Earth-orbit satellites, and corrections may be needed for orientation problems’. The ‘moderate’ G2 warning remains in affect today. The solar storms could potentially affect telecommunications and power infrastructures all over the globe. The UK’s Met Office space weather forecast for today said: ‘Elevated solar winds are expected throughout the period, with G1-G2 minor to moderate geomagnetic storms forecast.’",0
5501,"Nominee for Interior Vows to Preserve, and Develop, Public Lands - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Representative Ryan Zinke, Republican of Montana, pitched himself on Tuesday as a serious steward of federal resources in his confirmation hearing for interior secretary, frequently bucking conservative orthodoxy on ownership of public lands, federal funding for preservation and even, briefly, climate change. But Mr. Zinke also emphasized his support for drilling, mining and logging on federal lands, activities strongly opposed by many environmental groups. In   testimony before a Senate panel that lasted nearly four hours, Mr. Zinke, a former member of the Navy SEALs who just finished his first term in the House, tried to balance the importance of preservation with use of the nation’s public lands and waters. He expressed admiration for Gifford Pinchot, the first United States Forest Service chief, who advocated planned use and renewal. Mr. Zinke also said he supported energy development on federal lands. Recreational activities and mining, for instance, are not mutually exclusive, he said. “It doesn’t have to be in conflict,” he said. Mr. Zinke broke with   Donald J. Trump and even his own past statements on climate change, disagreeing with Mr. Trump’s assertion at one point that it is “a hoax. ” Having once said that climate change was “not proven science,” Mr. Zinke said it was “indisputable” that the climate is changing and that humans are having an effect on it. “I think where there’s debate is what that influence is, what we can do about it,” Mr. Zinke said. “I don’t believe it’s a hoax,” he added. He later appeared to try to temper his statement, emphasizing the need for “objective science. ” Democrats pressed Mr. Zinke, who grew up near Glacier National Park in Montana, about whether he would shield federal lands from being sold, one of their primary concerns. “With a new administration, are these public lands going to face an unbelievable attack by those who would like to take these public lands away from us and turn them over back to states?” asked Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington, the panel’s top Democrat. “Or are we going to continue to manage these resources for the incredible investment that they are and continue to improve them, so we get even more economic return?” Mr. Zinke was unequivocal: “I am absolutely against transfer and sale of public lands. I can’t be more clear. ” Asked about his vote on a House rule that would make it easier for the government to cede control of federal lands, he acknowledged that he would not vote for it again. “That’s a great answer,” said Senator Martin Heinrich, Democrat of New Mexico. Mr. Zinke said one of his priorities as interior secretary would be to address an estimated $12. 5 billion backlog of maintenance and repairs in the national parks system. He also stated his support for fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which takes money from offshore oil and gas leasing to protect federal natural resources. In one of his few references to the   Mr. Zinke said Mr. Trump supported moving toward energy independence. He described his own approach as “all of the above,” explicitly mentioning solar and wind power, as well as fossil fuels. Republicans expressed their own concerns  —   about the need for a break from what they saw as an era of   under the Obama administration. In her opening statement, Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, the panel’s chairwoman, called her state “the poster child” among the many that suffered under the current Department of the Interior. “For eight years, it seemed that this administration has taken the approach that Alaska has to be protected from Alaskans,” she said, “and they acted accordingly. ” Senators praised Mr. Zinke’s   career in the Navy SEALs as an asset, with Senator Jon Tester, Democrat of Montana, calling him a “well equipped” candidate. But Mr. Zinke’s time in the military was not without controversy. While serving as a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the 1990s, Mr. Zinke improperly sought government reimbursement for travel to his home, a decision that resulted in some of his superiors’ questioning his judgment and apparently prevented him from being entrusted with a senior post, a New York Times investigation showed. His military background was referenced in a testy exchange with Senator Tammy Duckworth, Democrat of Illinois and a fellow veteran. She pointed to the fact that Mr. Zinke embraced Mr. Trump’s defense of his 2005 statements about sexually assaulting women, caught on a hot mike, as “  talk” and questioned whether he was equipped to handle the problem of sexual harassment and assault, also a problem in the military, in the agency he seeks to lead. Mr. Zinke, who served with Ms. Duckworth in the House until recently, said he would have a “zero tolerance” approach to sexual harassment, which he said was “killing morale” at the agency.",0
5502,Dilma Rousseff Targeted in Brazil by Lawmakers Facing Scandals of Their Own - The New York Times,"BRASÍLIA  —   Paulo Maluf, a Brazilian congressman, is so badly besieged by his own graft scandals that his constituents often describe him with the slogan “Rouba mas faz. ” Translation: He steals but gets it done. But like an array of other   members of Brazil’s Congress, Mr. Maluf says he is so fed up with all the corruption in the country that he supports ousting President Dilma Rousseff. “I’m against all the dubious   this government does,” said Mr. Maluf, 84, a former São Paulo mayor who faces charges in the United States that he stole more than $11. 6 million in a kickback scheme. The drive to impeach Ms. Rousseff is gaining momentum. A pivotal vote to send her case to the Senate for a possible trial is expected over the weekend, and several of the political parties in her governing coalition abandoned her this week, leaving her especially vulnerable. But some of the most vocal lawmakers pushing to impeach Ms. Rousseff are facing serious charges of graft, electoral fraud and human rights abuses, uncorking a national debate about hypocrisy among Brazil’s leaders. “Dilma may have dug her own grave by not delivering on what she promised, but she is untainted in a political realm smeared with excrement from top to bottom,” said Mario Sergio Conti, a columnist for the newspaper Folha de S. Paulo. “She didn’t steal, but a gang of thieves is judging her. ” Ms. Rousseff is deeply resented in Brazil, having presided over the worst economic crisis in decades, a huge corruption scandal engulfing the national oil company and the fall of millions of   Brazilians into poverty. In the impeachment case, she is not facing charges of graft. Instead, she is accused of using money from giant public banks to cover budget gaps, damaging Brazil’s economic credibility. Ms. Rousseff, then, is something of a rarity among Brazil’s major political figures: She has not been accused of stealing for herself. Eduardo Cunha, the powerful speaker of the lower house who is leading the impeachment effort, is going on trial at the country’s highest court, the Supreme Federal Tribunal, on charges that he pocketed as much as $40 million in bribes. Mr. Cunha, an evangelical Christian radio commentator and economist who regularly issues Twitter messages quoting from the Bible, is accused of laundering the gains through an evangelical megachurch. Vice President Michel Temer, who is expected to take over if Ms. Rousseff is forced to step aside, has been accused of involvement in an illegal   scheme. Renan Calheiros, the Senate leader, who is also on the presidential succession chain, is under investigation over claims that he received bribes in the giant scandal surrounding the national oil company, Petrobras. He has also been accused of tax evasion and of allowing a lobbyist to pay child support for a daughter from an extramarital affair. Altogether, 60 percent of the 594 members of Brazil’s Congress face serious charges like bribery, electoral fraud, illegal deforestation, kidnapping and homicide, according to Transparency Brazil, a   group. The issue has even become a part of the president’s defense strategy. In particular, Ms. Rousseff and her supporters have argued, how can the impeachment process be directed by someone who is going on trial for corruption himself? On Thursday, José Eduardo Cardozo, the solicitor general, said that his office had appealed to the Supreme Federal Tribunal in an attempt to block the impeachment proceedings. He said the effort to oust Ms. Rousseff had become so sprawling that it was “a true Kafkaesque process in which the defendant cannot figure out with any certainty what she is being accused of or why. ” In a session that went past midnight and into the early hours of Friday, a majority of justices on the high court rejected the Rousseff administration’s request to annul this weekend’s impeachment vote. No one can dispute that Ms. Rousseff is very unpopular around the country, as reflected in her nearly   approval ratings, the broad ire over bribery and kickbacks within her Workers’ Party, and the regular street protests demanding her ouster. Even so, some Brazilians argue that the impeachment upheaval has less to do with stamping out corruption than with an effort to shift power by lawmakers with questionable records themselves. Ms. Rousseff’s opponents in Congress include Éder Mauro, who is facing charges of torture and extortion from his previous stint as a police officer in Belém, a   city in the Amazon. Another congressman aiming to impeach Ms. Rousseff: Beto Mansur, who is charged with keeping 46 workers at his soybean farms in Goiás State in conditions so deplorable that investigators say the laborers were treated like   slaves. Almost daily, prosecutors reveal accusations involving Ms. Rousseff’s allies and adversaries in Congress, saying they pocketed bribes in the colossal graft scheme surrounding   energy companies. Graphic photos even circulated this month of prostitutes operating in a wing of Congress reserved for committee deliberations, reminding Brazilians of the institution’s circuslike atmosphere these days. Luis Almagro, secretary general of the Organization of American States, criticized the impeachment process, saying the accusations against Ms. Rousseff “are not crimes, but they are related to poor administration. ” He said that the president’s missteps were “actions that other presidents in the past took themselves,” but that Brazil’s politicians were “judging her differently. ” Mr. Almagro also criticized the politicians who were pushing for impeachment but facing corruption accusations themselves. “I am worried about the credibility of some of those who are going to judge or decide this impeachment process,” he said. Mr. Maluf, the former mayor who supports the president’s removal, spent weeks in jail a decade ago on charges of money laundering and tax evasion. But he was released under a law allowing people older than 70 to face such accusations at home. Then Mr. Maluf won a seat in Congress, giving him the privileged judicial standing that keeps nearly all senior Brazilian politicians with such privileges out of jail. Despite Mr. Maluf’s claims in recent days that he could travel outside Brazil without being arrested, he remains wanted by Interpol for the case against him in the United States, according to the United States Justice Department. France also has an outstanding warrant for his arrest in a separate case involving organized money laundering. “My public life was always the opposite of all that,” Mr. Maluf said last week, criticizing the bad deeds in Ms. Rousseff’s government, including her scramble to offer cabinet posts to legislators on the fence over impeachment. Scholars note the sweeping legal protections enjoyed by about 700 senior officials, including cabinet ministers and every member of Congress. Only the Supreme Federal Tribunal can try them, producing years of appeals and delays. “Winning election to Congress is a license to steal for certain figures,” said Sylvio Costa, the founder of Congresso em Foco, a watchdog group that tracks legislative corruption. “In this grotesque system, the biggest thieves are those who wield the most power. ” Claims of misdeeds among other lawmakers do not bother some of the politicians wanting Ms. Rousseff impeached. Roberto Jefferson, a former legislator who went to prison after his conviction for his role in a   scheme, said that Mr. Cunha’s talent for political   served as a strategic advantage. “The bandit I’m rooting for the most is Eduardo Cunha,” Mr. Jefferson said. (Several lawmakers seeking to oust Ms. Rousseff, including Mr. Cunha, either declined requests for comment or did not respond.) One prominent supporter of Ms. Rousseff is Fernando Collor de Mello, the disgraced former president who resigned in 1992 over an   scandal. He resurrected his political career as a senator, only to face charges now of taking bribes in the graft scheme around the national oil company. Mr. Collor’s father, Arnon de Mello, set a precedent after fatally shooting a fellow senator on the Senate floor in 1963. Arnon de Mello managed to avoid prison after a court ruled that the episode was an accident  —   because he was aiming at another senator. As tempers flare over impeachment, some cite the example of Ivo Cassol, a senator from the Amazon. He was sentenced to more than four years in prison in 2013 by the Supreme Federal Tribunal on corruption charges related to contracts granted more than 15 years ago. (Mr. Cassol considers himself innocent in the case, a spokesman said.) Despite the ruling, Mr. Cassol remains in the Senate, keeping the high court’s decision at bay with appeals. He is now delivering some of the most impassioned speeches in favor of Ms. Rousseff’s impeachment, calling her government “disgraceful. ”",0
5503,Trump’s Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao Could Collect Millions From Wells Fargo For Taking Government Job,"Elaine Chao, Donald Trump’s nominee to head the Department of Transportation, could collect up to $5 million in Wells Fargo preferred stock after assuming her new role in the Trump administration. [According to financial disclosure forms, Chao will receive a “cash payout for my deferred stock compensation” upon her confirmation as Secretary of Transportation. The annual payouts will begin in July 2017 and would continue through 2021.  “This is a golden parachute for government services that the large banks are now increasingly famous for offering. It is not illegal yet, but it does provide the former employee with substantial financial rewards from Wells Fargo, potentially creating a sense of indebtedness from the government official toward the bank,” ethics expert Craig Holman told The Intercept after reviewing Chao’s disclosure forms and Well Fargo’s executive compensation agreement. “These golden parachutes for taking government positions are either a massively corrupting incentive structure  —   effectively a backdoor bribe to incoming government officials  —   or an abject waste of shareholder resources,” Kurt Walters, campaign director for Demand Progress, told the outlet. Chao, who served as labor secretary under George W. Bush, sailed through her confirmation hearing last week without scandal. “Elaine Chao Gets Cozy Reception at Confirmation Hearing” is how the New York Times described her hearing. Chao, the wife of Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, served on Wells Fargo’s board between 2011 and 2015 and made an estimated $1. 2 million for her services to the San Francisco,   bank. Coincidentally, 2011 was the same year the Obama   Consumer Financial Protection Bureau says Wells Fargo began forcing its employees to “secretly open unauthorized accounts to hit sales targets and receive bonuses. ” Nevertheless, Chao says she’s committed to avoiding even the appearance of a conflict of interest should she become Transoprtion Secretary  —   citing her intent to submit a waiver or seek exemption if she engages in any matter that directly affects Wells Fargo. To be sure, government   golden parachutes are nothing new. But they are precisely the kind of   shenanigans Trump promised to stomp out. Indeed, many of Obama’s top appointees came from financial firms that allocate six and   payments to senior executives who accepted government jobs. Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew left Citigroup with $500, 000 stock options guarantees. Obama’s Counselor to the Secretary of the US Treasury Antonio Weiss was set to receive $20 million in preferential stock and deferential payments from his previous employer, Lazard, upon entering government. The news of Chao’s corporate payday comes on the heels of reports that Trump nominee for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will receive a retirement payout worth at least $180 million, should he be confirmed. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5504,FBI: 27.5 Million Gun Background Checks in 2016 New Record,"  FBI figures show that the number of background checks conducted for gun purchasers in 2016 were so high they actually beat the previous annual record by more than 4 million. [According to FBI figures, there were 2, 771, 159 background checks conducted in December. That ws down slightly from the record high of 3, 314, 594 checks conducted in December 2015, but was more than high enough to help make 2016 a historical year for background checks. In fact, a new   record of 27, 538, 673 background checks conducted in 2016.  On top of the astounding number of checks, each check could represent more than one gun sold at retail. Checks are performed on the purchaser rather than the gun( s) the purchaser wishes to buy. Once a check is passed, a customer can buy numerous guns. That means 27, 538, 673 background checks could amount to 55, 077, 346 guns sold, if every   buyer bought two guns. If each bought three, the figure would be 82, 616, 019 guns sold. It is interesting to note that 2016 had already broken all prior annual records for background checks by the close of business on November 30. Breitbart News previously reported that there were 24, 767, 514 background checks January 1 through November 30 alone. The   surge broke previous   records by more than a million checks.   Donald Trump’s decision to run as a defender of the Second Amendment seems to have caught the mood of the public  —   at least of consumers in the market for firearms, who were partly driven by concerns that new federal and state restrictions, such as ammunition background checks in California, could limit their ability to own guns and ammunition. The National Rifle Association (NRA) backed Trump and celebrated his victory. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
5505,"With 95% of Votes In, All Signs Point to a Trump Victory in Florida","With 95% of the vote in, all signs point to a Trump Victory in Florida. 
Trump leads Clinton 48.8% to 48.0% 
The New York Times Prediction caster at the time of this writing gives Trump a 91% of winning Florida with only 5% of the votes remaining. 
Securing Florida is a needed step for Trump is what will still be a difficult but possible bid to achieve 270 delegates and win the Presidency. Ohio, North Carolina, Michigan and Virginia are all looking very close as well. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
5506,Danielle Brooks: The First Time I Saw Myself on a Billboard - The New York Times,"It was June 2012, and I had just sped out of the crowded subway into a sea of people on 34th Street. I stopped to collect myself, to figure out which way I needed to walk to get to my next errand. I was somewhere between Seventh and Eighth Avenues and couldn’t see the street sign from that far away, so I turned my head to the right. Lo and behold, there it was, right above HM: a beautiful collage of 13 diverse faces for the new hit television series “Orange Is the New Black”  —   me among them. Just five years before this day, I was packing my toothbrush, my most beloved family photos and my favorite walking shoes. I was headed to the Juilliard School. Seventeen years old. Bright,   with a head full of bushy hair, ready to sprout into a world unlike Simpsonville, S. C. the rural area where I grew up. I never would have guessed a year after graduating, now 22, I would see my face on a billboard. The feeling was exhilarating. I stood there witnessing thousands of people walk by my face, glance at my face. My heart was so happy I almost forgot why I was even in Herald Square to begin with. When I was a kid, the famous Apollo Theater had come to my hometown to audition kids for “Showtime at the Apollo. ” My parents had allowed me to audition not once, not twice, but three times. For this chubby,   chocolate    the third time was not the charm. I remember crying as I walked back to the car with my father. “Danielle, only one out of thousands of thousands of people will make it,” he reminded me, referring to the entertainment business. I remember thinking to myself: Well, I want to be that one. After four years of fictional incarceration and three other billboards for “Orange Is the New Black,” I was offered the indescribable chance to play Sofia in the Broadway revival of “The Color Purple. ” I had no idea that it would even be possible to do both at the same time. Thank God everyone was willing to play ball, and let me play on both Team Purple and Team Orange. Months before starting rehearsals for the show, the other two leads and I had glammed up for our first promo shoot. By the time we were headed into previews, taking those photos had vanished from my memory until one random fall day. My best friend had come to visit from South Carolina. As we were walking through the subway station, I turned to my left, and that   feeling crept over me once more. There it was, my second ad for the   gig of my career. We cried a bit, giggled a bit, took an   (you might call it a selfie) and headed to the theater for her first Broadway show. She was so proud of her friend, and I was so proud to make her proud. In my fifth year as a professional actress, another experience came my way  —   modeling. Christian Siriano had dressed me for awards shows, and we had built a great working relationship but also a true friendship. He had graciously asked if I wanted to be his muse for his new line for Lane Bryant. Knowing that its mission statement focused on empowering women, I was sure this would be a good fit for me and what I stood for. Without hesitation, I said yes. Soon after, Lane Bryant approached me to be one of the faces of its fall campaign. I was thrilled! After shooting photos, I received an email showing me how the ad team planned on using them: on billboards, subway ads and   buses in Los Angeles and New York. I was so excited. One night, I was on set and my manager sent me a text: Check your email, but make sure you are sitting. I was getting anxious, and of course the service up in Rockland County, where we shoot “Orange,” was as slow as molasses. I sat as instructed, trying to take deep patient breaths, waiting for the email to come through. It finally opened, and there it was  —   a sketch photo of me on a billboard in Times Square. Not just any billboard, but the one Sean Combs, also known as Diddy, was hogging for years. Eighteen stories high. It would be replaced with the nearly   image of this       girl from South Carolina in a leotard and heels. Yeah, I needed to sit. As soon as the billboard went up, people started to post pictures of it. The first time I saw it in person, I was in a car, being driven home from “The Color Purple. ” “OMG,” I screamed. “That’s me. Those are my thighs. Pull over. ” I felt like my parents had when they first met Oprah. They were so excited they got out of the car before it was fully parked. That was me now. I started to cry. To be blessed with all I’ve received in life leaves me speechless. What made this different? This was the first time I was on a billboard by myself. I wasn’t in a costume. I wasn’t Taystee. I wasn’t Sofia. I was Danielle Brooks. And at the bottom of the billboard were the words “See Danielle shine. ” No denying I was shining. The sky was shining that night something special. Not from the LED lights or neon signs of Times Square, but because the dreams of that determined    girl with dark skin and kinky hair had been realized. For the first time, the possibilities felt limitless, and I quietly said to myself, “Dad, I made it!”",0
5507,"Biden Blames “Lazy American Women” For The Economy: “They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work”","U.S. Politics 
Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. “If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,” he said. “That’s trillions of dollars over the next decade.” 
Biden made his remarks during a campaign event for Hillary Clinton at Chatham University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Tuesday. “The state of our economy could be characterized by a single word: pitiful,” he argued. “We’re still battling recession, I don’t care what the official stats are saying, America is still in recession. And we’re not doing anything about it.” 
He added that it was “lazy American women” who brought about the downfall of the economy, because “they sit around on their behinds, doing nothing and squandering their days away when they could be improving the country that has given so much to them.” “I’m not sure how exactly we got to this point, but we’re here and we need to move. Like, yesterday,” he said. 
“Mark my words and mark them well,” he addressed the crowd. “Hillary Clinton is the only one who can force American women to go to work. This is true because of a number of reasons. First, she’s a woman herself and not just any woman; she’s a self-made woman. So you better believe what she’s saying is true and has been tried and tested in practice plenty of times.” 
“Second, Hillary Clinton understands how difficult it can be to give up the status of a free-loader when your husband is the bread-winner of the household and the wife is expected to tend to the house, the children, make sure dinner is served and always be in the mood for marital duties. She’s been all that and she’s learned how to break free from it, the hard way, I might add,” Biden continued. 
“Today’s women are pampered and aren’t used to rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done on their own,” the vice president said. “They’re too dependent, too weak and too lazy to contribute to the economy. The reason for that is they’ve learned how to manipulate men by employing one of the most fundamental laws of economics: when a sought-after commodity becomes short in supply, the demand for it rises even higher.” 
“Now, that’s all fine and dandy when it comes to their personal interests, but if you look at the big picture, it’s the economy that’s missing out on valuable workforce. And that’s why we need to get them off their lazy behinds and get them into their workplaces. And like I said, Hillary Clinton is the only one who can do it, which is what makes her the ideal candidate for the next President of the United States. We need to heal this country, folks, not run it into the ground even deeper,” Biden concluded. via: therightists.com Biden Blames “Lazy American Women” For The Economy: “They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work” Share this: ",0
5508,UN Investigating Human Rights Abuses At Dakota Oil Pipeline Protest,"Videos UN Investigating Human Rights Abuses At Dakota Oil Pipeline Protest The UN’s advisory forum has been collecting testimonies from Dakota Access pipeline protesters and plans to issue a report and possible recommendations once the inquiry is complete. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Dakota Access pipeline protesters face off with police who are trying to force them from a camp on land in the path of pipeline construction on Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, near Cannon Ball, N.D. 
MOSCOW – The United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFII) is investigating allegations of human rights abuses committed by North Dakota law enforcement officers against Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access pipeline construction, media reported Tuesday. 
The UN’s advisory forum has been collecting testimonies from Dakota Access pipeline protesters and plans to issue a report and possible recommendations once the inquiry is complete, The Guardian reported. 
The forum previously urged authorities to allow the Sioux tribe to have a say in the pipeline project. 
Last Thursday, police used pepper spray and beanbag rounds of ammunition to disperse protesters from land owned by the pipeline company. Law enforcement officers from seven states were dispatched to help the local sheriff’s office and members of North Dakota’s National Guard. 
The planned $3.7 billion Dakota Access Pipeline will transport domestically-produced light crude oil from North Dakota through the states of South Dakota and Iowa into Illinois. Earlier in October, US environmentalists joined Native Americans in protesting the project, which is being constructed near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
The tribe claims it violates their sacred places, including burial grounds, and will affect their water sources.",0
5509,What to Cook This Weekend - The New York Times,"Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking five days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes. That email also appears here. To receive it in your inbox, register here. Good morning. Here they come, the freckled and pale, the dark and brooding alike. St. Patrick’s Day is upon us in Manhattan, a SantaCon in green. If you didn’t corn your own beef for dinner tonight, you can still buy a bag of the processed variety and simmer it off, or stop at the best deli in town to buy a couple of pounds. Crisp what you have under the broiler: Irish tacos are on the menu as promised, and they’re as fine as the air in Gweedore. What I’d like to cook this weekend: red flannel hash, off instruction Mark Bittman got a few years ago from the chef Jessica Koslow, of Sqirl in Los Angeles, to use up my leftover corned beef. Put some eggs on that and you’ll be in heaven. Also: these giant sourdough pancakes studded with fruit that Tejal Rao just wrote about this week in her sweet column for The New York Times Magazine. (You do have a sourdough starter, right? We talked about this a year ago!) Wouldn’t it be nice this weekend to learn to bake a soufflé? And to roast a chicken on top of all the bread that’s gone stale since you bought it fresh before the storm on Tuesday? You could roast tofu and squash. You could make lobster mac and cheese! And you could set yourself up nicely for a week’s worth of     desk lunches by making the best roast beef for sandwiches, a vat of black bean soup and (more Jessica Koslow action!) some brown rice for a midweek rice bowl with Swiss chard and chorizo. Those are all fine weekend projects. Thousands and thousands more recipes to cook this weekend are on Cooking. (Do you dare make Florence Fabricant’s new recipe for an oyster and blue cheese pie, which uses a cool technique for cooking the oysters that she learned from the chef Fredrik Berselius of the Nordic restaurant Aska, in Brooklyn?) See what you find. Save the ones you’re interested in making to your recipe box. And then rate them when you’re finished cooking and eating. You can  —   and should!  —   leave notes on the recipes for yourself or for the public, at least if you have an interesting point to make about the process of cooking them, or successful ingredient substitutions to trumpet. And, of course, if you run into trouble with the technology or the recipes themselves, do ask for help. We’re at cookingcare@nytimes. com. Now, in case you were wondering what Irish politicians think of Beyoncé, here’s some good work from The Daily Edge. I was going to suggest that if you’re looking for a ribald thriller in the tradition of Bond, that you check out Gérard de Villiers’s “Surface to Air. ” But I can’t. It’s too racy! It’s like “007 Shades of Gray”! But do you think you could add rainbow sprinkles to this recipe, to complete the trifecta of   ingredients and techniques? Maybe! Have a great weekend. I’ll be back on Sunday.",0
5510,Can Carbon Capture Technology Prosper Under Trump? - The New York Times,"THOMPSONS, Tex.  —   Can one of the most promising  —   and troubled  —   technologies for fighting global warming survive during the administration of Donald J. Trump? The technology, carbon capture, involves pulling carbon dioxide out of smokestacks and industrial processes before the   gas can make its way into the atmosphere. Mr. Trump’s denial of the overwhelming scientific evidence supporting climate change, a view shared by many of his cabinet nominees, might appear to doom any such environmental initiatives. But the new Petra Nova plant about to start running here, about 30 miles southwest of Houston, is a bright spot for the technology’s supporters. It is being completed essentially on time and within its budget, unlike many previous such projects. When it fires up, the plant, which is attached to one of the power company NRG’s hulking   units, will draw 90 percent of the CO2 from the emissions produced by 240 megawatts of generated power. That is a fraction of the roughly 3, 700 megawatts produced at this gargantuan plant, the largest in the Lone Star State. Still, it is enough to capture 1. 6 million tons of carbon dioxide each year  —   equivalent to the greenhouse gas produced by driving 3. 5 billion miles, or the CO2 from generating electricity for 214, 338 homes. From a tower hundreds of feet above the Petra Nova operation, the carbon capture system looks like a fever dream of an Erector set fanatic, with mazes of pipes and gleaming tanks set off from the main plant’s skyscraping smokestacks and busy coal conveyors. Petra Nova uses the most common technology for carbon capture. The exhaust stream, pushed down a snaking conduit to the Petra Nova equipment, is exposed to a solution of chemicals known as amines, which bond with the carbon dioxide. That solution is pumped to a regenerator, or stripper, which heats the amine and releases the CO2. The gas is drawn off and compressed for further use, and the amine solution is then cycled back through the system to absorb more CO2. Petra Nova, a   joint venture of NRG and JX Nippon Oil and Gas Exploration, will not just grab the CO2, it will use it, pushing compressed CO2 through a new pipeline 81 miles to an oil field. The gas will be injected into wells, a technique known as enhanced oil recovery, that should increase production to 15, 000 barrels a day from about 300 barrels a day. And since NRG owns a quarter of the oil recovery project, what comes out of the ground will help pay for the carbon capture operation. The plant, which has received $190 million from the federal government, can be economically viable if the price of oil is about $50 a barrel, said David Knox, an NRG spokesman. The company expects to declare the plant operational in January, Mr. Knox said. Aware of problems with carbon capture projects around the country and of the risks of hubris, he said: “We’re not going to declare victory before it’s time. ” If the price of oil stabilizes or rises, and if tax breaks for developing the technology continue and markets for carbon storage develop, he said, utilities might ask, “why would I not want to put a carbon capture system on my plant?” But developing   carbon capture has been neither straightforward nor easy. So far, problems have bedeviled major projects, often costing far more than projected and taking longer to complete. The federal government has canceled projects like Future Gen, which was granted more than $1 billion by the Obama administration. Carbon capture systems are not just expensive to build they tend to be   and make the plant less efficient over all  —   a problem known as “parasitic load. ” The Petra Nova carbon capture process gets its energy from a separate power plant constructed for the purpose, which NRG says makes the system more efficient than it would otherwise be, and frees up all of the capacity of the main power plant to sell all of the electricity it produces. The company estimates that the next plant it builds could cost 20 percent less, thanks to lessons learned this time around. If Petra Nova succeeds, it means a boost for carbon capture. Despite carbon capture’s problems, its supporters, including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the International Energy Agency, call the technology, known as carbon capture sequestration, crucial for meeting emissions standards that can prevent the worst effects of climate change. “If you don’t have C. C. S. the chance of success goes down, and the cost of success goes up,” said Julio Friedmann, an expert at the Lawrence Livermore Laboratories in California and a former Energy Department official. “If you do have C. C. S. the chance of success goes up and the cost of success goes down. ” Carbon capture is proving itself, said David Mohler, the deputy assistant secretary for clean coal and carbon management at the federal Energy Department. Developing technologies often involves delay and cost overruns initially, he said. “You cannot engineer all the bugs out from inside a cubicle  —   you really have to do this stuff in the real world,” he said. Driving down costs, he noted, is what engineers and businesses do through research, development and production. He cited the plummeting cost of initially expensive technologies like solar power. “We do figure things out as we go,” he said. What the Trump administration will do with carbon capture is, at this point, anyone’s guess. “The technology only makes sense in a world where you are seeking to avoid putting CO2 into the atmosphere,” said Mark Brownstein, a vice president for the climate and energy program at the Environmental Defense Fund. But some supporters of the technology see reasons for hope. “I actually think it’s a moment of optimism,” said Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, who met with Mr. Trump last month as a potential agriculture secretary. Ms. Heitkamp   legislation  with another Democrat, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, to expand and extend tax breaks for carbon capture projects. “What I saw with the   was a laserlike focus on jobs,” she said. “I think he was intrigued” about the economic opportunity that carbon capture could provide to keep coal power generation in the national mix, she added. One of the pillars of Mr. Trump’s campaign was his intention to revive the fortunes of the coal industry through support of   clean coal. And while the exact meaning of the   phrase is open to interpretation, it generally includes not just technologies that remove soot and   pollutants, but also carbon dioxide. Ms. Heitkamp said that businesses, too, were likely to continue development of carbon capture technology, since they planned their plant investments on a curve of decades and are loath to change course because of a single election. “The decision they are making is not, what does the political outlook look like today? What’s it look like over the life of this plant?” Although she concedes that a   revival of coal’s fortunes is unlikely, carbon capture could be a way to extend the life of current facilities while keeping the nation’s energy mix diverse. Jeff Erikson, general manager at the Global C. C. S. Institute, which promotes the technology, said he did not expect to see a great number of new coal plants on the way. “I wouldn’t say carbon capture is going to rescue the coal industry,” he said, but pointed out that there is great potential for applying carbon capture to diverse natural gas plants and to industrial applications. Captured carbon can be used not just for oil production but a widening range of industrial processes, or can even be pumped into the ground. One of the most innovative approaches to carbon capture is being tried 50 miles east of the Petra Nova plant, in La Porte, Tex. where a consortium of companies is trying an entirely new approach to   power generation. In a $140 million, 50 megawatt demonstration project, the company, Net Power, will use superheated carbon dioxide in much the same way that conventional power plants use steam to drive turbines. This system, invented by a British engineer, Rodney Allam, eliminates the inefficiency inherent in heating water into steam and cooling it again. The power plant produces a stream of very pure, pressurized carbon dioxide that is ready for pipelines without much of the additional processing that conventional carbon capture systems require. The creators say that their technology will produce electric power at a price comparable to   power plants, the efficient   plants that burn gas to power one turbine and then use the excess heat from that process to generate additional power with a steam turbine. That means, in effect, that “the cost of being green is zero,” said Bill Brown, the chief executive of Net Power. “The potential to capture CO2 at no additional cost would be a game changer,” said Fatima Maria Ahmad, a fellow at the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, a think tank. Net Power combines the resources of Exelon Generation, a power company, the engineering and construction firm CBI, and 8 Rivers Capital, which developed the technology used in the project. The centerpiece of the project is a special turbine built by Toshiba and designed for the punishingly high pressure used in the process. And while any system that so closely resembles a rocket engine has the potential for what engineers delicately refer to as a RUD  —   “rapid unplanned disassembly”  —   those working directly on the project say they have designed safety features that give them confidence. Even if the United States government shows little interest in reducing the nation’s carbon footprint under Mr. Trump and a Republican Congress, consortium officials say they expect to find ready customers from companies in the United States and around the globe, where the threat of climate change is fully acknowledged. “We see this very much playing into all parts of the world,” said Daniel McCarthy, executive vice president for CBI’s technology operating group. Environmentalists remain divided on the issue of carbon capture, said John Coequyt, global climate policy director for Sierra Club. “This is the issue where the biggest range of positions exists within the environmental community,” he said. Groups like the Clean Air Task Force favor it strongly. Other factions call clean coal a fig leaf to keep coal, with all of its environmental baggage, in the energy mix. And many suggest the billions of dollars spent on trying to capture carbon would be better directed to the technologies that don’t pollute the atmosphere in the first place. Dr. Friedmann, the former energy official, predicted that the technology would prove its usefulness. “It’s convenient to just say ‘Keep it in the ground,’ ” he said, referring to an   slogan. “What I prefer to say is ‘Keep it from the air. ’”",0
5511,Manuela Carmena pide a los madrileños que guarden las latas de los refrescos y las bolsas de la basura para hacer los vestidos de los Reyes Magos,Manuela Carmena pide a los madrileños que guarden las latas y las bolsas de la basura para hacer los vestidos de los Reyes Magos EL MUNDO TODAY RADIO El Mundo Today en tu buzón Tu Email PRISA contrata pitonisas para que hagan el escrutinio electoral de las próximas elecciones EL MUNDO TODAY: PROGRAMA 12 (19/11/2011) Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
5512,Ted Cruz Busts Elon Musk for Flying Private Jet While Lecturing Trump on Global Warming - Breitbart,"Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) ripped into Tesla CEO Elon Musk Thursday night for his use of a private jet after the tech billionaire tweeted his disapproval of President Trump pulling out of the Paris Climate Accord. [Musk, the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, took to Twitter to announce that he would be departing from all future presidential councils in protest of President Trump’s decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris Climate Accord. He assured his followers that global warming is real and that leaving the Paris accords is “not good” for America or the world.  Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.  —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017,  Hours later, Cruz mocked Musk’s outrage, pointing out that he regularly travels around the country in his own private jet. If the billionaire CEO was so dedicated to reducing the world’s carbon output, Cruz snarked, he would choose to fly commercial planes rather than private ones. In support of Paris, CA billionaires pledge to never again fly private, will only fly commercial.   —  will quit symbolic councils instead. https:  .   —   Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) June 2, 2017,  Musk has come under fire previously for his liberal use of his private jet, which he upgraded last year from a Dassault Falcon 900 B to a Gulfstream G650 ER. It was reported in 2010 that Musk took private jets to Washington on at least 12 occasions over the course of two years to lobby the Department of Energy for a loan of $465 million, which Musk’s company Tesla was eventually granted. Around the same time, Tesla also struck deals with the California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority that made the company exempt from up to $320 million in California State sales and U. S. taxes. Musk has been a vocal supporter of carbon taxes, saying, “All we are doing [with a carbon tax] is trying to match the inherent subsidy for fossil fuels  …     on the sustainable energy side. Fossil fuels are already getting a massive subsidy if you believe in global warming. If you don’t then [the subsidy] seems really unfair. If you do then it is like oh we are just trying to correct it. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5513,Canadians Adopted Refugee Families for a Year. Then Came ‘Month 13.’ - The New York Times,"TORONTO  —   One year after Canada embraced Syrian refugees like no other country, a reckoning was underway. Ordinary Canadians had essentially adopted thousands of Syrian families, donating a year of their time and money to guide them into new lives just as many other countries shunned them. Some citizens already considered the project a humanitarian triumph others believed the Syrians would end up isolated and adrift, stuck on welfare or worse. As 2016 turned to 2017 and the yearlong commitments began to expire, the question of how the newcomers would fare acquired a national nickname: Month 13, when the Syrians would try to stand on their own. On a frozen January afternoon, Liz Stark, a   retired teacher, bustled into a modest apartment on the east side of this city, unusually anxious. She and her friends had poured themselves into resettling Mouhamad and Wissam   a former farmer and his wife, and their four children, becoming so close that they referred to one another as substitute grandparents, parents and children. But the improvised family had a deadline. In two weeks, the sponsorship agreement would end. The Canadians would stop paying for rent and other basics. They would no longer manage the newcomers’ bank account and budget. Ms. Stark was adding Mr. Hajj’s name to the apartment lease, the first step in removing her own. “The honeymoon is over,” she said later. That afternoon, her mind was on forms, checks and her   list. But she knew that her little group of grandmothers, retirees and book club friends was swimming against a global surge of skepticism, even hatred, toward immigrants and refugees. The president of the superpower to the south was moving to block Syrians and cut back its refugee program. Desperate migrants were crossing into Canada on foot.      sentiment was reshaping Europe’s political map. In a few days, an   gunman would slaughter worshipers at a Quebec City mosque. Ms. Stark and her group were betting that much of the world was wrong  —   that with enough support, poor Muslims from rural Syria could adapt, belong and eventually prosper and contribute in Canada. Against that backdrop, every meeting, decision and bit of progress felt heightened: Would the family succeed? Ms. Stark’s most crucial task that day was ushering the Syrian couple to a budget tutorial. Banks were new to them. So were A. T. M. cards. Because the sponsors paid their rent and often accompanied them to make withdrawals, the couple had little sense of how to manage money in a bank account. Some of Canada’s new Syrian refugees had university degrees, professional skills, fledgling businesses already up and running. But the Hajjes could not read or write, even in Arabic. After a year of grinding English study, Mr. Hajj, 36, struggled to get the new words out. He longed to scan a supermarket label or road sign with ease and had grown increasingly upset about his   education, understanding how inadequate it would prove in the years to come. As he stared down Month 13, he felt overwhelmed and alarmed. “We don’t know what will happen,” he said. From the start of the budgeting appointment, the settlement counselor, Roula Ajib, knew something was wrong. “Why are you losing weight?” she asked Mr. Hajj in Arabic. Many other Syrian refugees had filled out in Canada. Worry, he replied. On top of his other concerns, his father back in Syria was entreating Mr. Hajj to send money for doctor’s visits and for farming supplies to help feed their family, even pushing him to ask the sponsors for the funds. When the son said no, unsure if he would have anything to spare and unwilling to ask the Canadians for more help, his father stopped answering his calls. A few days before the appointment, Mr. Hajj, riddled with guilt, grabbed his new cellphone, threw it to the floor and crushed it under his foot. His wife, 37, protested the waste of money and told him to be patient. He had recently gotten a job, in the kitchen of a Middle Eastern restaurant. Their children were attending school for the first time in their lives, learning English and French, becoming ice skaters and soccer champions. She felt sure that the sponsors would remain by their sides and that, apart from financial matters, Month 13 would not change their relationship. “I know our sponsors love us,” she said. “They won’t leave us. ” But she knew her husband was despairing. She had recently found him curled up on their couch, crying. Now, as Ms. Stark sat at the table, unable to understand the conversation in Arabic, Mr. Hajj told the counselor he was considering something extreme. “I was thinking about going back to Syria,” he said. A few hours later, his three older children sat with their legs outstretched in an ice rink locker room as two of the sponsors hunched over them, lacing skates. Carole Atkins, a bubbly teacher’s assistant soon to turn 69, was a hockey fanatic, the oldest player in her league. Now she was initiating the Hajj children in the sport, outfitting them with gear and taking them to a weekly class while their parents stayed home. “Skate hard,” she told them as they bounded onto the ice. Watching from the stands, the sponsors tracked the children’s every move. Moutayam, a fourth grader and the family comedian, was outskating everyone, even the   children, charging to the front each time and finishing first. “Oh my God, it’s like he’s running on the ice,” Ms. Atkins exclaimed to Jan Dowler, the sponsor by her side. As Month 13 approached across Canada, every group of sponsors and refugees had to determine what their new relationship would look like. Some were mutually relieved to be done, the chemistry never quite right. In other cases, the Canadians continued directly funding the Syrians, unable to cut the financial cord. The Hajj sponsors had already decided that their payments to the family would stop. (While the specifics of private sponsorship could vary, they had raised more than 30, 000 Canadian dollars, or about $22, 500 in American money, to support the family before the Syrians arrived in February 2016.) The family’s income would dip, but between Mr. Hajj’s earnings and a continued $   government subsidy for   families  —   which he called “the children’s salary”  —   they would be able to remain in their $     apartment. Still, with the deadline nearing, the Hajj sponsors faced uncomfortable, nagging questions: Were they doing too much for the Syrian family? Should they stand back and stop acting as chauffeurs, planners and   fixers? Were they willing to let the family make mistakes? Even if they wanted to stop helping, would they be able to? The skating lessons were only the beginning. Many days at the family’s apartment passed as a series of sponsors knocking at the door, from the mornings when they arrived to tutor Ms. Hajj in English  —   with a baby at home, she didn’t go out to classes  —   to the evenings when they took turns assisting with the children’s homework. As they dropped by, they brought extra produce or halal meat, answered questions about mail, drove the Syrians to appointments and took care of whatever else was needed. A calendar on the fridge indicated more reasons for showing up, like dental visits, noted with a tiny sketch of a tooth. A doctor they had found for the family and a   adviser warned them that they were impeding the Hajjes from becoming  . Some of the sponsors felt the same way. “If we keep up like this, they’re just going to become more and more dependent,” said Ms. Dowler, one of the sponsors who advocated pulling back. “Maybe we’re giving them unreal expectations for the next 10, 20 years of their lives. ” Even Mr. Hajj said he needed to make mistakes. “I have to learn the hard way,” he said. But the sponsors knew how much the family needed. The Hajjes had fled Syria at the start of the war and spent several miserable years in Lebanon, living in squalid conditions, the children working for a dollar a day. Could they really be expected to be independent in a year? The sponsors, mostly retirees, had the time to help, and they thrived on their shared sense of mission. They wanted so much for the Hajjes: not just the basics, like language and literacy, but for them to participate in the mainstream of Canadian life. They could not bear the thought of the family becoming isolated, the parents marginalized, the children missing out on activities their own children had taken for granted. “We’re all   Canadians and we’re raising these kids like   Canadian kids,” said Peggy Karas, another sponsor. One morning in February, Moutayam’s school bus failed to appear, so the boy dialed one sponsor after another until he got Ms. Karas, who rushed right over instead of letting his mother figure it out. She feared the boy would miss a day of school if she did not step in. “The dependency comes from both sides,” said Sam Nammoura, a refugee advocate who observed similar situations in Calgary, Alberta, where he served as a liaison between sponsors and Syrians. “The newcomers fear taking risks, and the minute they take a risk, the sponsor thinks, ‘They don’t speak English, I will help them,’” he said. The sponsors resolved to continue tutoring Ms. Hajj and the children but to retreat in other ways. They asked the Hajj parents to take the children to swimming lessons instead of doing it themselves. They knew they should teach them more bus routes, instead of driving them so much. But they rarely followed through. When the Hajj children missed a swimming lesson, the sponsors started taking them again. As for showing the family more public transportation routes, “I’m 69,” Ms. Atkins said. “I’m not taking the bus. ” “I haven’t really fostered any independence,” she admitted. Even Ms. Dowler, who pushed the group to do less, found herself signing up the children for camp over spring break and trying to nab a gardening plot for Mr. Hajj, who missed farming. Part of what made it so difficult to step back was that the Syrians and Canadians filled gaps in one another’s lives in a way none of them had anticipated: Wissam   had lost her mother as a girl now the older Canadian women became maternal figures to her, somehow able to trade family gossip and confidences about marriage despite the language gap. Ms. Karas longed for grandchildren and had embraced the four Syrian children as if they were her own. The three eldest had years of lost schooling to make up, and many of the sponsors were retired teachers. When one left Toronto for the winter, she fought back tears saying goodbye to the children. The next day, when Moutayam was in class, he cried about missing her. For sponsors, one of the most uncomfortable parts of Month 13 was watching the refugees make financial decisions they found questionable at best. Some of the Syrians took what the Canadians felt were the wrong jobs, or signed up for too many credit cards. Others bought cars, even if they did not have driver’s licenses. The lowest point in the Hajj sponsors’ year had started with an unsettling discovery. Like other Syrians, Mouhamad   had arrived in Canada eager to work, but had been counseled by the sponsors to instead take intensive English classes. (They helped him pick up odd jobs in gardening and construction.) A couple of months before the Month 13 deadline, he got lucky. The   friend who was advising the group called in a favor the sponsors never could have: He phoned an Egyptian immigrant he had helped years ago who now managed a shawarma restaurant in a mall food court and asked if he could give Mr. Hajj a job. Soon, Mr. Hajj was working a couple of evenings a week in addition to continuing English classes. But when Liz Stark accompanied Mr. Hajj to the bank to deposit a paycheck, she scanned his transactions and noticed something alarming: a couple of thousands of dollars were missing, withdrawn from A. T. M. s. “I thought he was getting scammed, defrauded,” she said later. Mr. Hajj, who seemed evasive, said he had taken out the money to stock up on food. “I wanted to make up for my kids the nights we used to go to sleep hungry,” he said. Ms. Stark, believing that Mr. Hajj didn’t understand his accounts well enough to realize what had happened, went to the bank to try to figure out what had gone wrong. When that turned up no evidence of theft, she and the other sponsors wondered if there were other explanations for the unfamiliar pattern. Had Mr. Hajj sent the money to his father in Syria? Stashed it away in a drawer? A few weeks later, Mr. Hajj asked the sponsors about going on welfare. He had heard about it from his classmates in English lessons. Some were enrolling, seeing it as a safer bet than insecure,   jobs, they told him. One explained that he could work and still collect the government assistance, if he could persuade his boss to pay him under the table. With a sinking feeling, the sponsors began to worry: Had Mr. Hajj been withdrawing the money to game the system, to lower his bank balance so he would qualify for social assistance? Even legal use of the welfare system by Syrian refugees was a charged question, the sponsors knew. Some Canadians argued that welfare was a necessary step for some refugees, buying them more time to learn the language, which would lead to better jobs in the long term. A survival job could turn into a trap, the philosophy went. But across Canada, resentment was rising about the amount of help the Syrian newcomers had been given. A member of Parliament was running for the head of the Conservative Party on a platform of screening new immigrants and refugees with questions like “Do you recognize that to have a good life in Canada you will need to work hard to provide for yourself and your family, and that you can’t expect to have things you want given to you?” The Hajj sponsors were acutely aware of this concern. “There’s going to be a backlash if suddenly 25, 000 Syrians appear on the welfare rolls,” Ms. Stark said. In Europe, the idea that government is taking services away from citizens and giving them to foreigners has become a familiar complaint. The sponsors weren’t sure what to believe they suspected that Mr. Hajj was keeping a secret. The situation was “eroding my confidence in Mouhamad and it was eroding my feelings towards the family,” Ms. Stark said. She and the other sponsors asked themselves: How could this be happening, after they had grown so close to the family? And did they really have the right to know or question how Mr. Hajj used money? In reply to his question about welfare, Ms. Karas did not mince words. “We didn’t bring you here and give you all this help so that you could become a drain on our government system,” Ms. Karas told him. She explained that social assistance was a stopgap measure for people in need. “We expected you to go out and get a job and support your family. ” Mr. Hajj agreed not to apply. “I’m a son to these sponsors, who have lived in this country their whole life,” he said later. “They must know for sure what is right and what is wrong. ” “Working is much better than staying at home and doing nothing,” he continued. “And work can make you earn more money. ” The Canadians decided to move on. “I can’t spend my whole life worrying about what happened to that money,” Ms. Stark said. In fact, Mr. Hajj had even more of a safety net than he knew. The sponsors had not told him that because of government support, they had money left over from the family’s first year. When he and his family encountered extra expenses, they would have several thousand dollars waiting. A few weeks after starting work, Mr. Hajj was heading to the restaurant when the subway ground to a halt: part of the line was down. He had no idea where he was, panicked that he would be late, tried to find a bus, and couldn’t ask anyone for help in English. He managed to phone the   friend who advised the sponsor group. The man instructed him to get into a cab and told the driver where to take him. Later, Mr. Hajj told Ms. Atkins and his children the story, managing to convey part of it in English. “Bus left here, work,” he said. “Taxi! Money, money big!” (The taxi had cost $12.) If it happened again, Ms. Atkins told him, he should take the bus to Yorkdale. She spoke it slowly, syllable by syllable, and told him to practice. “Yorkdale!” the Hajj children chimed in chorus with their father. Three weeks later, Peggy Karas stood in the Hajjes’ living room and reached her arms out to Julia, the   . It was six days into Month 13. Unlike many other groups, the Hajjes and their sponsors had not marked the moment with speeches or a cake they did not seem particularly eager to note the transition. Ms. Karas carried Julia to a wall filled with the sponsors’ pictures, pointed at each, and told the baby a name to match each familiar face: Liz. Jan. Carole. Cliff. Marg. That afternoon, the three older children had   conferences, and Ms. Karas and Ms. Atkins were going with them. But the Hajjes were also showing small new signs of independence. While the sponsors were still setting up their doctor’s appointments, the Syrians were now navigating there alone. Classmates of the couple’s   twins had started visiting for playdates. To Ms. Atkins’s delight, the Hajjes canceled plans with her to attend a   for Syrian families at a community center. And Zahiya, one of the twins, wowed everyone by writing down a phone message in English. Mr. Hajj still had not spoken to his father. But the restaurant was giving him more hours, and his   more seasoned arrivals from around the Muslim world, encouraged him and taught him new English words. Mr. Hajj even got his first raise, to $13 per hour from $11. 50. As his English inched forward, his talk of going back to Syria subsided. “I am now out of the zone of only listening,” he said in March, still using his native language to describe his new one. “I’m able to talk back to people, too,” he said. Across the country, as Month 13 turned into Months 14 and 15, the early results of private sponsorship of Syrians looked a lot like Mr. Hajj’s progress  —   still tentative, but showing forward motion. According to early government figures, about half of privately sponsored adults were working full or part time. As a group, they were outpacing the thousands more refugees who did not have sponsors and were being resettled by the government  —   only about 10 percent of them had jobs (on the whole, they were less educated and had higher rates of serious health problems and other needs). Previous refugees to Canada over the past decade  —   a mix of Iraqis, Afghans, Colombians, Eritreans and more  —   had followed the same pattern, with privately sponsored refugees more likely to be employed after a year at similar rates. Around the world, as a response to the colossal refugee crisis, more countries were exploring Canada’s unique system of letting everyday citizens resettle refugees. Britain and Argentina were starting pilot programs, and others were expected to follow. “The sponsorship program, in my opinion, is the most efficient way of bringing new people into the country, because it provides so much support, emotional, social and financial,” said Mr. Nammoura, the refugee advocate. In Canada, so many people applied to sponsor relatives of the first wave of Syrians that the system was jammed, slots for new refugees impossible to find. (The Hajj sponsors began applying for two of their siblings’ families to come to Canada after two New York Times readers learned of their struggles in an earlier article and donated the sponsorship costs, but the Canadians anticipated a lengthy wait.) Even the opposition Conservative Party, which accused the government of bringing in more Syrians than it could handle  —   over 40, 000 since November 2015  —   supported increasing the number of privately sponsored refugees. “There’s no reason why Canada shouldn’t be harnessing the generosity of private citizens,” said Michelle Rempel, the Conservative Party’s leader on immigration and refugee policy. But there was no common definition of success: Was it enough that these refugees were not dying in the Mediterranean or languishing in camps? Was working a menial job for subsistence pay a positive outcome? Many resettlement veterans argued that it was unrealistic to expect refugees to be   after a year, and that the real test would be the fate of their children. In a huge country with a relatively low population, where immigration was seen as necessary fuel, many Canadians were willing to make a generational investment. “We didn’t think about what success would look like,” Ms. Stark said. “We just thought about changing the life of one family. ” The Hajjes wished they could repay the sponsors, but it felt impossible. “They give us so much and we don’t have anything to give,” Ms. Hajj said. “So Mouhamad and I and the kids are always praying for them. ” As the Hajjes and the sponsors left the apartment for the   conferences, Peggy Karas asked if Ms. Hajj had brought a diaper for Julia, and the Syrian mother tucked one in her pocket. In the school parking lot, Ms. Karas pushed the stroller and Carole Atkins turned up with the older children, whom she had collected after school. A janitor let everyone in through a locked door, but looked quizzically at the motley group. “It’s a big family,” Ms. Karas told him with a laugh. The twins’   teacher was Stefanie Apostol, a Romanian immigrant who taught a special program for students who lacked formal schooling. She had a lingering accent, a commanding presence and a habit of calling Zahiya and her twin brother, Majed, “my kids. ” She began the meeting by firing off bursts of good news. The twins, unable to read at the start of the school year, were deciphering words. They showed up every day determined, worked intently, asked questions. Zahiya was meticulous. Majed was fast. They competed furiously. An interpreter tried to keep up with the praise, and as she translated for the Hajj parents, a look of immense relief passed over Mouhamad’s face. His children had gone without schooling for so many years. He had been worried that it was too late, that they would be illiterate like him. “We were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to learn,” he said. The teacher, grasping the depth of his fear, decided to show him proof. She beckoned the boy and girl to a stack of simple books and told them to each choose one. “The shark played with Mark at the park until dark,” Majed read. “The chick did a trick with a brick,” Zahiya followed, more hesitant. Mr. Hajj, glowing, looked like a different person. The teacher turned to the sponsors. “Thanks to you guys,” she said, sharing the credit. “You help and support us. ” Moutayam’s teacher had been even more direct: She asked the sponsors to confirm that they would keep working with him, and they replied that they would continue until he could do the homework completely on his own. Dropping the family off at their apartment, Ms. Atkins had intended to go straight home. But at the doorway, Majed wanted her to read him his report card, and Zahiya tugged at her, too. “I guess I’m going back in,” she said.",0
5514,Elizabeth Banks Calls Out Steven Spielberg for Sexist Casting,"Update: Banks apologized for forgetting about Spielberg’s film The Color Purple during her speech, in a statement posted to her Twitter account Thursday. [“When I made the comments, I was thinking of recent films Steven directed, it was not my intention to dismiss the import of the iconic #TheColorPurple,” she wrote.  pic. twitter.   —   Elizabeth Banks (@ElizabethBanks) June 15, 2017,  “Those who have the privilege and honor of directing and producing films should be held to account for our mistakes, whether it’s about diversity or inaccurate statements. I’m very sorry,” she added. Original story below:   Elizabeth Banks “called out” legendary director Steven Spielberg in a speech at the Women in Film awards ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel Wednesday, accusing Spielberg of never having cast a woman as a lead in a film in his   career. In an acceptance speech, Banks  —   who directed and starred in the 2015 sequel to the cult hit Pitch Perfect  —    reportedly discussed the lack of female representation in Hollywood and specifically   the        according to the Wrap. “I went to Indiana Jones and Jaws and every movie Steven Spielberg ever made, and by the way, he’s never made a movie with a female lead,” Banks charged. “Sorry, Steven. I don’t mean to call your ass out but it’s true. ” While most of Spielberg’s films do appear to revolve around male leads, at least three have featured lead roles for women his first film, 1974’s The Sugarland Express, which starred Goldie Hawn 1985’s The Color Purple, which starred Oprah Winfrey and Whoopi Goldberg and last year’s The BFG, which starred child actor Ruby Barnhill. An upcoming film about the Pentagon Papers is set to star Meryl Streep as Washington Post publisher Kay Graham. Spielberg has also produced several titles with leading roles for women, including 2009’s The Lovely Bones, starring Rachel Weisz, and 2005’s Memoirs of a Geisha. The Wrap reported that an audience member pointed out The Color Purple to Banks, but she moved on in her speech. Banks  —   who is set to direct an upcoming reboot of Charlie’s Angels  —   was feted at the Women in Film event by former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, for whom she had campaign during the 2016 race. Clinton told the audience that she had not yet seen the superhero film Wonder Woman, but predicted she would enjoy it. “Something tells me that a movie about a strong, powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley,” Clinton said.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
5515,Looking at Your Home Planet from Mars - The New York Times,"Greetings Earthlings! This is your planet and its moon as seen from Mars, some 127 million miles away. This composite image, which was released by NASA on Friday, was created using a special camera aboard the agency’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which is a spacecraft orbiting about 180 miles above the red planet. The camera is called the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment. It provides scientists with detailed views of the Martian surface so they can better study geological features like its volcanoes and gullies, as well as scope out potential landing sites for future missions. “It’s the biggest telescope ever sent to another planet,” said Alfred McEwen a planetary geologist at the University of Arizona and the principal investigator of HiRise. Dr. McEwen said that the image was taken while NASA researchers were trying to calibrate the camera. NASA knows precisely what color the moon’s near side is, so when it wants to calibrate HiRise, it points it at the moon and takes some images. NASA then analyzes the pictures and if the colors appear off it can correct the calibration. “The moon is boring. It doesn’t change, it’s relatively bland and it doesn’t have all of these variations or changing clouds. It’s a good calibration target,” Dr. McEwen said. “The Earth is a bad calibration target with all its variability like clouds and such, but it makes a pretty picture. ” Earth and the moon appear close in this image, but that is because the moon is actually just behind Earth. The researchers had to wait until the two celestial bodies were positioned like this because it provided them with the best view of the moon to perform their calibration, Dr. McEwen said. To make this picture, scientists combined two separate exposures taken on Nov. 20, 2016, which were processed differently. Dr. McEwen said that NASA needed two exposures to make this image because a good image of the moon saturates Earth, and a good image of Earth makes the moon appear too dark. Vegetation appears red in this image, according to Dr. McEwen. The red spot in the middle of Earth is Australia, the one on the top left is Southeast Asia and Antarctica is the bright white blob in the bottom left.",0
5516,This Weird Trick Puts A Police Power In Your Hands,"Home / Badge Abuse / This Weird Trick Puts A Police Power In Your Hands This Weird Trick Puts A Police Power In Your Hands The Free Thought Project October 26, 2016 Comments Off on This Weird Trick Puts A Police Power In Your Hands -sponsored content by 
Ever try Googling someone only to come up with basic information and maybe a link or two to an outdated social media profile? There’s a new website going around that promises to reveal much more than just a simple google search can show you. 
Been issued a speeding ticket? Failed to stop at a stop sign? What about your family members? And friends? If you are like most of us, the answer to at least one of those questions is “yes”—the vast majority of us have slipped up at least once or twice. 
An innovative new website — Instant Checkmate is now revealing the full “scoop” on millions of Americans. 
Instant Checkmate aggregates hundreds of millions of publicly available criminal, traffic, and arrest records and posts them online so they can easily be searched by anyone. Members of the site can literally begin searching within seconds, and are able to check as many records as they like (think: friends, family, neighbors, etc. etc.). 
Previously, if you wanted to research someone’s arrest records, you might have had to actually go into a county court office—in the appropriate county—and formally request information on an individual. This process may have taken days or weeks, or the information might not have been available at all. With websites like Instant Checkmate , however, a background check takes just a few clicks of the mouse, and no more than a minute or two. 
While preparing this article, I decided to run a quick search on myself to give the service a real-world test. To my dismay, the search revealed several items I’d long forgotten—one of them being for the possession of a fake ID I was (embarrassingly) issued back in college when I was just 18 years old. “possession of a fake ID I was (embarrassingly) issued back in college when I was just 18 years old” 
After searching myself and finding those records, my curiosity was piqued, and I began researching family members—apparently my aunt Susanne isn’t a very good driver, judging by the numerous traffic citations that showed on her record. 
One of the most interesting aspects of Instant Checkmate is that it shows not only criminal records, but also more general background information like court records, various types of licenses (FAA, DEA), previous addresses, phone numbers, birthdates, estimated income levels and even satellite imagery of known addresses—it’s really pretty scary just how much information is in these reports. 
In addition to giving information on the specific person you search for, the report also includes a scrolling list of “local sex offenders” for whatever region you’ve searched—along with a map plotting out the locations of those offenders. I started perusing the ones that showed up in my report, and I was absolutely blown away when I stumbled upon my junior high school wrestling coach’s mug shot. 
“I was absolutely blown away when I stumbled upon my junior high school wrestling coach’s mug shot.” 
His crime was listed as “Out of state offense,”” so I wasn’t able to get the specifics (you usually can—this was an unusual case), but he was definitely a registered sex offender. Scary stuff. 
I would definitely recommend this tool to friends and family. Anyone can start running background checks on Instant Checkmate within a few seconds—just click this link to get started. If you would like to search someone you know, click here . Note from the Author 
I have to warn you before you start your search, the information you find may be overwhelming and has the potential of changing your view of the search subject forever. Keep this in mind when completing your search . – Heidi R.",0
5517,Nigel Farage fails to incite a mob,"Sunday, 6 November 2016 Farage. Just an unbelievable cunt! 
Nigel Farage has threatened to create ""political disturbances in the street"" after recent developments in the government's implementation of Brexit. Due to his belief that he is destined to become the unelected dictator of a newly ""independent"" Britain, he has conspired with his millionaire tabloid-owning friends to try to start a sort of beer hall putsch to propel himself to power. 
Sadly, nobody followed his advice. Mainly because his supporters are too old to form a mob, they don't know how to organise using social media, and most of them would rather stay indoors watching The Antiques Roadshow. 
Mr Farage was disappointed with the response. The would-be tyrant with a German wife has been seen practicing his goose-step for months, although he actually marches more like a duck. 
Police have said that it is probably just as well that Farage's supposed violence did not appear, because it would make his incitement a criminal offence. Mr Farage has not been discouraged however, and is planning to hire a crowd of cheap Eastern European labourers to form a mob for him. Make Sir Geoffroy Cockface's  ",0
5518,Domestic U.S. Politics of War with Russia,"Eric Zuesse First, the context in which the issue of war against Russia has been raised: Syria’s government is allied with Russia’s government, and ‘The West’ is trying to overthrow Syria’s government and is bringing into Syria, and arming, tens of thousands of jihadists there, as the footsoldiers to do it. Syria and Russia are bombing the people that we are bringing in. The Presidential candidate of the U.S. Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, is a longstanding and ardent proponent of the U.S. establishing a “no-fly zone” over at least the parts of Syria where non-ISIS jihadists — the jihadists that are financed and armed by the U.S. and its allies (mainly by the Sunni fundamentalist royal families who own Saudi Arabia and Qatar) — have conquered territory from Syria’s (legitimate and internationally recognized) government. It’s conquest of Syria, that the U.S. is backing. The U.S., in both law and fact, is already participating in an invasion of Syria. Syria’s government is run by the ideologically committed anti-Sharia-law and non-sectarian Ba’ath Party, under President Bashar al-Assad, who happens to be nominally an Alawite Shiite (and fundamentalist Sunnis hate Shiites, and all of the jihadists are fundamentalist Sunnis, just as the royal Saudi and Qatari families are ), and Assad has always crushed jihadists in Syria — until Barack Obama became the U.S. President. As soon as Obama came into power, he and Hillary Clinton were working behind the scenes for the overthrow of Bashar al-Assad. Clinton has committed herself clearly to completing what President Obama has started. And she intends to do it by means of instituting in Syria a no-fly zone like she did in Libya ( a big win for her ). But there is a big difference: Russian planes weren’t defending Muammar Gaddafi’s Libyan government. Russian planes are defending Bashar al-Assad’s Syrian government. For the U.S. government to institute a no-fly zone in Syria would mean that the U.S. would shoot down Syrian government planes that are bombing the U.S.-backed jihadists who are fighting to overthrow and replace Assad’s government. Of course many civilians are getting bombed by both the U.S. and Syrian sides, and some of the victims of the Syrian government’s side are publicized on U.S.-allied television in order to stir hatred against Assad and help (the non-ISIS, U.S.-backed) jihadists (such as Al Qaeda in Syria), but this is the way of war — and the propaganda for war — and no “no-fly zone” will improve that situation, but could possibly make it far worse. Russia’s participation in the Syrian war is not an invasion, but America’s is. The Syrian government had requested assistance from the Russian government to help kill all of the jihadist groups (not only ISIS but Al Qaeda in Syria and all the others, all of which are backed by the U.S. and by the royals who own Saudi Arabia and Qatar). The jihadists are trying to overthrow and replace Syria’s secular government. On 30 September 2015, Russia started its bombing campaign there, which continues. Consequently, the U.S.-established no-fly zone in Syria would also be shooting down Russian bombers. At that point, where the U.S. and Russia are at war against each other in Syria due to America’s no-fly zone (in a country where we’re invaders , not invited in by the nation’s government, such as the Russian planes are), either one side or the other would surrender, or else nuclear war would result. How likely would Syria and Russia be to surrender Syria? How likely would the U.S. be to surrender to Russia and Syria? (After all: Hillary Clinton is passionately anti-Russian and anti-Syrian.) In other words, and in short: nuclear war is the likely outcome if Hillary Clinton becomes elected President of the United States . It would be practically unavoidable, if she is elected. The domestic U.S. politics that are associated with this shocking but clear fact are complex, but are likewise clear: The American public simply don’t know or understand these facts; and the reason they don’t is that these facts are hidden from them, as will be exemplified in the following ways: On October 26th, the U.S.-allied propaganda-agency Reuters headlined “Britain, U.S. sending planes, troops to deter Russia in the east” and pretended (without even acknowledging the actual facts of the matter) that this NATO action is a response to ‘deter’ Russia because Russia had accepted in 2014 the overwhelming desire of the residents of Crimea to become Russian citizens after the coup that U.S. President Barack Obama’s Administration had perpetrated in Ukraine during February 2014 , overthrowing the democratically elected Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, for whom 75% of Crimeans had voted . Even Western-sponsored polls that were taken of Crimeans both before and after the resulting Crimean 16 March 2014 referendum on whether Crimea should be restored to being again a province of Russia (which Crimea was until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev had arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954) showed that over 90% of Crimeans wanted to do this and that even a higher percentage of them were mad as hell against what America was doing and extremely supportive of Russia’s position on this matter, but the U.S. government’s position is that it was instead ‘conquest of land’ by Russia, and the U.S. and its allies are pouring troops and weapons onto and near Russia’s borders in order to defend against ‘ Russian aggression’ . The power of sheer propaganda! It’s crucial in politics. The way the Reuters ‘news’ report phrased this matter was “NATO’s aim is to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to deter Russia in Europe’s ex-Soviet states, after Moscow orchestrated the annexation of the Crimea peninsula in 2014.” That’s not as much of a lie as the U.S. President’s use of the word ‘conquest’ to describe Russia’s role there is, but it’s close. Reuters’s report opened with “Britain said on Wednesday it will send fighter jets to Romania next year and the United States promised troops, tanks and artillery to Poland in NATO’s biggest military build-up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War.” But in order to play down the danger here, they refused to headline their ‘news report’ with that, it’s real, actual, news, which was: “NATO’s biggest military build-up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War.” That headline would have attracted far more readers, but in the ‘news’ business in a dictatorship , that’s not the main objective when reporting news that the government wants to bury instead of to go viral. It’s part of ‘news’-management, which includes burying what is important. Then, Reuters quoted the U.S. Secretary of ‘Defense’, who said: “It’s a major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here.” After the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, and in the same year terminated its Warsaw Pact military alliance that had been set up by the Soviet Union to mirror America’s NATO alliance, NATO expanded right up to Russia’s borders and is therefore highly aggressive and threatening toward the people of Russia , who don’t like missiles minutes away, any more than Americans would like if Russia took over Mexico and placed troops and missiles on our border. But, according to the U.S.-and-allied propaganda-line, this strangulation of Russia by NATO is ‘deterrence’ against Russia. Then, when Russia responds to such U.S.-aggression by positioning troops and weapons to their side of their border, that’s called ‘aggressive’. And NATO is ‘responding’ to ‘Russia’s aggressive moves’. It’s like blaming a raped woman for trying to defend against her rapist. Hillary Clinton’s actions (never her rhetoric) show that she wants more of that type of thing, especially regarding the Russian people, whom the U.S. government wants to conquer by eliminating their international allies, one by one — and then by eliminating their own leader Vladimir Putin himself, after the original ‘regime change in Iraq’ (whose Saddam Hussein was the first Russia-friendly leader to be eliminated; then Muammar Gaddafi, then Bashar al-Assad, then Viktor Yanukovych ). The pattern is clear. And now NATO is going in for the kill. But this reality is not how America’s ‘impartial’ press reports what is actually a buildup toward a possible NATO invasion of Russia. Of course, America’s Republican Party (or conservative) press have long been controlled by neoconservatives (they were all supportive of ‘regime-change in Iraq’, and the American public never punished them for that — mega-criminal deceit goes unpunished), and so they don’t even pretend to be anything more than nationalistic mouthpieces for the U.S. government’s conquests. However, the Democratic Party’s (or liberal) press do need to cater to some progressive anti-nationalistic audiences. Yet still neoconservatism dominates at such newspapers as The New York Times and the Washington Post , as well as in magazines such as The Atlantic , The New Republic , and Foreign Policy , all of which are, if anything, neoconservative Democratic Party organs. All of them endorse Hillary Clinton. But there is a small progressive wing to American ‘journalism’; and, so, here is how one of the progressive sites, Common Dreams, handles this crucial matter, which might soon end the world as we know it: they headlined on October 26th, “NATO Preps ‘Biggest Military Build-Up on Russia’s Borders Since Cold War’,” and opened (quoting from Reuters and other Western sources): Playing “a dangerous game,” NATO pushes allies to send more troops and military equipment to Eastern Europe. NATO is pushing all allies to deploy more troops and military equipment to Russia’s borders, further ratcheting up tensions as the West prepares for “its biggest military build-up on Russia’s borders since the Cold War,” as Reuters observed. “France, Denmark, Italy and other allies are expected to join the four battle groups led by the United States, Germany, Britain, and Canada to go to Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia, with forces ranging from armored infantry to drones,” Reuters reported. “Yet with the U.S. openly talking [about] a war with Russia, the continued deployments seem far from a purely defensive measure,” argued Antiwar.com’s Jason Ditz [who said]: ”Diplomats also suggested it was only partly about sending a message to Russia, and that the real point of the latest push is to get a bunch of nations involved as a ‘message’ to U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump, who has complained the U.S. is spending too much defending Europe and that Europe isn’t doing enough on its own. That underscores the cynical nature of the deployments, and indeed the sort of thing adding to the sense of NATO being obsolete, that they feel they can afford to organize major deployments just for the sake of scoring political points in member nations’ elections.” These moves are shortsighted, to say the least, wrote Gilbert Doctorow of the American Committee for East-West Accord [by saying]: “America’s steady campaign of expanding NATO, […] its vilification of Russia, and its information war based on lies” are part of “a dangerous game” that is pulling all sides inevitably closer to war, Doctorow argued. Nothing was provided there that highlighted the stark contrast between the strongly anti-invasion Republican Presidential candidate Trump, versus the strongly pro-invasion Democratic candidate Clinton. In other words, no essential context was provided — no context of a policy-decision that America’s voters will have to make, choosing the one or the other to be the next President. Instead, ‘progressive’ news-sites treat their readers and audiences as mere fools who think that voting for a third-party candidate in a U.S. Presidential contest is not a wasted vote, like refusing to vote at all is. The overwhelming majority of the 100+ reader-comments to that Common Dreams report, who expressed a Presidential choice said “Vote Green” or “Jill Stein,” referring to a third-party candidate who stands no chance of winning even one of the 50 U.S. states. In other words: the readers at this progressive site are so unconcerned about the future of the world, that they don’t even care whether the next U.S. President would be Hillary Clinton who would cause nuclear war, or Donald Tump who has consistently argued against her neoconservatism and emphasized the necessity of ending the U.S. government’s rabid hostility toward Russia and ending expansion of NATO up to Russia’s borders. In other words: despite progressive rhetoric, they’re actually oblivious to the world’s future — oblivious to the most important thing of all. And, so, that is the domestic politics of the war that the U.S. elite are determined to wage against Russia. The fix is in for nuclear war. To the owners of the media, the people who hire and fire — and promote and demote — the “news’ people, and thus who shape what the public know and understand and what the public don’t, it’s better that the outcome of the U.S. election be determined by whether or not Donald Trump is a rapist, than by whether or not Hillary Clinton will bring about nuclear war with Russia. So, it’s the way things are. In the U.S.-allied nations such as Britain, the ‘news’ media are similar. For example, Britain’s liberal Guardian headlined on October 27th, “Nato and Russia playing dangerous game with military build-up: Russia wants to detract from problems at home and position itself as a superpower, and Nato troop movements can only help.” It said that, “amid western suspicions the Russian fleet will be used to flatten civilians in Aleppo, Nato’s apparent goal here is to deter future acts of aggression on European territory by Vladimir Putin’s revanchist Russia.” That might as well have been written by the Obama Administration, as by some ‘news’ person. ‘The West’ is clearly behind the plan. Of course, the American public haven’t yet spoken.",0
5519,Pot Decriminalization Saves Philadelphia Millions,"Headlined to H3 10/27/16 - Advertisement - A vivid example of benefits from decriminalization of possessing small amounts of marijuana occurred at the Philadelphia airport recently, a few days after the release of a report from two prominent organizations that called for the national decriminalization of personal use/possession of marijuana and other illicit drugs. This example, interestingly, occurred on the day of the second anniversary of Philadelphia's implementation of decriminalization, the enforcement practice that replaces possession arrests with issuance of traffic-ticket like citations. That enforcement change has saved the City of Philadelphia at least $9-million in costs related to arrests and adjudications for marijuana possession, analysts calculate. However, a few days after that decriminalization anniversary in Philadelphia, a news media report detailed the ordeal experienced by a Philadelphia resident arrested in a suburban county adjacent to Philadelphia for a small amount of marijuana. That chance arrest ultimately led to weeks of needless incarceration in New Jersey, the state where Republican Chris Christie, an avowed opponent of decriminalization, serves as governor. Philly pot arrests drop after decriminalization.(image by LBW Photo) License DMCA The Philadelphia airport discovery of a small amount of marijuana in the luggage of three-time Philadelphia GOP mayoral candidate Sam Katz resulted in embarrassment for Katz but not his arrest and subsequent court proceedings. At the airport, Philadelphia police issued a $25 citation to Katz. Receipt of that citation allowed Katz, a nationally respected municipal finance expert turned award winning documentary filmmaker, to continue to Florida for a planned fishing trip instead of a trip to jail. The 2015 discovery of a similar small amount of marijuana at the then suburban Philadelphia home of Ivan Haynes produced a chain of events dramatically different from what happened to Katz. - Advertisement - Police in the suburban Philadelphia community of Bensalem, Bucks County found a few grams of marijuana when serving a warrant on Haynes for a minor offense. Haynes missed court dates for that marijuana possession arrest because Bucks County authorities sent court date notices to the wrong address. Bucks County authorities issued a bench warrant for the arrest of Haynes when he did not appear in court despite his lack of awareness of those court proceedings. In July 2016, when Haynes was in an automobile that had a minor accident on the New Jersey turnpike, State Police detained him on that bench warrant. That detention led to Haynes' imprisonment in NJ for 41-days before his extradition to Bucks County. Upon return to Pennsylvania Haynes was quickly released by Bucks County authorities and subsequently sentenced to time served (in NJ) for that 2015 marijuana possession arrest. That NJ incarceration robbed the self-employed Haynes of jobs and cost him good-will of some clients. In 2015, Bucks County registered the third highest number of marijuana possession arrests in Pennsylvania at 1,010. Bucks County, Pa -- like the entire state of New Jersey -- has not decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana. Over half of the nearly 25,000 marijuana possession arrests in New Jersey during 2014 were for amounts of 50-grams or less. Marijuana prohibition has cost NJ taxpayers between $150-200-million since 2010 when Christie took office, experts estimate. - Advertisement - Before Philadelphia became the largest city in America to implement decriminalization of simple possession of marijuana on October 20, 2014 thousands endured arrest annually. Those arrests produced the stain of a criminal record and often incarceration. During the years 2012-2013 before decriminalization in Philadelpia police arrested 8,580 adults and juveniles. Philadelphia possession arrest figures for 2015 and part of 2016 after implementation of decriminalization, around 1,500 Philadelphians experienced arrest for marijuana possession -- a marked decrease. ""Decriminalization has been a resounding success for the municipal government and for cannabis consumers in Philadelphia,"" PhillyNORML official Chris Goldstein said. Goldstein, an expert on cannabis policy, writes a weekly column on cannabis issue for philly.com, the news website for Philadelphia's two daily newspapers. Days before the decriminalization of marijuana possession anniversary in Philadelphia a report issued jointly by Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union called on federal and state authorities to decriminalize personal use and possession of drugs due to the documented failures of the War on Drugs. The two organizations recommended a shift from shift enforcement to prevention and harm reductions.",0
5520,"Zika Infection in U.S. Is Still Rare So Far, Blood Donations Indicate - The New York Times","By the end of this week, all blood banks in the continental United States must begin testing donated blood for contamination with the Zika virus. Many banks are doing so already, and the early results indicate that the country has dodged a bullet  —   for now. Screenings in a dozen states suggest that Zika infection remains exceedingly rare. Among the approximately 800, 000 blood donations tested in the past six months or so, about 40 were initially positive for the virus. “It is good news that we are avoiding the transmission of Zika,” said Dr. Susan Rossmann, the chief medical officer at Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center in Houston. Still, she noted, it may not be surprising there are so few possibly positive cases, because blood banks have been dissuading people from donating if they recently traveled to an area in which the virus is circulating. Blood donation screening for Zika is performed with tests made by Roche Molecular Systems or by a collaboration between two medical companies, Hologic Inc. and Grifols. The screening effort is regulated as two gigantic clinical trials in which every blood donor is enrolled as a participant. All the results, therefore, are reported to the companies. By Friday, Roche’s machines had screened 475, 000 donations in the United States, excluding Puerto Rico. Just 25 have been “initially reactive” for Zika infection, said Tony Hardiman, who leads the company’s blood screening program. “Compared to Puerto Rico, it’s tiny,” he said. Roughly 1 percent of the blood donors in Puerto Rico were infected by July, with 1. 8 percent of them testing initially positive in the last week of surveillance, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. By   roughly 348, 000 donations had been screened using the test made by Hologic Inc. and Grifols. Fourteen were initially positive for the Zika virus. It may be that not all of these samples are truly contaminated. The technology is still in development, and the manufacturers are scrambling to confirm their results with further investigations of the donors. Of three donors examined by Hologic and Grifols, all seem to have been infected outside the United States. One donor gave blood at United Blood Services in Reno, Nev. after visiting Nicaragua. Another, a New Yorker, had been to Trinidad. The third lives in Arizona and had visited Mexico. All three donors had minute traces of the Zika virus in their blood, detected between 41 and 97 days after travel abroad, Jeffrey Linnen, an associate vice president at Hologic, told attendees at a recent conference for AABB, the   group for most blood banks nationwide. Viral material detected after 40 days is unlikely to be live virus, said Dr. David O. Freedman, an infectious disease specialist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. “The farther along you are after infection, the more likely you are just detecting residual breakdown products from dead virus pieces that are still circulating,” he said. In August, the Food and Drug Administration required all blood banks to screen each of the millions of blood donations collected annually for Zika. Eleven states in   areas had to put in the new safeguards in a month. The rest must do so by Friday. At the time, experts feared that   mosquitoes would begin turning up in states along the Gulf Coast, prompting outbreaks like those seen in South America and threatening the nation’s supply of donated blood. Universal screening was necessary to avoid transmission of the Zika virus in donated blood, particularly to pregnant women. If exposed to the virus in utero, fetuses can have brain damage, visual and joint problems, and muscle tone so rigid it restricts movement. Florida is the only state with documented local transmission of the virus. In July, the F. D. A. temporarily halted collection of blood donations in   and Broward Counties until screening for the Zika virus could be put in place. Blood banks perform the screenings themselves or, more often, pay a laboratory to insure donations are  . The additional costs are passed on to hospitals. The range is from $6 to $10 a unit, Dr. Rossmann said. “It’s not inconsiderable, that’s for sure. ” One 2011 survey found that hospitals paid $210 on average for a unit of red blood cells, after screening for pathogens. The cost of blood is increasing, the researchers also concluded. “The F. D. A. requirement made it pretty clear that we don’t have much of a choice, and the hospitals don’t have much of a choice,” Dr. Rossmann said. Meeting the deadlines has been a monumental task for blood banks. Introducing a new test to screen donations usually takes six to 12 months. The F. D. A. ’s timeline was just one month for blood banks in Florida and 11 other states thought to be at high risk for Zika outbreaks, and three months for those in 38 other states. “It was extremely painful, extremely expensive,” said Phillip Williamson, the vice president for operations and scientific affairs at Creative Testing Solutions. “This was an unfunded mandate from our government. ” Rhode Island Blood Center, for example, acquired two new machines to screen 153, 000 annual donations and trained 17 employees to load blood samples and run the automated testing around the clock. “We’ve been scrambling to get ready,” said Dr. Carolyn Young, the chief medical officer. In the coming months, the main threat to the blood supply will be the roughly 4, 000 travelers infected with the Zika virus while abroad. Most do not have symptoms. Dr. Lyle Petersen, the director of the division of   diseases at the C. D. C. has called the number of travel cases in the continental states “extraordinary. ” The fear is not that they will all seek to donate blood, but that they will serve as vectors by which the Zika virus will spread in the population, even when the mosquitoes that carry the infection are not present. Sexual transmission is the likeliest route. “When people come back from trips, they generally have sex pretty soon,” Dr. Petersen recently told a packed room at an annual conference for blood transfusion experts. In all cases the C. D. C. has studied, he said, “transmission from infected travelers to their nontraveler partners has occurred within 20 days of the first sexual contact. ” Recently infected travelers have higher levels of Zika in their blood, semen and other bodily fluids, and are probably more infectious. Blood banks had been asking donors about their travel history and that of their sexual partners, and then asking them to postpone donating for at least a month. To prove that their new tests work reliably enough to be licensed, Hologic, Grifols and Roche may need to enroll millions of participants in their continuing trials. Roughly seven million people give blood annually Creative Testing Solutions screens about a third of them. “We have to sign up every one of those people for a clinical trial,” Dr. Williamson said. While the nonprofit can handle the burden, he added, “I’m sure a lot of places out there are struggling as the result of the aggressive implementation guidelines mandated by F. D. A. ” Still, most experts agree that universal screening is costly but necessary if the country wishes to avoid even a single instance in which a child is   because of a transfusion of contaminated blood. The Community Blood Bank of Northwest Pennsylvania and Western New York, based in Erie, Pa. has been drawing extra tubes of blood from donors to fly overnight to a Houston laboratory for Zika screening at $6 to $10 a sample. “Compared to the overall cost of health care,” said Scott Greenwell, the executive director of the blood bank, “this is spit in the ocean. ”",0
5521,Press is Shocked at Prince Harry,"Killer Sock Puppets: The Return An update in the horrific Sock Puppet Terrorisation (SPT) craze that has been sweeping two coastal towns. Police raided an address in Aldbourgh last night and confiscated over £50 in sock puppet making technology. No one was at the property but offic... Killer Sock Puppets The ""Killer Clown"" craze that has been sweeping the nation (and led BATTL news to assault a children's entertainer this week) may not be the only costumed terror we have to worry about. Sightings of deranged sock puppets terrorising seaside commu... Major Companies Consider Revision Of Recorded Messages For Customers Waiting For A Call To Be Answered A recent survey of its members by the UK consumer group, Which?, has identified the most annoying elements of recorded messages played to customers who are waiting for their calls to be answered. The most irritating phrase contains a reassurance t... Primary School Teacher In Chubby Brown Shocker A school teacher from the village of Clackersford has found herself in hot water this week after allowing an unruly class of seven and eight year olds to watch a Chubby Brown video. Following a major debacle in the classroom (B7), in which many... End of British Summer Time In an effort to prevent all of the issues with British Summer Time ending, the government will be introducing a new phased two step change to the system. Instead of the clocks changing by one hour on one day, there will now be two days where the c...",0
5522,U.S. Athletes Reassured After New Russian Hack - The New York Times,"The United States   Agency is seeking to reassure American athletes that their private medical information is safe after Russian hackers gained access to the email account of one of the agency’s officials. The same cyberespionage group that stole private medical information from the World   Agency’s athlete database last summer more recently compromised the email account belonging to the science director of the American agency. The agency believes the breach occurred in early September in Rio de Janeiro, at the start of the Paralympic Games. The federal authorities have assessed the extent of the damage and are investigating the attack, the United States agency said. Travis Tygart, chief executive of Usada, called the attacks “deplorable” on Friday, adding: “Our athletes here in the U. S. get it, and they see these cyberattacks for exactly what they are: A blatant attempt to baselessly smear the reputations of clean athletes and to distract from the   doping system that corrupted the Sochi Games. ” The hackers, calling themselves Fancy Bear  —   a group believed to be associated with the G. R. U. the Russian military intelligence agency suspected of involvement in the recent cyberattack on the Democratic National Committee  —   published files this month relating to American athletes whom the sports authorities had granted waivers to take prohibited drugs. Such waivers, known as therapeutic use exemptions, have been central to the recent Fancy Bear hacks. When the group began publishing athlete files in   it argued that the exemptions  —   granted by top sports authorities and approved by WADA and the International Olympic Committee  —   constituted sanctioned doping and delivered an unfair advantage. Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, expressed that view this week, suggesting that athletes with drug exemptions should compete in special, segregated categories. The Russian government has denied ties to the Fancy Bear attack. More than 25 American athletes  —   including   Olympians like Simone Biles and Serena and Venus Williams  —   were affected by the hackers’ first several rounds of disclosures, staggered over several weeks. Ms. Biles, 19, subsequently said that she had received a diagnosis of   hyperactivity disorder years earlier, adding that she was not ashamed of her disorder or by the disclosure of her sensitive medical information. Also affected were more than 100 athletes from 26 other countries  —   including one from Russia  —   who had permission to take a range of medications to treat conditions like allergies, asthma and attention disorders. But with the latest batch of files, published Oct. 7 and drawing on the American antidoping agency’s emails, the hackers focused squarely on the United States, citing “more than 200 American athletes who have permission to take banned drugs” whose names and waivers they had gained access to via a spreadsheet stored on email. (The United States files, first reported on by Forbes, were taken down for roughly five days, during which the Fancy Bear site was down.) The email breach affected one individual’s account, the United States antidoping agency said this week that account belonged to Matthew Fedoruk, the organization’s science director. Dr. Fedoruk was working at the oceanside hotel where the International Paralympic Committee was headquartered, in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of Rio. His account was thought to have been compromised through the   network he was using there. The organization was not aware of the breach until Fancy Bear announced it roughly a month later. The American agency said this week that its email servers had not been compromised and that the breach had affected Mr. Fedoruk’s account alone. The agency said it had determined that Fancy Bear made failed attempts through different channels to gain access to other files, including the agency’s financial records. Russia was barred from participating in the Paralympics after revelations of   doping and coordinated   that relied on help from Russia’s Federal Security Service. In recent days, Mr. Tygart sent a video message to all American athletes whose information had been made public. He said he had spoken with dozens of athletes and their parents by phone. Mr. Tygart called on global sports leaders to condemn the hacks. Thomas Bach, president of the International Olympic Committee, has called the breaches “unacceptable” while suggesting that responsibility lies with WADA, which ought to “significantly improve its information security standards to comply with the international data privacy regulations and to prevent data leakage of critical information. ” The Fancy Bear hackers have threatened to continue to release information, suggesting last Friday that Dr. Fedoruk’s emails were only the start of the correspondence they had obtained. As investigations into elaborate   cheating by Russia at the last Winter Olympics continue, “some leaders in Olympic sport have taken the bait and are talking more about this,” Mr. Tygart said of the hacks, “than about imposing meaningful consequences on a   doping program and how to ensure that it never happens again. ”",0
5523,"Fort Russ' Joaquin Flores on RT: ""Ukraine has been plundered by the US""","November 16, 2016 - Fort Russ -  
Joaquin Flores - RT -  





     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
5524,Obscured American: Eddie the house painter,"Obscured American: Eddie the house painter By Linh Dinh Posted on November 3, 2016 by Linh Dinh 
When 46-year-old Eddie found out I’d been interviewing people, he wanted to talk. “You can write a book about me!” and that’s true enough, but then again, I’ve never met an uninteresting person. 
Within a minute, Eddie was showing me photos of women on his cell phone. There was plenty of skin and at least one crotch shot. These voluptuous ladies had sent these boudoir selfies to him, Eddie growled, his eyes sparkling. 
Eddie’s a beefy dude, with a head like an Olmec statue. Though he wears a permanent scowl, it’s a friendly scowl. 
Eddie was in Friendly Lounge with his house painting boss, Tony, an Italian dude who used to live in the neighborhood. 
After talking to Eddie, I checked out his Facebook page. “im a fun loving guy who just wants peace in my life,” he introduces himself, and the first two photos feature Eddie with white women. In one, he’s in some bar and wearing a white T-shirt, “WHITE GIRLS LOVE ME.” With his arms outstretched , Eddie’s surrounded by eight white females and one bald white guy. The women appear to be in their 30s and 40s, though one, wearing granny glasses, has sweated, cursed and imbibed her way through nearly six decades, it seems. You go, grandma! In the other photo, two beaming blondes drape themselves all over Eddie. 
Below these shots, there’s a video of Oprah Winfrey begging her audience to vote for Hillary Clinton, and down the page, there’s a computer animation of Donald Trump making his most grotesque faces while sitting on a toilet. 
Talking to me, Eddie brought up the pains of being rejected by his dad all his life. The rates of American children being born out of wedlock have been rising, calamitously, for decades, and currently stand at around 40%. Among blacks, it’s 72%. 
I’ve known Tony since high school. He lives in the suburbs too. I grew up in West Philly, right around the corner from the zoo, then I moved to the suburbs. I’ve been working with Tony for two years. 
I was in Boston for ten years. The only reason I came back here was because I had the cancer and everything. After they did the surgery, my family wanted me to come back, you know, be closer to home, in case it happens again. 
I was doing work. The customers loved the work. Their relatives were from Boston, and they were like, “Do you travel?” I said, “If it’s worth it, yeah.” 
So they put me on a job up there, and my ex-girlfriend, I stayed at her house for a while, then I bought my own place. When I moved up there, I just got work, work, work, work. 
I loved it up there! I loved it! I loved it! I loved it! 
It’s funny because I’m not like most black guys, black people, you know. I love the water, being out there on the water, fishing and all types of stuff, and there are so many bodies of water up there. That’s where I get my peace of mind, you know what I mean? I sit there and don’t have a care in the world. I didn’t have my own boat. I was renting the stuff right there. 
Here, it’s not the same because you can’t get in the water. I love fresh water. Fresh water is beautiful. I like deep sea fishing, salt water and all that, but freshwater is beautiful. 
This whole summer, I didn’t hit the water at all. I didn’t even swim this summer. Did you hear what I just said, Tony? This whole summer, I didn’t even swim. Like, what the fuck! 
They have lakes up there, and they have park rangers and they’ve got grills up there, where you can grill, volleyball nets, all that stuff. 
It’s $4 a carload, so you can have six people in a car. It only takes $4 to get in there. You can swim, fish, play volleyball, and you can do that almost any time. 
at it’s crazy to move up there, like they’re so prejudiced up there, but they’re not. They were so nice. 
The first day I got up there, people were opening doors for me. They were like, “Hey, how are you doing?!” It was totally different from here, you know, and I loved it, just loved it. 
It’s not racial at all. There were so many mixed couples, so many Brazilians, Ecuadorians, all types. Puerto Ricans, Chinese, Asians, all, all, everything. 
They did have a bad rap, but it’s just not correct. 
They do still have certain areas. They still have these little gangs. Like, one of my buddies wanted to take me to a club. We get there, and I have to park down the street. They had already gone inside the club, but I had to park. When I got close, walking, two dudes stopped me. There was a black guy and a Puerto Rican guy. They were like, “Yo, you got the wrong color on.” 
So I opened my mouth, and I said, “You’ve got to be kidding me,” and I was laughing. “You don’t know my lifestyle. You’re coming at me like that?” 
As soon as I opened my mouth, though, they were like, “Oh, you’re not from around here. Where are you from?” I said I’m from Philly, so they were like, “You’re cool, man.” I laughed at them, basically. 
There are different levels with me. You get mad, you get angry and you get upset, you know what I’m saying? I try not to get angry, at all. Angry takes me to a totally different place, which is not good, so I try not to do that. I try to stay at one focal point and, even though I’m mad at you right now, I’ll still say something stupid so that you laugh. 
Let’s say you’re just bothering me. I’ll walk outside or something, then come back in, and I’ll start fucking with you back, but in a fun way. Even though you were fucking with me in a bad way, I’ll come back and fuck with you, in a good way. 
positive. 
You’re not going to defeat me by your words or whatever, you know, because I’m very smart. In the 7th grade, I used to smoke weed and stuff like that, came to class all high, and I still got A’s on my tests. 
They kept me after school, you know, because I was cheating, and I still got the same grade, so they were like, “You’re so smart to be so dumb.” 
My sociology teacher said, “You shouldn’t be getting high. You’re too intelligent for that.” It stuck with me all my life. 
Like, me and him are Facebook friends. I texted him, “Hey Mr. Coleman, blah, blah, blah. Yo, thank you for saying that to me when I took your class,” and he was like, “Well, Eddie, I don’t remember what I said.” I told him, “You said that I was so smart to be so dumb,” and I always took that into my brain. 
My kids are mixed. I love white women. Ha, ha, ha! 
We all bleed the same damn color. People don’t realize that racism is taught. If you take an Asian kid, a black kid and a white kid and put them in the sandbox, they’re going to play, until somebody says they can’t play with that child. 
It’s the parents. The parents may come up to that kid, “Get out of there! You can’t play with them!” You know what I mean? The kids will act how kids act. They don’t know no better. They’ll play! 
Me, I have no problems at all. You respect me, I respect you. 
Like I said, I have mixed kids, but growing up, I was shot at because I was black. I walked through the wrong neighborhood. Somebody tried to shoot me with a harpoon! I’ve been through some shit. I can’t help it if I’m black. I can’t help that. 
That’s what he does, you know, scuba diving. He didn’t hit me. I was lucky I got pushed out of the way. This was growing up in the suburbs, Lansdowne, Yeadon, Upper Darby. I got shot at, you know what I mean, because I walked on the sidewalk. 
rby, they beat me up. It was a domestic call. My wife was white, OK? We had kids, mixed kids. The argument was next door, not my house, but they came at my house, threw me down the steps, beat me up, put me in a cop car, then turned around and told me, “If you don’t want to go to the hospital, you better give me your address,” so I gave them my address. 
They were like, “You don’t live there. A white girl lives there.” They were like, “Where you live at?” I gave them the address again. They were like, “You don’t live there! You go to the hospital,” so guess what? I went to the hospital. They beat me the fuck up! 
They took me from my house. She was living there, with me! 
I couldn’t even fight back. My wife said, “That’s my husband,” but they made her go back in the house. This was ‘92. 
I came home the next day. They ripped my shirt. I had a button shirt. They cut it in the back, with a razor, so I’m walking in my shirt with a hole in it. They made me walk home without no shoes. 
So I went to my old neighborhood. I talked to my mom and all that, and we went to the Lansdowne police station, because we knew an officer there. They said there was nothing they could do about it, because there’s a code of silence among the police officers, or so they said, so my sister took it to a different level. 
I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of Mary Mason? WHAT? My sister took it to a radio station. They had a picture of me. They had a picture of my clothes. They had a picture of me all beat up and everything. 
Over nothing! Over nothing! Literally. I was beaten up over nothing! 
I ended up suing them but, again, I was young, so I settled out of court with them. I ended up getting, like, $45,000. If I kept it going, I would have gotten a whole lot more. 
Like I said, again, then I was selling drugs. I had an arsenal. I had guns and stuff like that, you know. I was going to blow the police station the fuck up, you know what I mean, but the police station was right next to a school, so I couldn’t do that. 
No, I didn’t have a record then. I never got caught. 
They were arguing next door. It wasn’t us! They went to the wrong house and fucked me up! 
I’ve got three friends that are police officers. I trust them, but I don’t trust those other ones. As soon as I saw them, it’s, “Yes, sir,” whatever, but they threw me to the ground and worked me over! 
For two years, they harassed me. They banned me from that town. If they saw me driving, they’d pull me over. They were like, “You’ve got two minutes to get out of this town!” 
I had to move back to my mom for a little while. My wife and kids, too. 
I never got bitter over that. I get sick of reading stuff now in the news. I think about my children’s security. It pisses me off, you know. 
Like I said, again, I already lived that life. Innocent people getting beaten up by the cops, getting killed, that could have been me, I could have gotten killed. That night. 
What I was doing was, I was avoiding that act, you know, which was kind of hard to do, because certain roads led that way, so I had to take back streets just to keep away. Again, I was still young, too. 
I was going to blow the hell out of that police station, you know what I mean? I had the artillery to do it, but, again, glory to God and all that. God had my back! Otherwise, that police station and whoever was in it was gone! 
There’s a kid that I went to school with, they killed him in a cell. Now, when they put you in that cell, they take your shoe strings, they take your belt and they take your shirt from you, so how are you going to hang yourself? He’s 6–4. How do you hang yourself when you’re 6–4 and you’re in a 6-foot cell? You can’t! 
He was a good kid, but he was a bad kid, you know what I mean? I forget how he got locked up. He got locked up for something. They killed him the same night. They locked him up, then they killed him. You can look it up. It’s on the Internet still. 
My wife stayed with me. Five years later, we split up, but it wasn’t over that. I had three children with her, my oldest three. 
She got mad because I moved on. I had another woman. I was just having another kid. I had a reason to dump her, you know what I mean? If you’re in a relationship, and you’re not growing. You’re supposed to grow together. She cheated on me. I’m sure she did. She got caught twice, so when she started doing it, I started doing it. 
She did it first, she did it first, she started it. 
All I did was work. I worked, then came home, I swear to God! I was bringing home $1,300 cash a week. I was taking out vent systems, heaters, boilers and all that. I was bringing all this money home. It’s heavy work, back-breaking stuff. All you wanted to do was go home to your shower and that’s it. Eat, then sleep. 
I was mad because she was collecting welfare. It’s like, “Why are you collecting welfare?” We’ve got plenty of money. We had a good life. It’s because of her girlfriends. It was like, “You can get this, you get that.” Now, I had no insurance and stuff. I told her, “You can get the medical, and you can get the food stamps, but don’t get the cash,” but she went out and got it all. She got all the benefits, so I ended up in the system. 
I told the judge, “How are you locking me up, when my kids live with me? Like, what are you talking about? This is my house. My kids live with me and everything.” Well, it was because of her, she was getting welfare, but I didn’t know. 
I was getting locked up for a month here, a month there, you know. When they locked you up in the state of Pennsylvania, they suspended your license, so how could you get to work? If you had a driving job, you couldn’t do it. It’s fucked up! 
I told the judge, again, here you go, “My kids live with me. I don’t owe her nothing. Why am I here? If you look at the record, you’ll understand what I’m talking about here. I’ 
“Oh, I’m trying to get more money, blah, blah, blah blah,” so he looked and found out that she had a warrant out, so he said to me, “Mr. Calvin, you want me to lock her up? What she’ 
I said, “Your honor, no.” I said no. “We’re not together no more. I didn’t suffer from you guys. I was in the system. I was in jail six times, but I’m done now.” I said, “No, that’ 
She was acting real stupid. I looked at her and I said, “I told you you wasn’t going to get no money.” That’s what I said to her. “I told you you weren’t going to get no money. The judge could have locked you up, no matter what I said. You heard what he said. It was welfare fraud. You’ 
I have a kid that’s getting ready to turn four, up in Boston. All of my other kids are here. I’ve got 24, 21, 20, 16, 15 and one that’s getting ready to turn four. I grew up without a father, so I was going to make sure I’ 
My three oldest, I put money into their accounts, in their names. They each have $50,000 in their bank account, right now. They’ve got more money than I do. Now, my younger ones, my 16 and 15-year-old, they’ve got about $10,000. The baby don’t have shit, you know what I mean, but she’ 
I was doing the smart thing with the money. Like I said, I grew up without a father, so I’m going to provide for my kids, no matter what. I’ll suffer later, but as long as my kids are OK, then I’m happy. 
When I did get to know my father, I met him in church. I 
I was 16. Again, I was selling drugs, but I was also working at McDonald’ 
He comes into church, sits behind us and goes like this to my mom. Taps on her shoulder, “Who’s that?” She almost cursed in church. “It’s a shame you don’t know your own son!” I turned around and almost flipped, but then I realized I was in church. I was like, “You made me and you don’ 
When she got pregnant by him, she was with him for, like, five years. She said, “I’ 
My father, I almost killed him, in church. I was so angry. Yeaah. Yeaah. I was like, “How can you not know who I am? Where was you at?” Like, “Why don’t you want me? What did I do to you? I didn’t do anything to you. You made me,” but there was nothing, not a fuckin’ word, not a fuckin’ 
I never called him dad. I never called him pop. There was nothing until I turned 18. When we graduated high school, I paid for his parking to come see me graduate. That’ 
My father came to my graduation because I begged him to come. Face to face, I was like, “I’m your son. Aren’t you proud of me for graduating, at least?” He was like, “Well, she has money.” 
I paid for his parking. I paid for his ticket. We got, like, three graduation tickets, and you had to pay for two more. I paid for it. I paid for him. It was $10 or something. He didn’ 
That’s why I made a promise to myself. I said that when I have kids, no matter what happens between me and the girl, my kids are going to know who I am, and that I was there, so that’ 
Tony gets mad that a lot of his crew don’ 
I know what it’s like to be on a bus with kids, grocery shopping and all that, with the kid wrapped around you, and you carrying bags and getting on a bus. I know what it’ 
I told Tony, “I ain’t got no vehicle, man. I gave it to my son. I ain’ 
When I hear people, because I hear people all the time, like how they hate their mom, how they hate their dad, and I’m like, I can see how you hate your dad, and you must have a reason, but at least you’re living together. I didn’t have that. All I had was my mom. You’ve got a mom and a dad, so you should be happy, you’re lucky, because I didn’ 
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate . He’s tracking our deteriorating socialscape through his frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America . This entry was posted in Features . Bookmark the permalink .",0
5525,Top 6 Foods That Naturally Unclog Arteries,"Your arteries are the system within your body that continually transport the essential nutrients and oxygen that you need to survive, from your heart to the rest of your body. 

A massive part of staying healthy and keeping your arteries clear and clean has to do with your diet. It is very true when you are told “You are what you eat.” It is also true that what you put into your body will determine your overall health including your cardiovascular health. Adjusting your diet to include artery-friendly foods can improve your general health and the condition of your heart. Here are 6 natural foods that will help to cleanse and unclog your arteries which will help prevent a heart attack or stroke: 

Organic Asparagus “Asparagus works within the 100,000 miles of veins and arteries to release pressure, thereby allowing the body to accommodate for inflammation that has accumulated over the years.” says Shane Ellison, an organic chemist and author of Over-The-Counter Natural Cures. It also helps ward off deadly blood clots. 

Organic Pomegranate “Pomegranate contains phytochemicals that act as antioxidants to protect the lining of the arteries from damage”, explains Dr. Gregg Schneider, a nutritionally oriented dentist and expert on alternative medicine. 

Turmeric “The spice turmeric is a powerful anti-inflammatory,” Dr. Schneider says. “It contains curcumin which lowers inflammation—a major cause of arteriosclerosis (hardening of the arteries.)” 

Spirulina A daily 4,500 mg dose of this algae can help relax the artery walls and normalize blood pressure. It could also help your liver balance your blood fat levels. 

Organic Cranberries Research shows that potassium-rich cranberries can help reduce cholesterol levels and regular consumption may also help reduce your overall risk of heart disease by up to 40 percent. 

Organic Watermelon A Florida State University study found that people given a 4,000 mg supplement of L-citrulline (an amino acid found in watermelon) lowered their blood pressure in just six weeks. Researchers also say the amino acid helps your body produce nitric oxide, which helps widen blood vessels. 

If you have an artery that supplies blood to the heart become blocked, then you could suffer a heart attack. Not all heart attacks are fatal, but all heart attacks will leave behind some damage to the heart. However, if the left coronary artery of the heart becomes totally blocked, the heart attack will be fatal. Eat foods that cleanse your arteries. 

Thanks to Dr. Gregg Schneider and Shane Ellison for the quotes used in this article.",0
5526,"Here’s Why Everyone On Facebook Is Checking Into Standing Rock, North Dakota","By Carey Wedler When it comes to brute force, law enforcement and private security currently have the upper hand on the ground in Standing Rock,... ",0
5527,Networks Continue to Ignore Obamacare Collapse,"November 2, 2016 Networks Continue to Ignore Obamacare Collapse 
Bill Clinton’s startling description of Obamacare earlier this month as a “crazy system” yanked the Big Three broadcast networks out of the blackout of bad news about the health care reform law — but only a little. 
According to a new study by the Media Research Center, which tracks left-wing bias in the news, the nightly news broadcasts and ABC, NBC, and CBS combined have devoted just 10 minutes and 21 seconds on the Affordable Care Act since the beginning of the year. Most of it has come since the former president made his controversial comments on Oct. 3. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
5528,Premier League Stars Score the Goals. He Scores Everything Else. - The New York Times,"RICHMOND, England  —   Charles Porter and his staff of eight work from his office in a converted riding school on the grounds of Aske Hall, an old manor house set in the gentle, rolling hills of North Yorkshire. His Australian Labradoodles, Bertie and Cybil, spend their days lounging on a leather sofa by a roaring fire. It is an unassuming setting for an unassuming company. Porter does not advertise or seek to publicize his work he had never previously granted an interview. His website is modern and sleek but studiously enigmatic. “There are no pictures of people we work with,” he said. “We live and die by our discretion. ” To hundreds of players in English soccer over the last 20 years, though, Porter is an integral part of life. “He has helped me out with all sorts of things,” said Kevin Kilbane, formerly of Everton and Ireland’s national team. Danny Mills, a longtime client and former England international, described Porter as a “consummate networker, a great person to have around to take the stress away. ” To Porter’s clients  —   actors and musicians as well as athletes  —   he is almost indispensable. He will not say it, but he is the ultimate purveyor of the Premier League lifestyle. It is Porter whom you call to get your hands on the latest cellphone, or when the time comes to upgrade your car. It is Porter who can make sure your Christmas shopping is completed, or your vacation is booked. It is Porter who knows the people to hire if you want Santa to visit your children, and it is Porter, to at least one player, whose help you seek when you want to propose. “One client rang me and said: ‘Charles, I want to get engaged, and I want you to sort everything out,’” he said. “I said, ‘Have you at least found a partner?’ He said he had someone in mind, but that he needed everything else arranged: a ring, a venue, to fly in by helicopter. “We’d never done anything like that before, but we pulled it off. We sent them to a Scottish castle. She said yes, and they’re still married. There was only one thing we couldn’t quite do: He said he wanted snow. I had to tell him that there are some people I can’t have conversations with. ” It takes Porter a little time to come up with a satisfactory, concise definition of what it is, exactly, that he does. “It is,” he said, mulling it over, “quite difficult to pin down. It can be a bit of a challenge when people ask. ” He can say easily enough what he is not. “We are not a concierge service,” he said. “We are not the people you call to get a table at the Ivy, or at the Chiltern Firehouse. ” He is not, as one of his clients found out, the man to call when you want a pack of cigarettes delivered to a bar by taxi at 3:30 in the morning. Porter initially settled on calling himself a “  ” but a little later, a more poetic turn of phrase occurred to him. “We are the people who fill the holes,” he said. “We are the people who make life a little smoother. ” That his name is still so little known outside the rarefied circles in which he works goes some way to explaining his success in doing that. He would doubtless be able to write a compelling, salacious memoir, but breaking the omertà of his trade would be anathema to him. He religiously eschews  . That sort of tact, to the rich and famous, holds tremendous appeal. Porter started out some 20 years ago, after his work with the phone network Cellnet brought him into contact with Middlesbrough, the Premier League club the company sponsored. “I remember going to the training ground,” he said. “There were two guys hanging around in the car park. ” They were known, to the players, as something not far off from Baloney Bob and Fairground Frank. “One did cars, the other watches and jewelry,” Porter said. “I thought I could do it better than that. ” His initial sphere of expertise was, thanks to his background, cellphones. “It was one of the first things the players wanted,” he said. “But the clubs did not have people helping them set those things up. In the early days, there was one Senegalese player who had a    SIM card. He was spending about £7, 000 a week phoning home. ” Porter used his contacts not just to give players access to    contract phones but to help them with the paperwork, customer care, technical support and security. There was, for a while, a fad for personalized phone numbers, incorporating birthdays or jersey numbers. “Then they started asking for other things,” he said. He sourced cars, worked with private banks to set up accounts, and, later, added insurance, holidays and luxury shopping to his repertoire. As his portfolio expanded, so did his client base. “I started out with 12 Premier League players,” Porter said. “Now we have about 3, 500 people from sport, entertainment, everything. Most of them work in teams or casts, and they talk to each other. It is all word of mouth. ” Porter looks after the families of many of them, too. “One of the things I learned working inside a club was that you have to take care of the unit,” he said. “If a player is happy but his wife does not have a car or a phone, then that does not help. ” As the Premier League has become more international, of course, the clubs have picked up much of that burden. One of Porter’s first clients was Juninho, the Brazilian playmaker who signed with Middlesbrough in 1995. He was installed in two cramped rooms at the    Stockton Hotel, along with his entire family. Now, most teams have dedicated player care departments, employing as many as a dozen people to ensure their charges’ lives run as easily as possible. They help them find properties to buy or, increasingly, rent enroll their children in schools make sure their bills are paid and, in some cases, find churches or mosques where they can worship. “The clubs have done all they can to take Bob and Frank out of the equation,” Porter said. They maintain lists of trusted suppliers, from luxury brands to financial advisers the department store Harvey Nichols is among the retailers that install   shops at training grounds so players do not have to browse with the masses. Porter, though, has not seen his work dry up. If anything, the opposite is true. He is now invited by clubs to educate young players about phone security his clients are, increasingly, the teams themselves, rather than individuals. “I will quite often get calls at night explaining that they are with    a player in a restaurant,” he said. “They will say they are signing tomorrow and they need a phone for them as soon as the deal is done. ” The phone invariably comes first Porter and his team remain available for everything else, should they be required. They arrange about 20 cars a month, ordinarily upgrades. A small clutch of clients demands the latest phone on the day of release, regardless of how many they already have. At least one player, a peer said, had as many as seven at one point. They are sent out wrapped in scented tissue paper. “That is what we do: that   personal service,” Porter said. Much of the    work, though, is sorting out bank accounts, credit ratings, car insurance, technical problems. “I realized a long time ago that these people are not going to ring a call center, give their names and spend 40 minutes on hold to sort out their data allowance,” Porter said. That is where he and his team come in: to take care of life’s little annoyances, to fill the holes, to make the journey as smooth as possible.",0
5529,Wikileaks Email: Clinton Operative Thinks “Black Voters Are Stupid”,"Wikileaks Email: Clinton Operative Thinks “Black Voters Are Stupid” David Brock accused of ""elitist racism"" Paul Joseph Watson - October 27, 2016 Comments A new email released as part of the Wikileaks Podesta dump features Clinton ally Brent Budowsky accusing Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being “stupid”. The email , sent to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and another Clinton ally CEO Roy Spence, centers around a discussion of a Bernie Sanders campaign ad which featured “many black faces”. Back in January, Clinton operative David Brock caused consternation within the campaign when he publicly claimed that Bernie Sanders didn’t care about black people. Budowsky is not impressed with Brock’s outburst, writing in the email, “Brock makes the cardinal mistake of those who bring politics into disrepute with voters. He tells a lie that people will know is a lie, and insults the intelligence of black voters with a kind of elitist racism that Bill and Hillary Clinton should not be seen with.” “I guess Brock’s plan is that black voters are stupid and will not watch the ad and believe his lie,” writes Budowsky. “I cannot think of anything more desperate, more stupid and more self-destructive than David Brock lying about the Bernie ad and playing a seamy brand of the politics of race using the tactic of deceit on her behalf,” adds the The Hill and Huffington Post columnist, before offering to write a campaign ad for HIllary to counter the Bernie Sanders ad. The email once again underscores the Clinton camp’s paranoia about not being able to authentically connect with African-American voters in a way that Bernie Sanders could. Some black voters have been reluctant to support Clinton as a result of her support for a 1994 crime bill that resulted in the mass incarceration of young black Americans, whom Hilary referred to at the time as “super predators”. 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
5530,Did the Farm Credit System Change Americans’ Thinking About Credit?,"by Yves Smith 
Yves here. What the informative post below fails to mention is that farm credit had become a hot political issue by the time the Farm Credit system was created. For more details on the struggle of indebted farmers to obtain political power, see The Populist Moment: A Short History of the Agrarian Revolt in America by Lawrence Goodwyn. As Matt Stoller wrote in 2010 : 
A lot of people forget that having debt you can’t pay back really sucks. Debt is not just a credit instrument, it is an instrument of political and economic control. 
It’s actually baked into our culture. The phrase ‘the man’, as in ‘fight the man’, referred originally to creditors. ‘The man’ in the 19th century stood for ‘furnishing man’, the merchant that sold 19th century sharecroppers and Southern farmers their supplies for the year, usually on credit. Farmers, often illiterate and certainly unable to understand the arrangements into which they were entering, were charged interest rates of 80-100 percent a year, with a lien places on their crops. When approaching a furnishing agent, who could grant them credit for seeds, equipment, even food itself, a farmer would meekly look down nervously as his debts were marked down in a notebook. At the end of a year, due to deflation and usury, farmers usually owed more than they started the year owing. Their land was often forfeit, and eventually most of them became tenant farmers. 
They were in hock to the man, and eventually became slaves to him. This structure, of sharecropping and usury, held together by political violence, continued into the 1960s in some areas of the South. As late as the 1960s, Kennedy would see rural poverty in Arkansas and pronounce it ’shocking’. These were the fruits of usury, a society built on unsustainable debt peonage. 
Today, we are in the midst of creating a second sharecropper society. I first heard the term “slaves to the bank” from a constituent fighting a fraudulent foreclosure. The details aren’t so important — this couple had been illegally placed in a predatory loan — but at one point, the wife explained that she and her husband were so scared they would have “given their first born to the bank to keep their home”. That was fear speaking, total unadulterated panic. And as we watch debt-holders use the ornaments of fear, such a loan sharking company that set up fake courts to convince debtors they were losing cases, we should recognize that what the creditor class wants is what they’ve always wanted: total dominance of our culture. 
By Sarah Quin Assistant Professor, Sociology, University of Washington. Originally published at the Institute for New Economic Thinking website Hoping to learn from other countries’ experiences in organizing finance for agriculture, more than 150 Americans were sent abroad in the summer of 1913 to investigate the minutiae of farm-credit systems in and around Europe. 
They were sent as far north as Norway and as far south as Egypt, with Ireland and Russia marking the western and eastern boundaries of the study. They learned of microcredit-like experiments to support small-plot tenant farming in Italy. In France they were told how farm credit embodied democratic ideals. In the Netherlands and Spain, commission members found counterparts who, like the Americans were doing, had looked to other European nations for ways to improve the management of farm credit. Perhaps the most anticipated stop of this trip would be in Germany, whose system of long-term farm credit distribution had achieved world renown. 
The key ideas brought home from Europe by commission members more than a century ago still shape today’s U.S. credit policy. The organizing principle of these ideas was the proposition that providing farm credit could be a low-cost and politically palatable form of economic policy through which government could help people help themselves. This paved the way for the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916, which redesigned the U.S. system from the ground up by creating a new network of government-supported farm credit cooperatives. 
The Act was arguably a watershed in the use of credit as a federal policy tool whose impact was felt far beyond the agricultural sector. Before 1916, the national government used credit allocation more sparingly, as a temporary means to support expensive internal developments such as railways. After the Act, there was a continual expansion of programs that bought, sold, issued, guaranteed, or otherwise promoted the flow of credit to specific sectors or groups. In the United States today, one third of privately issued debt is backed by the government, not only through the Fed but also through the $3.4 trillion in loans guaranteed or held through a vast network of federal credit programs (if you include implicit guarantees of financial debt, the amounts are much, much higher ). As Marianna Mazzucato and L. Randall Wray have noted , these forms of credit support are a central part of how the federal government participates in the U.S. economy. This proliferation of government credit allocation seems remarkable in light of longstanding political attitudes on government involvement in the economy. 
Farmers depend on credit for their livelihoods, using it not only to buy equipment and prepare land but also to feed their families in the lean months before the harvest. As the United States developed into an agricultural powerhouse , it faced a significant problem in moving capital reserves concentrated in eastern cities into the hands of small borrowers spread out across a vast and sparsely populated frontier. In the absence of modern day credit institutions, the West and South suffered destabilizing credit cycles of boom and bust, with mortgage rates sometimes twice as high as those in the Northeast. Many farmers believed that these higher rates were the unfair doings of parasitic financiers and middlemen. In the Jacksonian era, many farmers worried that government involvement in banks and credit would make the situation worse by adding corrupt politicians into the mix. Over time, however, Populist farmers came to believe that a stronger national government was needed to break bankers’ stranglehold over the supply of credit. 
By the 1890s, the question of farm credit was a polarizing national issue: a proposal to offer credit and currency backed by local storage units (called the Subtreasury Plan) became a wedge issue that threatened to undermine the coalition that made up the Southern Democratic Party. Credit distribution was one of the most acrimonious and destabilizing class divides of the era, but by the middle of the decade these credit debates had been eclipsed by the politics of free silver. Left unresolved, the credit problem lingered. 
In the first decade of the 20th century, a group of progressive reformers rediscovered the issue of “farm credits.” Worried about social disintegration in America’s heartland in the wake of massive urbanization, these reformers came to view the stable and affordable supply of credit as essential to farmers’ well-being, and through that, the well-being of the entire nation. But, being elites, they approached credit not as inherently exploitative so much as a technical problem to be solved. They looked to Europe for guidance and inspiration. Hence the tour. 
By the time committee members arrived in Germany, news of that country’s farm-credit success had traveled around the world, and some of its techniques were already adopted by other nations such as France. German lecturers told the group that German agriculture thrived not because of the quality of German soil, but because of the quality of German credit. The Americans were especially interested in one type of credit institution — the Landschaften , a network of local cooperative banks that issued covered mortgage bonds called Pfandbriefe . These Pfandbriefe bore a decidedly modest 3%-4% return. “The Germans prefer to sleep well rather than eat well,” one lecturer explained. 
The entire German credit system was built for stability rather than profit: it used conservative land valuations, careful regulatory standards, and local risk-sharing to assure its reliability. Whether this could be adapted to the American context was a serious question. A political economy professor lecturing in Halle warned the delegation that, while the Landschaften were the “perfect” means of mortgage credit, differences in political systems could make the system untenable in the U.S. When a delegate asked how the Prussians dealt with defective land titles, the speaker simply dismissed the question: “Well, that is an impossible thing in Prussia. We have no defective titles.” German farm credit distribution rested on a solid foundation of independent oversight and bureaucratic reliability. It was a far cry from the underdeveloped and scandal-ridden United States national government. 
The committee members returned home recognizing the technical superiority of the German system but debating its cultural and political adaptability to the United States. Would a conservative system of risk-sharing and oversight be embraced by Americans, who they deemed “ambitious, individualistic, desirous of acquiring means and property”? Would government “paternalism” kill Americans’ entrepreneurial spirit? Would American society accept the principle that farmers deserved special treatment when it came to accessing credit? 
To overcome these objections, proponents of a European-inspired farm credit policy spun it as government helping people help themselves , providing credit support could through farmers’ cooperatives. 
The divisive nineteenth century credit politics gave way to a vision of credit as an inoffensive means of economic development, of low cost to the state. Proponents argued that “wise legislation” to lower credit risk could unlock the value of the nation’s land, then estimated by one commentator at $40 billion. It was a huge potential payoff. Later scholars of credit programs would frequently note the same thing about the federal credit programs: compared to direct forms of welfare or other expenditures, credit support is cheap, since it can be implemented by government guarantees, tax expenditures, risk management techniques, and disbursements paid back over time, sometimes with interest. 
This logic was built into the structure of the Federal Farm Loan Act of 1916. The centerpiece of the Act was a proposed local version of the German system. The Treasury was authorized to fund 12 reserve banks in order to funnel credit to a network of new farmers’ lending cooperatives. The Department of Agriculture encouraged the formation of these lending cooperatives through a massive education effort. In a nod to American independence, the German system of risk sharing — in which members of the Landschaften were liable up to the full value of their property — was watered down. If the bank itself ran into trouble, American farmers would be liable for only 10% of their loan amount, rather than for the full value of their property. Since, over time, farmers could pay into the system and repay the state, the long-term costs of the program were expected to be low. Tax-exempt bonds would encourage a flow of funds into the reserve banks at the cost of some state revenue, but this was far less expensive than, say, directly subsidizing farmers. 
For all that the 12-bank structure mimicked the Federal Reserve Act, the creation of lending cooperatives meant that the FFLA was a far more complicated, experimental, and entrepreneurial design. A new system of farm credit was built from scratch. One observer at the time noted that 
[i]n spirit the Act was revolutionary — its authors were convinced that American methods were not worth saving. 
Not long after the passage of the Act, government officials recognized that the low cost and ideological palatability of the farm loan system could apply in other sectors. Credit support in the housing market ballooned during the Great Depression, and the postwar proliferation of credit as a tool of governance continues today. 
In the “Analytical Perspectives” section of the President’s budget, the chapter detailing the $3.4 trillion in loans held or guaranteed by the federal government reveals the diverse political uses of credit. Federal credit has military functions, including Defense Department loans for the purchase, stockpiling, and manufacturing of military materiel, and the Atomic Energy Commission’s use of guarantees to encourage nuclear science. Credit is also a tool of foreign policy: the United States exports food to other nations through USAID. Loans can serve as disaster relief, as both FEMA and the SBA include credit support to assist with natural disasters, and the federal government also provides loans directly to states for this purpose. Credit is also extensively used as part of energy and environmental policy, with geothermal and renewable energy, biorefineries, and synthetic fuels having all benefited from credit support. Tracing its use in housing, David Freund notes that the appeal of credit programs is that they seem like small market corrections rather than consequential state policies. And they have been used to support every major sector of the American economy. 
The Analytical Perspectives of the budget wraps the complexities of these programs in the dry academic language of market corrections. “Credit and insurance markets sometimes fail to function smoothly due to market imperfections … ” The implication is that this massive mobilization of debt and risk absorption by the federal government is best thought of as a technical adjustment to market imperfections, rather than, say, the American version of a developmental state. 
That language, I believe, is the moderate way of thinking about credit articulated during the progressive era, and now tailored for the neoliberal age. Like a nervous wizard, it asks us not to pay attention to the man behind the curtain, and for the most part, Americans comply. And why wouldn’t they? After all, the idea that credit support does not ask us to think hard about the social and political conditions of possibility for market success has been part of the appeal of credit support all along. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
5531,Trump: ‘Ask Me in a Month’ About Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem,"The Times of Israel reports: US President Donald Trump refused to confirm reports that he would announce the transfer of the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem during a visit to Israel next month, but hinted Thursday that he may clarify the issue at that time. [On Thursday, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R) who earlier this year led a     trip to scout locations for the embassy, said Trump would announce the relocation when he visits Israel at the end of May, fulfilling a campaign promise he appeared to walk back after assuming office. Asked about the relocation by Reuters, Trump demurred.  “Ask me in a month on that,” he told the news agency. Trump also appeared to express frustration that Israelis and Palestinians continued to not have a peace deal, saying there was no reason for the conflict to persist. Read more here.",0
5532,"Italy’s earthquakes leave 15,000 homeless, ‘soul of the country’ damaged","VIDEOS Italy’s earthquakes leave 15,000 homeless, ‘soul of the country’ damaged Given the strength of Sunday’s new quake, experts said it was remarkable that it had not resulted in any more fatalities By Extinction Protocol - November 2, 2016 
Italian authorities said on Monday they were taking care of more than 15,000 people left homeless by the country’s most powerful earthquake in nearly 40 years. Although Sunday’s 6.6 -magnitude tremor did not result in any deaths, the third powerful quake in just over two months has left thousands of homes in ruins or structurally unsafe and emptied a string of villages and small towns across the country’s mountainous central regions. The majority of residents of the devastated villages and towns have taken refuge with friends and family as they anxiously await a green light to return to their homes. 
But the national civil protection agency said on Monday it was providing assistance to 15,000 people affected by Sunday’s quake, which was so powerful it caused cracks in buildings in Rome, some 120 kilometers (75 miles) away from the epicenter near the Umbrian town of Norcia. Some 4,000 people from the worst-hit area around Norcia have been sent to hotels on the Adriatic coast with another 500 taken by bus to the inland Lake Trasimeno. More than 10,000 are being put up in converted sports halls and other temporary facilities, including tents, across Umbria and the neighboring Marche region, the protection agency said. 
A further 1,100 people are still in Adriatic coast hotels as a result of the August 24th Amatrice earthquake, which left nearly 300 dead. Given the strength of Sunday’s new quake, experts said it was remarkable that it had not resulted in any more fatalities. With many roads blocked by landslips or huge boulders dislodged by the quake, civil protection chief Fabrizio Curcio and reconstruction supremo Vasco Errani were surveying the damage by helicopter. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has vowed that every damaged house will be rebuilt and that communities he described as part of “the soul of the country” would not be abandoned. But after the trauma of three major quakes in such quick succession, the future of the already sparsely populated affected areas looks bleak. “At the moment I don’t see any possible future,’ evacuated Norcia resident Antonella Ridolfi told AFP. “Everything here will have to be rebuilt. There is nothing really solid left in the center. We have always bounced back after other earthquakes but we’ve never had to deal with one as strong as this.” – The Local",0
5533,"College Football’s Chosen 4: Alabama, Clemson, Ohio State and Washington - The New York Times","The College Football Playoff’s selection committee on Sunday announced the four teams that will contend for this season’s national championship: Alabama ( ) followed by Clemson ( ) Ohio State ( ) and Washington ( ). The Crimson Tide  —   who earned a sort of   advantage as the playoff’s top seed, drawing a berth in the semifinal game closer to their campus  —   will meet the   Huskies in the Peach Bowl in Atlanta the afternoon of Dec. 31. Clemson, the second seed, will face Ohio State, the third, in the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Ariz. that evening. The semifinal winners will meet Jan. 9 in Tampa, Fla. to decide the national title. The first team outside the top four was Penn State ( ) which defeated Wisconsin,   on Saturday night for the Big Ten championship. Another Big Ten team, Michigan ( ) came next in the rankings. On ESPN, Kirby Hocutt, the committee’s chairman, explained the selection of Washington over Penn State by citing the Nittany Lions’ two losses although they were early in the season, one defeat came against a team that finished the regular season with four losses (Pittsburgh) and one came in a   blowout against Michigan. Hocutt also pointed out that Washington’s sole loss came against highly regarded Southern California (No. 9 in Sunday’s rankings) and that it beat ranked teams in Stanford, Utah and Colorado (No. 10). Still, while Washington proved Penn State’s most immediate competitor for the final playoff spot, the Nittany Lions’ most resonant comparison is with their conference mate Ohio State. Because of a   loss at Penn State in October, the Buckeyes did not even reach the Big Ten championship game. A conference championship is listed as a factor in the committee’s deliberations, and across the playoff format’s three seasons, this year’s Buckeyes are the only one of the 12 selected squads without a conference title. A similar situation happened only a couple of times in the 16 years of the old Bowl Championship Series system, most recently when Louisiana State and Alabama, both of the Southeastern Conference, played in the national title game in January 2012. Tom Osborne, the former Nebraska coach who sat on the selection committee in its first two years, explained in an interview last week that the listed factors  —   which also include strength of schedule and    matchups  —   are not boxes that must be checked but rather tools used for the larger goal of determining the strongest teams. “The first thing you’re looking for is the four best teams,” Osborne said, adding, “Once you get down to teams that are very close and you’re looking for some determining, discriminating factor, certainly conference championship can be used to pick one team over another. ” Washington played much weaker nonconference teams than the excluded Penn State, but Hocutt, who is also Texas Tech’s athletic director, emphasized that Ohio State’s road victory in September against Oklahoma  —   No. 7 in Sunday’s playoff rankings  —   showed that the committee did care about teams’ schedules. Alabama is the only team that has reached the playoff in all three years of the   format. The Crimson Tide also played in three of the last five title games under the B. C. S. system, meaning that, under Coach Nick Saban, the team has been in contention for the national championship after the regular season in six of the last eight years. A title in January would be Alabama’s fifth in eight years  —   an unprecedented dynasty in   college football. Washington is a much less likely contender. The program’s last claimed national title came in the 1991 season, and it finished the 2008 season  . But under Coach Chris Petersen, in his third season after a fruitful tenure with Boise State, the Huskies went   in the deep   Conference before routing Colorado,   on Friday night in the league’s championship game. The two other semifinalists have experience in the young playoff system. In the 2014 season, which introduced the playoff, Ohio State made the field as the fourth seed, upset Alabama in a semifinal and then defeated Oregon for the championship. Last season, Clemson, as the top seed, beat Oklahoma in a semifinal before falling,   to Alabama. For the second time in three seasons, the only   Power 5 conference without a playoff representative is the Big 12, whose champion this season was Oklahoma ( ). Next season, the Big 12 will join the other major conferences in holding a championship game. Still, having decided this year not to expand, it will stay the smallest major conference, with 10 teams. That could keep it, as the University of Oklahoma’s president, David L. Boren,  put it last year, “psychologically disadvantaged. ” Western Michigan ( ) of the   Conference, was the committee’s   team from outside the Power 5, at No. 15. The only undefeated Football Bowl Subdivision team beyond Alabama, the Broncos earned a spot in the Cotton Bowl, set for Jan. 2, against Wisconsin ( ) which was ranked eighth by the committee.",0
5534,A College Application Guide for Gap Year Students - The New York Times,"Applying to college is onerous enough. Asking to defer enrollment for a year can be even more intimidating. Here’s how to navigate the   process. Delay freshman year, not your application. Students interested in a year off should still apply to college their senior year of high school, advises Michele Hernández,   of Top Tier Admissions and a former admissions officer at Dartmouth. It ensures that you’ll have access to your school’s resources and won’t be bogged down with applications and standardized testing during a year that may include travel abroad. “You’d be surprised how quickly your high school forgets you,” Dr. Hernández said. “It’s really hard to go back and ask for teacher recommendations and the other materials you might need after a year has passed. ” It’s also a good idea to keep options open should plans suddenly change. You might not get that internship or job you were counting on, or you might get into a college with even better options for a bridge year, like the   international program at Princeton or Tufts’ “1+4” program, offering both national and international service opportunities. Harvard has long encouraged applicants to consider a year off, but that won’t increase your chances of getting in. While more and more institutions are seeing value in a gap year, it’s better to inform them of your intentions after you’ve been accepted. “It might work against you because admissions’ priority is filling that year,” Dr. Hernández said. “They don’t know what the next year is going to look like. ” If your plans have merit  —   education, work or service components  —   they are likely to agree. But, she said, “depending on what you’re going to do, a gap year can be viewed as slightly frivolous. So that’s why I say, get in first and then propose an idea. ” If a college has no gap year program, write to the admissions director before deposits are due. Describe plans for the year ahead, and ask whether time off will affect any scholarships the school has offered for freshman year. USA Gap Year Fairs organizes events where students can hear about an array of programs and speak with professionals in the field: 39 were held this winter a list of locations for 2018 will be published in the fall (usagapyearfairs. org). The American Gap Association accredits independent programs that offer   or   learning experiences. It maintains lists of the programs, which run a few weeks to a year, and their scholarships, as well as university policies on deferring enrollment (www. americangap. org). The association tracked $2. 8 million in   support for gap year programs in 2015. Some universities even provide funding for   experiences. Florida State University offers $5, 000 gap year fellowships, and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill offers fellowships of $7, 500, with a focus on students from rural school districts in the state. Chapel Hill is impressed with the results. “Students in the gap year fellowship don’t struggle like other freshmen do with the transition into college,” said Richard Harrill, who helped design the program. Instead, he said, participants “become even more intellectually hungry. ”",0
5535,Dutch Men Hold Hands in Solidarity With Attacked Gay Couple - The New York Times,"From Amsterdam to New York, London to Havana, Dutch men across the world held hands this week to show solidarity with a gay couple who say they were brutally beaten in Arnhem, the Netherlands. The outpouring of support came after the married couple, Jasper   and Ronnie   said they were attacked by a gang of youths while holding hands on their way home from a party early Sunday. According to a statement the Arnhem police posted on Facebook, the two said they had been attacked by men wielding bolt cutters one had some of his teeth smashed out. Prosecutors said five teenage suspects would be charged on Thursday with serious bodily harm. The authorities are still investigating the motivation for the attack, which the victims have characterized as a hate crime. The beating caused particular outrage in the Netherlands, which has long prided itself on its tolerance. Amsterdam, the capital, has been a haven for sexual minorities for centuries, and it has marketed itself as the “gay capital of Europe. ” Homosexuality was removed from the Dutch criminal code in 1811, and the Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalize gay marriage, with the first ceremonies in 2001. Gay rights are supported across the political spectrum in the Netherlands. The attack comes as the country has been grappling with growing   sentiment, fueled in part by the   leader Geert Wilders, who has railed against immigrants and Muslims in particular, saying that “Islamization” is a threat to European liberal values, including gay rights and women’s rights. The populist party of Mr. Wilders, who likens himself to Donald J. Trump, came second in recent Dutch elections. He is an ideological heir of Pim Fortuyn, a   politician who derided Islam, immigration and multiculturalism, and who was openly gay. Mr. Fortuyn was killed in 2002, days before his party placed second in national elections. The Dutch news media quoted Gerald Roethof, a lawyer for one of the suspects, as saying that the couple had instigated the fight by acting aggressively toward the teenagers, an accusation the two vehemently denied. Mr. Roethof also denied that bolt cutters had been used, or that the men were targeted because they were gay. But he said his client had acknowledged punching one of the men in the mouth. Mr.   31, told  the Dutch public broadcaster NOS that he and his husband seldom held hands in public for fear of provoking an attack. “But we’d had a nice evening, it was late, and we thought we were alone,” he said. Then suddenly six to eight youths set upon them, he said, and “before I knew it, I was on the ground fighting with three men on top of me. ” After the attack, which Mr.   35, recounted on his Facebook page, Dutch politicians, actors, police officers, soldiers and athletes took to the streets, holding hands. Hundreds of people marched through the streets of Amsterdam to show their support for gay rights. The expressions of support grew after the journalist Barbara Berend appealed on Twitter for men, whether straight or gay, to walk hand in hand. Dozens heeded her call and posted photographs of themselves doing just that, often with the hashtag #allemannenhandinhand (all men holding hands). Two   politicians  —   Alexander Pechtold, leader of the   party D66, and Wouter Koolmees, a lawmaker in the party  —   showed up for coalition talks on Monday holding hands. COC Netherlands, an advocacy group for gay rights based in Amsterdam, said the number of reported cases of violence against gay men, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people had increased to 1, 600 in 2015 from about 400 in 2009. Of the 1, 600, nine resulted in convictions for   offenses, including hate crimes. It cautioned, however, that the increase in reporting could also be a result of greater awareness of the issue.",0
5537,4 Ways to Cut the Duration of Your Cold,"By Pamela Bofferding At our house, back to school means back to kids bringing home germs. When the leaves start turning, I start reaching for my cough drops, feeling that all too familiar tickle in... ",0
5538,"Trump Spokesperson Katrina Pierson Caught In Blatant Lie, Threatened With Lawsuit (VIDEO)","Trump Spokesperson Katrina Pierson Caught In Blatant Lie, Threatened With Lawsuit (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford   
The Donald Trump for President campaign is filled with liars. From the candidate himself to the people who attempt to defend him on television, the default position for anyone who gets a paycheck from Trump is dishonesty. And perhaps no one better personifies this than spokesperson Katrina Pierson, who went so far on CNN this morning that she was threatened with a lawsuit. 
Pierson appeared, along with Democratic strategist Angela Rye, and Pierson began her lies by saying the American middle class is in trouble due to the economic policies of the Obama administration. Rye countered with facts : “I would like to go back to something Katrina mentioned, which was the middle class is hurting. Well I would go to what we’ve learned from the census bureau last year which is the middle class, and poor people, had the best year they’ve had ever since — in 2015. In quite some time rather. I won’t say ever. It says that real median household income was $56,500 in 2015. That is an increase from $53,700 the year prior. I would also point to you the fact that the unemployment rate is much lower than when President Obama started.” 
Then host Carol Costello played a video clip of Trump referring to “ghettos,” and that led Rye to comment: “People like Donald Trump actually take for granted the fact that they have readily available access to capital.” 
Pierson began spitting and sputtering, so Rye told her: “I know you don’t want to hear this because the truth burns.” 
Unable to come up with a reasoned defense, Pierson went personal, alleging that when Rye worked for the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), she “ran (it) into the ground.” 
Rye replied: “I ran the CBC into the ground? That’s laughable.” 
When Carol Costello asked Pierson exactly what she was referring to, Pierson told her : “The record is out there. Look at where the finances were.” 
Rye: “Let me just help you. Good luck with that lie. That’s crazy, what you’re talking about. That’s slander. I could sue you, Katrina.” 
Only problem is, if she did sue Pierson, she might not get much money. Pierson, you may recall, was arrested in 1997 for shoplifting and was also accused of illegally collecting unemployment benefits. Those who live in glass houses should never ever throw rocks at others, Katrina. 
Featured Image Via CNN Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect",0
5539,Anonymous World War 3 Has Begun!,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
5540,CNN Fact Checks Sean Spicer Joke About Salad Dressing - Breitbart,"CNN has published a stinging fact check of the Trump Administration, exposing several falsehoods in a joke that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made Tuesday about salad dressing. [During the afternoon’s White House press briefing, Spicer made a quip about conspiracy theories that U. S. President Donald Trump is an agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin  —   recruited via blackmail in 2013  —   and how the professional journalists who believe this conspiracy might add consumption of “Russian dressing” to their pile of circumstantial evidence.  Case closed? Hardly. CNN’s Michelle Krupa dug deep and found that ACKSHUALLY, Russian dressing has no direct connection to the country that hacked our election. Krupa penned a fact check headlined “Russian dressing is actually from Nashua, New Hampshire”: “If the President puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that’s a Russia connection,” Sean Spicer said. Thing is, Russian dressing isn’t Russian. (Also, it’s really not for salads, but more of a sandwich spread  —   usually a Reuben.) The mayo and ketchup concoction  —   often dressed up with horseradish and spices  —   was created in Nashua, New Hampshire. This is not the first   fact check of Trump or his administration, but it could end up in the hall of fame  —   along with these winners from Krupa’s peers: • Both CNN and NBC News called BS in the second presidential debate of 2016 after Trump said that Hillary Clinton “acid washed” her email server  —   for, instead of literally washing the device with acid, her tech team merely used a program called “BleachBit” to delete the server’s data. • The Associated Press “fact checked” Trump’s opinion that actress Meryl Streep is overrated. • In the inverse of this phenomenon, PolitiFact has called two statements from Trump “half true” and “mostly false,” even though the articles concede that the claims and numbers he put forward are accurate.",0
5541,"""Donald, willst du mich heiraten?"": Clinton hat Kampf ums Weiße Haus noch nicht aufgegeben","Mittwoch, 9. November 2016 ""Donald, willst du mich heiraten?"": Clinton hat Kampf ums Weiße Haus noch nicht aufgegeben New York (dpo) - Schafft sie es doch noch ins Weiße Haus? Nachdem Donald Trump zum nächsten Präsidenten der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika gewählt wurde, hat ihm seine unterlegene Kontrahentin Hillary Clinton nicht nur gratuliert, sondern ihm auch völlig überraschend einen Heiratsantrag gemacht. ""Donald, wir hatten in den letzten Monaten viele Meinungsverschiedenheiten, aber du hast sicher auch gemerkt, dass da immer diese besondere Spannung zwischen uns beiden in der Luft lag"", so Clinton in einer öffentlichen Videobotschaft an Trump. ""Nach reiflicher Überlegung habe ich mich dazu entschlossen, auf mein Herz zu hören und heute um deine Hand anzuhalten. Wo du hingehst, will ich auch sein. Nichts ist mir wichtiger als eine Zukunft im Weißen Haus. Mit dir. Im Weißen Haus."" Anschließend lobte sie den designierten Präsidenten als brillanten Mann mit wundervollem Haar und großen, starken Händen und forderte ihn auf, sich von seiner Ehefrau Melania zu trennen: ""Donald, ich habe acht Jahre als First Lady mit einem Mann verbracht, der seine Finger nicht von Frauen lassen kann und dabei exzellente PR-Arbeit geleistet. Ich glaube es ist keine Frage, mit wem von uns beiden ein so… äh... freiheitsliebender Mann wie du eine glücklichere Zukunft hätte."" Sie selbst habe bereits in den frühen Morgenstunden die Scheidung von ihrem Ehemann Bill eingereicht. ""Der Weg in unser Glück ist frei, mein lieber Donny. Bald bin ich deine Hillary Rodham Trump."" Eine Antwort von Donald Trump steht derzeit noch aus. pfg, dan, ssi; Foto oben: Zachary Moskow , CC BY-SA 4.0 Artikel teilen:",0
5542,Sucking the Blood of a Declining Civilization,"Leave a reply The 7 Maoi facing the equinox sunset at Ahu Akivi on Easter Island (photo copyright Ian Sewell) 
Paul Rosenberg – Civilization has to be transmitted from one generation to another. If it isn’t, processes break down and life becomes difficult. Soon there must be a painful reform, or else the civilization will be lost. 
This is fundamentally the job of families (especially parents), but at the moment that’s not really possible: How many families can survive on one income? And if one of the parents can’t stay home and teach the fundamental lessons of civilization, who will pass them to the next generation? 
Certainly the better daycare facilities try, but to think that someone watching a couple dozen kids is going to transmit civilization to them as effectively as a parent who’s with the child day and night is simply ridiculous. The blame for this rests almost solely at the feet of the state of course, but we’re getting ahead of ourselves. 
I’ll begin by quoting the redoubtable Fred Reed on the current situation: 
We live in a dying culture and, soon, a diminished country. It cannot be saved. 
Not true? Add up the bits and pieces. We laugh in horror, some of us, primarily the older, at the decline of schooling, the courses like Batman and the Struggle for Gender Equity. Comic, yes. Yet in aggregate, these constitute an academic and civilizational collapse both profound and irreversible. Enstupidation does not happen in a healthy country. Who even wants to reverse this onrushing night? Not the universities, nor the teacher’s unions, nor a professoriat gone as daft as the “students,” nor the banks battening on student loans [sic]. 
I’m more optimistic than Fred in that I think our civilization can be saved. But what he writes is true, and the West’s big institutions are simply vampires sucking the blood of a declining civilization. 
I think we can all admit that every major institution of the West, including the mega-corps, is engaged in stripping the Western populace of everything they possibly can. There is no virtue involved, no principle, no honor… there’s not even much consideration for the future. These outfits, under whatever excuses they’re trotting out this year, are strip-mining Western civilization, not building it. 
That said, let’s look at some particular villains. The Political Correctness Barbarians 
When I first saw these people rising to power, decades ago now, I thought they were so ridiculous that they’d come and go quickly. Unfortunately I was wrong, and they subverted millions of children. The current insanity over “safe spaces” and such condemns them openly, and especially that it’s becoming acceptable to say “I hate white people.” Anti-Religionists 
It’s one thing to be a simple agnostic. It’s quite another to go out and try to dismember religion… which in nearly every case means Christianity. And to be honest about it, most people who do this are acting out their personal traumas: either in permanent rebellion to their parents or in anger at one church or another. 
Slashing and burning things simply bears bad fruit, but here’s the core issue with attacking Christianity: 
The people who pushed Christianity out of Western culture were arrogant and destructive – not that they pushed it away, but that they never bothered to replace it . 
If you want to remove the moral core of a civilization, you have to replace it with something better. And the religion-haters did not. They sawed off the limb that held them and were too arrogant to consider the consequences. Academia and the Education Vampires 
The Enlightenment sits before us as a twisted wreckage. Its destruction followed the usual path: first setting up institutions, then monopolies and fiefdoms, and finally lording it over others as far and as long as they could. 
Education has whored itself out to the state and treats its students as income-generating tools. Are there a few exceptions? I’m sure there are, but they are few. Academia, including most of scientific academia, has disgraced itself. Could any serious Enlightenment thinker have respected “scientific consensus”? Please! Science places experimentation above all and never ever sells itself to a page full of names and initials! 
The scientific process has been subjugated by institutions that thrive on restricting access. Cronyism is massive, peer review is corrupted, and the uncredentialed are treated like lepers. These institutions sit atop the corpse of the Enlightenment. Corporatized Art 
The arts – music, film, painting, sculpture – are not widgets. They are immensely more important than that, forming minds and cultures in deep ways. 
How to pay the artist (singer, writer, whatever) has long been a problem and remains one. Hopefully a good answer arises at some point. Until then, seeking profit by dumbing down every art form is simply degrading. 
The corporations that now control music and film have bastardized art for money. I’m not ready to jail them and I certainly don’t think the state could do a better job, but I am willing to say that they have disgraced art. Have you ever wondered why elegance is gone? Why loudness and drunkenness are treated as virtues? The State 
Being that it forcibly skims half of the West’s production every year, given that it punishes all who do not obey it, and given that its laws are for sale to the highest bidders, the number one destroyer of Western civilization is the state. Hands down. Think of what people could do for their children and grandchildren with twice as much money. 
And don’t get me started on enforced charity, the victim culture, “you didn’t build that,” and “it takes a village.” I don’t like to swear in print. A Final Point 
I could go on, but this is a column, not a treatise. My final point is this: 
None of the above are transmitting civilization, even if some of them once did. They are tools for reaping the masses, and we need to leave them behind. But far more importantly, we need to build methods and systems that will transmit Western civilization. 
The authentic Western virtues – cooperation, initiative, creativity, curiosity, co-dominance, and real justice (not merely a form thereof) – are necessary for a prosperous humanity, and the institutions of our time have flamboyantly failed. 
It’s time to start building afresh. SF Source Freeman’s Perspective Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
5543,Does The Russian Government Have A Reality Disconnect?,"License DMCA 
During the decades-long Cold War the belief in America was that the Soviet Union had an ideology of world domination. Every nationalist movement, such as Vietnam's effort to throw off French colonialism, was misinterpreted as another domino falling to Soviet world conquest. This mistaken American belief persisted despite Stalin's purge of the Trotsky elements that preached world revolution. Stalin declared: ""socialism in one country."" 
As the Soviets did not have the aim that the US attributed to them, the two governments could cooperate in reducing the dangerous tensions that nuclear weapons presented. 
The rise of the American neoconservatives and their doctrine of US world hegemony has given the United States the expansionist ideology formerly attributed to the Soviets. Only this time the expansionist ideology is real. Yet, Russia's foreign minister, Lavrov, said today that ""we [the US and Russia] have no ideological differences which make the Cold War inevitable."" - Advertisement - 
The inability of the Russian government to understand that the neoconservative ideology of US world hegemony is the driving force of US foreign policy leaves Lavrov puzzled at the high level of hostility toward Russia. As Lavrov believes that there are no ideological differences between the two countries, he doesn't understand the hostility. However, he does understand that this hostility toward Russia is a negation of Cold War rules that both countries avoid surprising the other with what could be perceived as a dangerous threat. 
There is no sign that the US government understands the danger in Russia's perception of threat -- or that Washington cares. - Advertisement -",0
5544,Barnyard Dust Offers a Clue to Stopping Asthma in Children - The New York Times,"Scientists say they may have found a sort of magic ingredient to prevent asthma in children: microbes from farm animals, carried into the home in dust. The results of their research, published on Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine, were so convincing that they raised the possibility of developing a spray to do the same thing for children who do not have regular contact with cows and horses. It is a pressing problem because as many as 10. 6 percent of   children have asthma, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And there is no cure for this chronic and frightening disease. The discovery originated with an idea that has been around for years: that a growing number of children were developing asthma because their daily environments were simply too clean. If children are exposed to microbes that stimulate their immune systems in the first few years of life, they will be protected against asthma, the hypothesis says. As asthma rates climbed, researchers published study after study supporting what has become known as the hygiene hypothesis. The most consistent findings were from studies that compared children who grew up on farms  —   less asthma  —   with children who grew up in other environments. But in every case, there were many other differences between the children who had less asthma and those who had more. So it was not clear what exactly might have led to different asthma rates. What was missing was evidence that one essential factor in the environment was protecting children. And what was needed was a reason it had exerted its effect. The new study provides this, asthma researchers say, which is what makes its results so spectacular. It is still early. The study was small, and even though its results were striking, more work needs to be done. But, said Dr. Brian Christman, a pulmonologist at Vanderbilt University and a volunteer spokesman for the American Lung Association, “They really nailed it. ” The new work began when a group of investigators noticed that something peculiar was happening with children from two insular farming groups: the Amish of Indiana and the Hutterites of North Dakota. Asthma is rare among the Amish, affecting 2 to 4 percent of the population, but common among the Hutterites, with 15 to 20 percent affected. Yet the Amish and the Hutterites have similar genetic backgrounds. The Amish originated in Switzerland, the Hutterites in Austria. Members of both groups have large families and a very simple lifestyle. Their diets are similar, children in both groups have little exposure to tobacco smoke or polluted air, and both groups forbid indoor pets. Both groups also have meticulously clean homes. There was one difference, though: farming methods. The Amish live on   dairy farms. They do not use electricity, and use horses to pull their plows and for transportation. Their barns are close to their homes, and their children play in them. The Hutterites have no objection to electricity and live on large, industrialized communal farms. Their cows are housed in huge barns, more like hangars, away from their homes. Children do not generally play in Hutterite barns. The researchers decided to start with a small study. They looked at 30 Amish children and 30 Hutterite children and asked what sort of immune cells were in their blood. “We never thought we would see a difference,” said Carole Ober, an author of the study and the chairwoman of the department of human genetics at the University of Chicago. To the researchers’ astonishment, she said,“we saw whopping differences with very, very different cell types and cell numbers. ” None of the Amish children had asthma. And they all had a large proportion of neutrophils  —   white blood cells that are the immune system’s paramedics and are part of what is known as the innate immune system. These children’s neutrophils were newly emerged from their bone marrow, evidence of a continual   reaction to microbial invaders. “All 30 of the Amish kids had this,” said Anne I. Sperling, another author of the study and an associate professor of immunology and medicine at the University of Chicago. By contrast, six of the 30 Hutterite children had asthma, and all of them had far fewer neutrophils in their blood. The neutrophils that they did have were older ones, not cells that had just emerged. Instead, their blood was swarming with another type of immune cell, eosinophils, which provoke allergic reactions. It was as if they were primed for an asthma attack as soon as they breathed something to set it off. With the Amish children, Dr. Sperling said, it would clearly take a lot more provocation to set off an allergic response. The researchers decided that the differences between the Amish and the Hutterite children were so great that they should forge ahead with additional research to try to figure out what was stimulating the Amish innate immune system. They analyzed dust from the Amish and the Hutterite homes. The Amish dust was loaded with debris from bacteria the Hutterite dust was not. The researchers sent the dust to Dr. Donata Vercelli, an associate director of the asthma and airway research center at the University of Arizona, who would test the dust in mice. She put dust  —   Amish or Hutterite  —   into the airways of mice 14 times over a month and then exposed the animals to allergens. She measured how the airways responded: Did they constrict and twitch? Were they inflamed? “We found exactly what we found in the children,” Dr. Vercelli said. “If we give the Amish dust, we protect the mice. If we give the Hutterite dust, we do not protect them. ” Dr. Ober and her colleagues heard the results in a conference call with Dr. Sperling. “Our jaws were hanging open,” Dr. Ober said. “We could not believe it. ” Dr. Vercelli repeated the test and added another control. She gave the Amish dust to mice that were missing genes needed for the innate immune response. This time, the dust did not protect them. “It was incredibly exciting,” Dr. Sperling said. “Now we have a model that allows us to do these studies like never before. We can zoom in on microbial products. ” The work is scientifically sound, said Dr. William Busse, a professor of allergy, pulmonary and critical care medicine at the University of Wisconsin. “It is an extremely positive march forward,” he said. “This is an exciting paper. ” Now, said Dr. Talal Chatila, an immunologist at Harvard Medical School, “it is not   to start thinking of how one could harness those bacteria for a therapeutic intervention. ” Dr. Chatila, who wrote an editorial accompanying the new paper, hastened to add that he was not suggesting that people start packaging Amish dust and selling it in pharmacies to protect children from asthma. But, he said, “I wouldn’t be surprised if inactive forms of the bacteria could be used. ”",0
5545,Google’s Antitrust Woes in Europe Are Likely to Grow - The New York Times,"Google’s antitrust problems in Europe are about to get a whole lot bigger. The company is expected to be charged with breaking the European Union’s competition rules by unfairly favoring Google services, like its search engine and Google Maps, on its Android smartphone operating system over those of rivals, according to three people. The three, who work in either government or the private sector, spoke on the condition of anonymity. The charges, known formally as a statement of objections, may be announced in Brussels as soon as Wednesday, though the announcement could still be postponed until later this month, according to one of the people. The expected charges against Google are the latest in a raft of regulatory problems that American tech giants have faced as the European Union has cracked down on these companies’ perceived dominance over how people in the   bloc get access to digital services. That ranges from privacy complaints over how Facebook uses people’s online information to questions about Apple’s tax affairs from its headquarters in   Ireland. These cases come after previous antitrust investigations into how the likes of Microsoft and Intel operated across regions. Google denies that it has breached the region’s tough competition laws, and it will have several months to respond to the charges from the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union. “Anyone can use Android with or without Google applications,” Mark Jansen, a Google spokesman, said in a statement when asked about the company’s mobile software. “Hardware manufacturers and carriers can decide how to use Android, and consumers have the last word about which apps they want to use on their devices. ” A spokesman for the European Commission declined to comment. Despite the company’s denials, the expected charges linked to Android, which powers 77 percent of European smartphones, would represent a major setback for the Silicon Valley company as it grapples with a growing number of global competition investigations into Google’s vast operations. The case against Android also comes as Google is trying to strengthen its position on mobile  —   increasingly the primary way that people go online  —   as its traditional desktop business has started to show some signs of fatigue. Europe’s antitrust officials  have already accused Google of unfairly abusing its dominant market position across the   bloc to favor some of its own search services. A conclusion into those separate charges is expected within months, and it could lead to a fine exceeding $7 billion, equivalent to about 10 percent of Google’s most recent annual revenue, the maximum allowable fine. The Federal Trade Commission in Washington is also looking into whether Google broke American antitrust laws by using its Android operating system to bolster the company’s products. American officials previously investigated claims that Google’s search services violated federal competition rules, though they eventually decided not to bring charges. Other countries, including India and Russia, have similarly either accused the company of breaking antitrust rules or  opened antitrust investigations into Google’s activities. Canadian authorities, though, said on Tuesday that they had closed their investigation into claims that Google had misused its dominant position in online search. They added they would continue monitoring the company’s activities. Apple continues to generate the largest share of revenue from global smartphone sales. The company also bundles its own services, including digital maps, into its mobile software, but has yet to face similar questions over whether it has broken Europe’s antitrust rules. Google does not make money from licensing its basic Android software to cellphone manufacturers, but instead earns revenue through digital services like advertising from search, among other mobile services. It holds more than 80 percent of the smartphone operating system market worldwide, according to the technology research company Gartner. If European officials demand that the company provide rivals greater access to the Android universe  —   a possibility if Google is found to have broken the region’s laws  —   the search giant may find it more difficult to promote its own mobile services to users worldwide as well as to smartphone makers. As part of the charges to be announced as soon as Wednesday, Margrethe Vestager, Europe’s antitrust chief, is expected to focus on Google’s deals with cellphone manufacturers that include bundles of Google services included in Android. Speaking in Amsterdam on Monday, Ms. Vestager said that these deals may have hindered competition by forcing cellphone manufacturers to rely on Google’s mobile services that come preinstalled on certain versions of the Android software. “Our concern is that, by requiring phone makers and operators to preload a set of Google apps, rather than letting them decide for themselves which apps to load, Google might have cut off one of the main ways that new apps can reach customers,” Ms. Vestager said ahead of the charges being announced. The case related to Google’s Android operating system has been long expected. In 2013, Europe said it had received an official complaint from FairSearch Europe, a group of Google’s competitors, including Oracle and Nokia, among others. Aptoide, a Portuguese Android online marketplace, also filed a complaint against Google in 2014. These companies say that they have been financially hurt by Google practices that they call unfair, an accusation the company rejects. In response to these complaints, the European Commission announced last year that it would investigate Google’s dominant role in the Android operating system, and whether rivals had been treated unfairly. “Consumers deserve more choice and innovation in mobile devices and applications,” said Thomas Vinje, a lawyer for FairSearch. “A statement of objections in the Android case would be an important step forward for competition and consumers. ” Google says that its partnerships with cellphone makers that rely on its operating system are voluntary, and that these relationships offer benefits to consumers as well as manufacturers. Europe’s latest antitrust charges represent one of the first major challenges for Sundar Pichai, who took over as Google’s chief executive after a reorganization last year. Google is now owned by a holding company called Alphabet, which reports its quarterly earnings on Thursday. In February, Mr. Pichai traveled to Brussels to meet with Ms. Vestager and other European politicians, including Günther Oettinger, a German politician in charge of the digital economy in the bloc. Eric E. Schmidt, Alphabet’s executive chairman, has also been a regular visitor to Europe, meeting often with regional officials, in part to discuss the company’s continuing antitrust problems. Mr. Pichai is no stranger to competition struggles. In 2009, he wrote to European officials explaining why they should take a hard line against Microsoft on charges that the company had abused its   position in web browsers. Microsoft eventually paid more than $3 billion in fines for breaking the region’s antitrust rules. Now, Google faces mounting pressure over accusations it abused its position in everything from online search to its Android operating system. And it is the turn of Mr. Pichai, along with other Google executives, to respond.",0
5546,"Desperate for Presidential Leadership, Republicans Find Little - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Congressional Republicans, racked by divisions over health care, taxes and spending, are increasingly desperate for leadership from the White House to unite the party and point the way toward consensus. But presidential leadership does not appear to be forthcoming, leaving the party largely paralyzed at a moment it had thought would be full of legislative activity. “The White House is huge,” said Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota. “The president is the only person who can sign a bill into law, so he’s the guy that ultimately holds the whip hand when it comes to this getting done. ” As congressional leaders struggle to clear the first major legislative hurdle of the Trump era  —   a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act  —   their talks with the White House, though not infrequent, have failed to advance any coherent, cohesive policy prescription. Repealing the health care law is the Republicans’ first step toward enacting their broader agenda. So far, President Trump, seeking to project an image of a man of action, has preferred   executive actions over   engagement with Congress. In the absence of presidential leadership, the most fiscally conservative House Republicans have stepped forward to demand that the health care law be whittled to near nothingness. More moderate senators are insisting on a replacement plan with many of the current law’s popular components. Both sides are pressing hard to sway lawmakers working on draft legislation that would roll back the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid, replace the subsidies offered in the insurance marketplaces with tax credits to buy coverage, and eliminate tax penalties for people who do not have health insurance. After weeks of loud protests across the country from voters who are fearful of losing their health care, Republican governors complicated matters further this week by joining Democrats in a call for a replacement plan that would ensure coverage for the 20 million Americans who gained insurance under the Affordable Care Act. “I’d like to hear a renewed commitment to repealing the law,” said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah  —   another sign of just how far the party is from unity. Democrats, who have been dismissed as obstructionists by Republicans determined to repeal and replace the law without them, are sitting by quietly waiting for those efforts to fail. At that point, Democrats believe, Republicans will have to reach across the aisle and repair the law. “We’ve maintained all along there is room to negotiate,” said Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii. “But only if they abandon their attempt to repeal the law. ” While he has seen no moves toward cooperation yet, “they are in a world of hurt,” Mr. Schatz said of Republicans, “because none of their plans add up, and their members are starting to figure this out and the public is starting to figure this out, and they don’t have Obama as a foil anymore. I think they need to fail first. ” Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, who has long offered to help fix the law, said she had heard from only one Republican colleague, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, since the end of last year. “I don’t think Republicans have decided what they’re waiting for,” she said. “The White House or Godot. ” Many Republicans seem to be resigned to seeking consensus on health care legislation, as well as on a budget and tax reform, without comprehensive White House guidance. Representative Michael McCaul, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said he was relying less on a signal from Mr. Trump than on    discussions between lawmakers and the administration to “get the details filled in. ” Those details include how Mr. Trump plans to fund his call for a 10 percent increase in military spending, Mr. McCaul said. “From a budget standpoint, these numbers are difficult to crunch,” he said. “We as Republicans want a stronger national defense. That money’s got to come from someplace. That’s where the hard decisions have to be made. ” Mr. Trump’s aversion to making big changes to two of the costliest government programs, Medicare and Social Security  —   something Republicans generally crave  —   is not helping matters. “That makes it even more difficult,” Mr. McCaul said. The president’s budget outline, unveiled this week, has something for almost every Republican to hate, from the lack of   entitlement reform to large proposed cuts at the State Department. “Speaking for myself,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, “I think the diplomatic portion of the federal budget is very important, and you get results a lot cheaper, frequently, than you do on the defense side. So, speaking for myself, I’m not in favor” of huge reductions at the State Department. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, called those cuts “dead in the water” for him. Many of Mr. Trump’s direct contributions to the legislative process have happened through the news media, as he has signaled his priorities in interviews that have sometimes left congressional Republicans scrambling to decipher his intentions. Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California, said some of his Republican colleagues were frustrated by their inability to move forward. “They’re reading about what he wants to do at the same time I am in the paper,” he said. Six weeks after Mr. Trump said Republicans would provide a replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act that offered “insurance for everybody,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin is fighting to reconcile his party’s competing priorities while also contending with the occasional messaging complication from the White House. “This is a plan that we are all working on together: the House, the Senate, the White House,” Mr. Ryan said Tuesday. “We’re all working on this together with the administration. ”",0
5547,Danish Teen Girl Charged With Plotting to Bomb Jewish Schools,"COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  —   A Danish prosecutor says a    girl has been formally charged with planning bomb attacks against two schools in Denmark. [Prosecutor   Nilas says the teenager is accused of “having made preparations to make bombs” using the explosive known as TATP. She said her targets were a school west of Copenhagen and a Jewish school in the capital.  Police thwarted the plans by arresting the girl on Jan. 13, 2016. A trial is set to start April 7, 2017 in Holbaek, northwest of the Danish capital. Charges against a    man, initially believed to an accomplice, have been dropped. Defense lawyer Michael Juul Eriksen told The Associated Press his client, who twice had been in Syria, would be released later Friday. Neither the girl nor the man could be identified.",0
5548,Drivers in at Least 21 States Claim ’Covfefe’ Vanity Plates - Breitbart,"Drivers across the country are racing to their local Department of Motor Vehicles offices to claim “covfefe” vanity license plates just days following President Trump’s tweetwhere he meant to type “negative press coverage” and instead wrote “covfefe. ”[Drivers have already claimed their “covfefe” vanity plate in at least 21 states, including California, North Carolina, Maine, and Nebraska since Trump sent out his tweet early Wednesday morning, CNN reported.  Greg Cooper, a California attorney, was one of the first in the nation to claim his state’s “covfefe” license plate. His daughter, Tayla, posted a photo of him with the plate design to Twitter, which received over 97, 000 likes and has been retweeted over 20, 000 times. Cooper, who was with family when he saw Trump’s tweet and thought it would be funny to buy a “covfefe” vanity plate, said he has not decided whether he will attach the license plate to his car when it arrives in 12 weeks. Evan Milton, 26, of Nebraska, claimed his state’s “covfefe” vanity plate for $40 just five hours after Trump tweeted the word. Milton told the Lincoln   that he applied for the license plate through his state’s DMV website around 4 a. m. because he wanted a vanity plate on his car that came from a meme. Trump himself has poked fun of his original   tweet, where he wrote about the “constant negative press covfefe,” in a   tweet: “Who can figure out the true meaning of ‘covfefe’? ?? Enjoy!” Who can figure out the true meaning of ”covfefe” ? ??  Enjoy!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017,  “Covfefe” also became the number one trending topic on Twitter within the hour after Trump posted his original tweet, giving birth to a new meme. As of Monday afternoon, there are still seven states where drivers can order a “covfefe” vanity plate. The states still to be claimed are New Hampshire, Wisconsin, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania.",0
5549,Loretta Lynch: Federal Government Must ’Hold Police Accountable’,"Outgoing Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the federal government has a mandate to hold police officers accountable for their actions. [“You’ve got to hold police accountable, you’ve got to help them hold themselves accountable, and you’ve got to build in community accountability,” she told the Associated Press in an interview published Saturday.  Lynch also said that relationships between the Justice Department and local law enforcement had improved. Her comments come a day after the Justice Department released a scathing report on the Chicago Police Department’s civil rights violations, the Hill reported. Lynch, who was sworn in as attorney general in April 2015, took charge during a period where there was much criticism about police practices in black communities, and she made it a department priority to go after civil rights violations. Sen. Jeff Sessions,   Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general, plans to change the focus of the Justice Department to highlight issues such as national security and immigration. Lynch’s tenure as attorney general has been marked by massacres by violent extremists, hacking attempts from overseas, and an election season investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server. Lynch also drew criticism for an unplanned meeting with Bill Clinton on an airport tarmac in Phoenix. Lynch said she wished she had never met Bill Clinton on the tarmac, Breitbart reported.",0
5550,Assailant Near Louvre Is Shot by French Soldier - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   A man armed with two large knives and shouting “God is great” in Arabic lunged at a military patrol near an entrance to the Louvre on Friday, causing little harm, but rattling a city already on edge over terrorist attacks and casting another shadow over its international image. A soldier opened fire, hitting the attacker several times, but not before he slashed at one of the other soldiers, causing minor injuries. The Paris prosecutor, François Molins, said the attacker, who was 29 years old, was believed to be an Egyptian who arrived in France on Jan. 26 from Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, on a visa he obtained last November. The intervention by soldiers from the 1er Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes, an airborne unit based in Pamiers, in southwestern France, “ended a terrorist attack and enabled the arrest of its perpetrator, who by all indications was very determined,” Mr. Molins said. The assault took place on a stairway leading down to the Carrousel du Louvre, an underground shopping mall that lies between the subway station closest to the museum and one of the museum’s entrances. The attack was so close to the Louvre that it lit up social media networks. Within a couple hours of the assault, President Trump wrote on Twitter that the man was a “radical Islamic terrorist,” although the French authorities said it was too early to establish whether he had ties to any terrorist groups. Mr. Molins, who is known for sticking to the facts, refrained from saying anything about the man’s motivations, but said that his passport had two visas to Turkey, in 2015 and 2016, and that he also had a visa for Saudi Arabia. He had a residency document for the United Arab Emirates. Mr. Molins did not say where the man might have traveled in Turkey. Until recently, a stretch of the eastern Turkish border with Syria was highly porous, and many people slipped into territory held by the Islamic State in Syria’s northeast. The man was not known to the French security authorities, but he was identified through fingerprints and a photograph taken when he obtained his visa, Mr. Molins said. The suspect had rented an apartment for one week, paying about $1, 830, in a   neighborhood just four subway stops from the Louvre. Two days after arriving in Paris, he bought two     knives at an arms store in central Paris for about $730, according to the authorities. France has suffered more terrorist attacks and attempted attacks in recent years than any other country in Europe, and security officials believe that the country and especially its police and military forces, remain a target of choice for Islamic extremists. Some of those attacks involve knives and were carried out by people who say they were inspired by the example of the Islamic State even if they had never traveled to Syria or Iraq or sworn allegiance to the organization. Mr. Molins noted that Friday’s attack occurred exactly two years after a similar attack on soldiers in Nice. In just the past 13 months, there have been at least four attacks in France using knives, including one instance in which an   police officer and wife were stabbed to death by a man who then filmed himself claiming allegiance to the Islamic State, broadcasting the video on Facebook. In St.    a small town in Normandy, a    man slit the throat of an elderly priest as he was saying Mass last July. The young man and an accomplice, who were fatally shot by the police, had proclaimed allegiance to the Islamic State just before the murder. Then there were the shocking assaults that claimed many more lives. On July 14, a man driving a truck plowed into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in the southern city of Nice, killing 86 people. And on Nov. 13, 2015, three attacks carried out by 10 Islamic State terrorists in and around Paris took the lives of 130 people. Although the Louvre attack was swiftly contained and involved only one assailant, it was likely to add to the woes of the museum and the city, where the number of visitors declined significantly in 2016 because of successive terrorist attacks and attempted attacks. The number of visitors to the Louvre was down 15 percent from 2015, and the number of foreign visitors fell, notably from Russia, Japan, China and Brazil. Friday’s attack also coincided with the city’s final presentation of its bid for the 2024 Olympic Games, casting something of a pall over a day that Paris officials had hoped would not be associated with terrorism. Still, the quick response by the military was likely to ease criticism about the expense and efficacy of using soldiers alongside the police to fight terrorism. When terrorists carried out a massacre at the Bataclan concert hall during the November 2015 attacks, soldiers were nearby but were not under orders to act and were unable to aid the police, raising questions about their usefulness. While the situation on Friday was different  —   the soldiers were acting in    —   it was described repeatedly by politicians and senior government officials as a display of preparedness and “ . ” About 10, 000 soldiers are deployed throughout France, with 3, 500 in the Paris region alone. Many people were also impressed by the calm efficiency displayed by the staffs of both the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre. The museum had several rooms designated as secure places, and guards escorted visitors to those areas. Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum, said he was at work when “all of a sudden we saw a huge flow of people coming in the museum, and the people in charge of the security shut down the three main access doors. ” “Then they asked us to follow an itinerary that led us into a specific room,” he said, “where we stayed confined for two hours and a half. ” He stayed in one of the rooms of the department of Islamic art, in the museum’s basement, with a few hundred people. “It wasn’t a rush: Everything went very smoothly,” Mr. Lopez added. “We were not piled up we could all sit on the floor. Some people took a nap. ” “The tourists reacted super well. The security persons were given instructions that we translated in English and in Chinese. ” Thomas, a    who declined to give his surname, said he was doing maintenance work on electronic screens in the underground mall when he heard gunfire nearby. He suspected an attack, yet his first reaction was not fear, but a “survival instinct,” fueled by a “surge of adrenaline,” he recalled as he stood near a police cordon a few hours later. “I followed the protocol, which was to leave through the emergency exits, since we were in one of the stores,” he said. “I evacuated, and I took two people with me. ”",0
5551,Trump Was the Elephant in the Ballroom at the Golden Globes - The New York Times,"The biggest presence at Sunday’s Golden Globes was a TV star who didn’t show up, didn’t win an award, was not thanked and was only rarely mentioned by name. Hollywood’s first awards show of the year was  —   like so much in today’s headlines  —   brought to you by Donald J. Trump. Even before Meryl Streep took the   to the   he loomed over Jimmy Fallon’s monologue. The last time Mr. Trump appeared with Mr. Fallon on NBC’s “The Tonight Show,” the host tousled his hair during a softball interview. Mr. Trump’s subsequent election was both an affirmation of celebrity’s power and a repudiation of most celebrities’ politics. So beyond “Moonlight” versus “Manchester by the Sea,” a big question hanging over the awards was how, or whether, Mr. Fallon would address the Republican elephant in the room. The night began with exactly the kind of bit you’d figure Mr. Fallon would start with: a   parody of scenes from the musical mash note to Los Angeles, “La La Land. ” It was a fitting choice, if not an especially hilarious one, at the most escapist of awards shows. Music and   comedy are the strength of Mr. Fallon’s “The Tonight Show. ” (He brought his bandleader, Questlove, along as D. J.) And just as “La La Land” is a bubbly tribute to performers and their dreams, Mr. Fallon’s talk show is a stage for celebrities  —   and politicians  —   to perform their likability. In his monologue, Mr. Fallon seemed determined to show that his   hand had claws. He said the awards results were “tabulated by the firm of Ernst  Young and Putin. ” Referencing “Game of Thrones” fans who wondered what would have happened if King Joffrey  —   the show’s sadistic, petty    —   had lived, he said, “in 12 days we’re going to find out. ” His   jokes felt out of character the rest were ordinary. (He did show off his talent for impressions, doing a Chris Rock that reminded us how sharp Mr. Rock had been at the Oscars.) The most memorable part may have been at the beginning, when Mr. Fallon’s Teleprompter went out. He vamped for a bit, and after the commercial break he returned with a joke  —   likening his mishap to Mariah Carey’s singing disaster on New Year’s Eve  —   that it seemed half of Twitter had already made at that point. Mr. Fallon handled his technical   much better than the diva. But he didn’t make much of it either, and that summed up the night. He wasn’t bad this year just didn’t seem like his cultural moment. You had to wonder what last year’s host, the vitriolic Ricky Gervais, might have done, or Mr. Fallon’s other predecessors Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, who made acerbic jokes in good fun. Entertainers can make an audience forget the turbulent times with a tour de force performance. (See Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig, who did a brilliant bit about their first visits to the movies going horribly wrong  —   someone might want to call their agents and lock them down to host next year.) They can make art out of troubles. (See many of the night’s winners, such as the     “The People v. O. J. Simpson. ”) Or they can lay it between the lines. Hugh Laurie seemed to compare his character in “The Night Manager” to the  : “I accept this award on behalf of psychopathic billionaires everywhere. ” It was Meryl Streep, receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award, who repudiated Mr. Trump, for a “performance” during the campaign in which he mocked a disabled reporter. “It sank its hooks in my heart,” she said. Call me biased (that reporter is a colleague at The Times) but it was as passionate and devastating as any scripted clip played that night. Ms. Streep also said that without Hollywood’s performers from around the world, “you’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts. ” Did that persuade anyone for whom those   are entertainment? There is a school of thought that it does nobody good for celebrities to deliver political diatribes, coded or not, on a night that celebrates the fortune of the fortunate. But their work says something, like it or not. The 2016 election was, among other things, a cultural argument: overtly and subtextually, it was in part about how comfortable America was with change, diversity and inclusion  —   about whether there was some   homogeneous “greatness” that America had lost. The awards, and the acceptances, often served as an answer, a message that the social gears have not totally been thrown in reverse. “Moonlight,” a film about a young black man growing up gay, won best drama. FX’s “Atlanta,” set in the   scene of the Georgia city, won best TV comedy or musical, and its creator, Donald Glover (who also won best actor in a comedy or musical) thanked “all the black folks in Atlanta. ” And Tracee Ellis Ross, star of “ ” (whose title Mr. Trump once railed against on Twitter) dedicated her award to women of color: “I want you to know that I see you. We see you. ” Sometimes, this Globescast said, art is an escape. Sometimes it’s a call to arms. And sometimes seeing, and being seen, is a statement in itself.",0
5552,Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Donald J. Trump, the Manhattan real estate mogul who boasts about his wealth, maintains a fleet of aircraft and sells his own brand of neckties, paid respects on Sunday to an incongruous constituency. “Look at all these bikers,” Mr. Trump, standing before a crowd in front of the Lincoln Memorial, said with admiration. “Do we love the bikers? Yes. We love the bikers. ” Mr. Trump was addressing a gathering at the 29th annual Rolling Thunder motorcycle run, a vast event over Memorial Day weekend that is dedicated to accounting for military members taken as prisoners of war or listed as missing in action. Bikers assembled at the Pentagon before riding en masse into the nation’s capital, with many dressed in leather vests covered in patches, their bikes rumbling throughout the afternoon. For the   Mr. Trump, who likes to stress his desire to strengthen the military and improve how veterans are treated, the gathering provided a receptive audience, if one where he might otherwise seem out of place. “He speaks what’s on his mind and means what he says,” said Tom Christian, 43, a heating and   contractor from Tennessee. “And that’s what a biker does. That’s the way we are: We say what we think. If you like it, you like it. If you don’t, go the other way. ” The warm embrace from the crowd gave no hint of the controversy that Mr. Trump incited last year when he denigrated the military service of Senator John McCain of Arizona, a former prisoner of war in North Vietnam. Mr. Trump said Mr. McCain, a fellow Republican, was not a war hero, saying, “I like people that weren’t captured, O. K.?” Mr. Trump is the latest political figure, but not the only one, to pay attention to bikers. Wearing a black   helmet, Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska, appeared at Rolling Thunder in 2011, months before saying she would not run for president in 2012. And one of Mr. Trump’s former Republican rivals, Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, a proud   owner, campaigned at Harley dealerships and wore motorcycle boots on the campaign trail. Asked during a debate what he wanted his Secret Service code name to be, he suggested Harley. Campaigning in Wisconsin in March, Mr. Trump observed that Mr. Walker was “always on a Harley. ” “I’m not a huge biker, I have to be honest with you, O. K.?” Mr. Trump added. “I always liked the limo better. ” Nancy Regg, a spokeswoman for Rolling Thunder, said the group had invited Mr. Trump to appear. The group did not extend an invitation to Hillary Clinton or Senator Bernie Sanders, she said. Richard McFadden, 58, an annual Rolling Thunder attendee from North Carolina, said Mrs. Clinton would not have been welcome. “Just like asking Jane Fonda to show up, it’d be a very, very bad thing,” said Mr. McFadden, who works in computer support and wore a button that read, “Hillary for Prison 2016. ” Mr. Trump’s supporters include a group called “Bikers for Trump,” which has more than 46, 000 “likes” on Facebook. Speaking on Sunday, Mr. Trump told the crowd of seeing large numbers of bikers at his campaign events. “I said, ‘What are they all doing here?’ and my people would say, ‘They’re here to protect you, Mr. Trump,’” he said. “It’s an amazing thing. And I want to tell you, some of these people are tough. ” But when he shakes their hands, “there is love, and it’s an incredible feeling, and that’s why I wanted to be with you today,” he said. Wearing a red “Make America Great Again” hat and forgoing a necktie, Mr. Trump pledged to rebuild the military and said George S. Patton and other deceased generals were “spinning in their graves. ” He lamented that veterans “have been treated so badly in this country” and asserted that in many cases, immigrants in the country illegally were taken better care of. He said that on Tuesday he will detail the money he had raised for veterans’ groups. Standing before the reflecting pool with the Washington Monument offering a striking backdrop, Mr. Trump also expressed disappointment about the size of the crowd, which did not fill the space cordoned off in front of the Lincoln Memorial for the event. “I thought this would be like Dr. Martin Luther King, where the people would be lined up from here all the way to the Washington Monument,” he said. He seemed to blame event organizers, saying he passed enormous crowds along the roads on the way to the gathering, including “the most beautiful bikes I’ve ever seen in my life. ” Two retirees from New Jersey, Tom Gadosky and his companion, Marney Pratt, who are both 67, traveled to Rolling Thunder on their    . Both plan to vote for Mr. Trump in November. “A lot of the people, if you walk around, are baby boomers, like us,” Ms. Pratt said. “We’ve been through it all. We want to have it back again. ” Neither of them was bothered by what Mr. Trump had said about Mr. McCain. People, Mr. Gadosky said, “have very short memories. ”",0
5553,Las cajetillas de tabaco emitirán música de Melendi cuando se abran,"Las cajetillas de tabaco emitirán música de Melendi cuando se abran EL MUNDO TODAY 24 HORAS El Mundo Today en tu buzón Tu Email A un locutor de Radio 3 le diagnostican cólico nefrítico y pregunta cuándo tocan ""ME GUSTABAN MÁS CUANDO SE LLAMABAN PIEDRAS"", DECLARA Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.",0
5554,The man behind the Trump rally disturbance in Reno,"The man behind the Trump rally disturbance in Reno 11/06/2016 
USA TODAY 
The man who caused a commotion at a Donald Trump rally Saturday said he’s a registered Republican who wanted only to show his displeasure with his party’s nominee. 
Members of the audience at the event for the GOP presidential nominee tackled Austyn Crites, 33, of Reno after someone yelled “gun” while others were trying to rip away his anti-Trump sign. 
“I just went with sign that said ‘Republicans Against Trump,’ ” Crites said. “It’s a sign that you can find online. I held up the sign and initially people around me were just booing me telling me to get out of there. Then a couple of these guys tried grabbing the sign out of my hands.” 
Crites had no weapon. Secret Service agents later released a statement to that effect and let him go without charges. 
Agents whisked Trump offstage because Crites was near the front of the auditorium at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center. 
Crites said he holds no ill will toward the Secret Service or Reno police, who were just doing their job. 
“I was trying to get the Secret Service’s attention for them to respond,” said Michael Newton, 45, of Santa Rosa, Calif., who helped restrain Crites. “They didn’t respond. I thought I had to do something. I put my knee on what I think was his head, so I’m not really sure. There were five guys on him and he was moving. I tried to help them immobilize him.” In final Colorado push, Trump urges supporters to hand-deliver ballots 
Newton said he felt as if Crites were the aggressor. 
“I saw his hand contact someone’s face,” he said. “Maybe two people.” 
Crites said he didn’t strike anyone, but after he was taken to the ground, he felt as if he were being mobbed. 
“Multiple people just tackled me down, kicking me choking me and just beating me up,” he said. “That’s when things even got crazier. I was on the ground and people were holding my arms, legs and I kept saying I can barely breathe. I was turning my neck just to get a little bit of air to keep from passing out.” 
That’s when police intervened, taking Crites away in handcuffs. 
Newton’s partner, Donald Newton, 47, of Santa Rosa took video of the immediate aftermath. 
The Secret Service said its investigation is ongoing. The agency uses magnetometers at presidential campaign sites, making it difficult for weapons to be smuggled into events. 
What’s baffling to Crites is how anyone could have thought he had a gun. His sign was in the air for some time and he wasn’t making any sudden movements, he said. 
“It wasn’t like they noticed something suspicious and tackled me,” Crites said. “That’s not the case.” 
He said he backs some GOP candidates and just wanted to voice frustration with Trump, not cause panic. 
“I love all the people in that rally,” he said. “We’re all fellow Americans. They’re doing their patriotic duty. They support their candidate. I’m just there showing that I’m a Republican. I’m all of your people’s brother. I just have a slight difference of opinion.” 
Later on Facebook, Crites wrote that he has no connection with the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton but has canvassed for her for about three hours, contributed to her campaign and voted for her. 
“Take what happened to me tonight as a classic example of dictator incitement of violence — against your own Republican brother with a stupid sign,” he wrote. The post and his entire account were taken down soon afterward as some Trump supporters on social media called him a “Clinton thug,”“Hillary shill” and “Trump assassin.” 
Shortly after the incident at the rally, Trump returned to the stage to raucous applause, thanking the Secret Service and launching back into his prepared remarks. His campaign later issued a statement also thanking the Secret Service and his supporters. 
Follow Seth A. Richardson on Twitter: @SethARichardson",0
5555,Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition - The New York Times,"He has slashed the state budget, frozen government contracts and reduced the pay of civil employees, all part of drastic austerity measures as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is buffeted by low oil prices. But last year, Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s deputy crown prince, saw a yacht he couldn’t resist. While vacationing in the south of France, Prince bin Salman spotted a   yacht floating off the coast. He dispatched an aide to buy the ship, the Serene, which was owned by Yuri Shefler, a Russian vodka tycoon. The deal was done within hours, at a price of approximately 500 million euros (roughly $550 million today) according to an associate of Mr. Shefler and a Saudi close to the royal family. The Russian moved off the yacht the same day. It is the paradox of the brash,    Prince bin Salman: a man who is trying to overturn tradition, reinvent the economy and consolidate power  —   while holding tight to his royal privilege. In less than two years, he has emerged as the most dynamic royal in the Arab world’s wealthiest nation, setting up a potential rivalry for the throne. He has a hand in nearly all elements of Saudi policy  —   from a war in Yemen that has cost the kingdom billions of dollars and led to international criticism over civilian deaths, to a push domestically to restrain Saudi Arabia’s   habits and to break its “addiction” to oil. He has begun to loosen social restrictions that grate on young people. The rise of Prince bin Salman has shattered decades of tradition in the royal family, where respect for seniority and   among branches are   traditions. Never before in Saudi history has so much power been wielded by the deputy crown prince, who is second in line to the throne. That centralization of authority has angered many of his relatives. His seemingly boundless ambitions have led many Saudis and foreign officials to suspect that his ultimate goal is not just to transform the kingdom, but also to shove aside the current crown prince, his    cousin, Mohammed bin Nayef, to become the next king. Such a move could further upset his relatives and  —   if successful  —   give the country what it has never seen: a young king who could rule the kingdom for many decades. Crown Prince bin Nayef, the interior minister and longtime counterterrorism czar, has deep ties to Washington and the support of many of the older royals. Deciphering the dynamics of the family can be like trying to navigate a hall of mirrors, but many Saudi and American officials say Prince bin Salman has made moves aimed at reaching into Prince bin Nayef’s portfolios and weakening him. This has left officials in Washington hedging their bets by building relationships with both men, unsure who will end up on top. The White House got an early sign of the ascent of the young prince in late 2015, when  —   breaking protocol  —   Prince bin Salman delivered a soliloquy about the failures of American foreign policy during a meeting between his father, King Salman, and President Obama. Many young Saudis admire him as an energetic representative of their generation who has addressed some of the country’s problems with uncommon bluntness. The kingdom’s news media have built his image as a hardworking, businesslike leader less concerned than his predecessors with the trappings of royalty. Others see him as a   upstart who is risking instability by changing too much, too fast. Months of interviews with Saudi and American officials, members of the royal family and their associates, and diplomats focused on Saudi affairs reveal a portrait of a prince in a hurry to prove that he can transform Saudi Arabia. Prince bin Salman declined multiple interview requests for this article. But the question many raise  —   and cannot yet answer  —   is whether the energetic leader will succeed in charting a new path for the kingdom, or whether his impulsiveness and inexperience will destabilize the Arab world’s largest economy at a time of turbulence in the Middle East. Early this year, Crown Prince bin Nayef left the kingdom for his family’s villa in Algeria, a sprawling compound an hour’s drive north of Algiers. Although he has long taken annual hunting vacations there, many who know him said that this year was different. He stayed away for weeks, largely incommunicado and often refusing to respond to messages from Saudi officials and close associates in Washington. Even John O. Brennan, the C. I. A. director, whom he has known for decades, had difficulty reaching him. The crown prince has diabetes, and suffers from the lingering effects of an assassination attempt in 2009 by a jihadist who detonated a bomb he had hidden in his rectum. But his lengthy absence at a time of low oil prices, turmoil in the Middle East and a foundering   war in Yemen led several American officials to conclude that the crown prince was fleeing frictions with his younger cousin and that the prince was worried his chance to ascend the throne was in jeopardy. Since King Salman ascended to the throne in January 2015, new powers had been flowing to his son, some of them undermining the authority of the crown prince. King Salman collapsed the crown prince’s court into his own, giving Prince bin Salman control over access to the king. Prince bin Salman also hastily announced the formation of a military alliance of Islamic countries to fight terrorism. Counterterrorism had long been the domain of Prince bin Nayef, but the new plan gave no role to him or his powerful Interior Ministry. The exact personal relationship between the two men is unclear, fueling discussion in Saudi Arabia and in foreign capitals about who is ascendant. Obscuring the picture are the stark differences in the men’s public profiles. Prince bin Nayef has largely stayed in the shadows, although he did visit New York last month to address the United Nations General Assembly before heading to Turkey for a state visit. His younger cousin, meanwhile, has worked to remain in the spotlight, touring world capitals, speaking with foreign journalists, being photographed with the Facebook chairman Mark Zuckerberg and presenting himself as a face of a new Saudi Arabia. “There is no topic that is more important than succession matters, especially now,” said Joseph A. Kechichian, a senior fellow at the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies in Riyadh, who has extensive contacts in the Saudi royal family. “This matters for monarchy, for the regional allies and for the kingdom’s international partners. ” Among the most concrete initiatives so far of Prince bin Salman, who serves as minister of defense, is the   war in Yemen, which since it was begun last year has failed to dislodge the Shiite Houthi rebels and their allies from the Yemeni capital. The war has driven much of Yemen toward famine and killed thousands of civilians while costing the Saudi government tens of billions of dollars. The prosecution of the war by a prince with no military experience has exacerbated tensions between him and his older cousins, according to American officials and members of the royal family. Three of Saudi Arabia’s main security services are run by princes. Although all agreed that the kingdom had to respond when the Houthis seized the Yemeni capital and forced the government into exile, Prince bin Salman took the lead, launching the war in March 2015 without full coordination across the security services. The head of the National Guard, Prince Mutaib bin Abdullah, had not been informed and was out of the country when the first strikes were carried out, according to a senior National Guard officer. The National Guard is now holding much of the Yemeni border. American officials, too, were put off when, just as the Yemen campaign was escalating, Prince bin Salman took a vacation in the Maldives, the island archipelago off the coast of India. Several American officials said Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter had trouble reaching him for days during one part of the trip. The prolonged war has also heightened tensions between Prince bin Salman and Prince bin Nayef, who won the respect of Saudis and American officials for dismantling Al Qaeda in the kingdom nearly a decade ago and now sees it taking advantage of chaos in Yemen, according to several American officials and analysts. “If Mohammed bin Nayef wanted to be seen as a big supporter of this war, he’s had a year and a half to do it,” said Bruce Riedel, a former Middle East analyst at the C. I. A. and a fellow at the Brookings Institution. Near the start of the war, Prince bin Salman was a forceful public advocate for the campaign and was often photographed visiting troops and meeting with military leaders. But as the campaign has stalemated, such appearances have grown rare. The war underlines the plans of Prince bin Salman for a brawny foreign policy for the kingdom, one less reliant on Western powers like the United States for its security. He has criticized the thawing of America’s relations with Iran and comments by Mr. Obama during an interview this year that Saudi Arabia must “share the neighborhood” with Iran. This is part of what analysts say is Prince bin Salman’s attempt to foster a sense of Saudi national identity that has not existed since the kingdom’s founding in 1932. “There has been a surge of Saudi nationalism since the campaign in Yemen began, with the sense that Saudi Arabia is taking independent collective action,” said Andrew Bowen, a Saudi expert at the Wilson Center in Washington. Still, Mr. Bowen said support among younger Saudis could diminish the longer the conflict dragged on. Diplomats say the death toll for Saudi troops is higher than the government has publicly acknowledged, and a recent deadly airstrike on a funeral in the Yemeni capital has renewed calls by human rights groups and some American lawmakers to block or delay weapons sales to the kingdom. People who have met Prince bin Salman said he insisted that Saudi Arabia must be more assertive in shaping events in the Middle East and confronting Iran’s influence in the region  —   whether in Yemen, Syria, Iraq or Lebanon. Brian Katulis, a Middle East expert at the Center for American Progress in Washington, who met the prince this year in Riyadh, said his agenda was clear. “His main message is that Saudi Arabia is a force to be reckoned with,” Mr. Katulis said. Saudi Arabia is one of the world’s few remaining absolute monarchies, which means that Prince bin Salman was given all of his powers by a vote of one: his own father. The prince’s rise began in early 2015, after King Abdullah died of lung cancer and King Salman ascended to the throne. In a series of royal decrees, the new king restructured the government and shook up the order of succession in the royal family in ways that invested tremendous power in his son. He was named defense minister and head of a powerful new council to oversee the Saudi economy as well as put in charge of the governing body of Saudi Aramco, the state oil company and the primary engine of the Saudi economy. More important, the king decreed a new order of succession, overturning the wishes of King Abdullah and replacing his designated crown prince, Muqrin bin Abdulaziz, with Prince bin Nayef. While all previous Saudi kings and crown princes had been sons of the kingdom’s founder, Prince bin Nayef was the first of the founder’s grandsons to be put in line. Many hailed the move because of the prince’s success at fighting Al Qaeda and because he has only daughters, leading many to hope he would choose a successor based on merit rather than paternity. The bigger surprise was that the king named Prince bin Salman deputy crown prince. He was 29 years old at the time and virtually unknown to the kingdom’s closest allies. This effectively scrapped the political aspirations of his older relatives, many of whom had decades of experience in public life and in key sectors like defense and oil policy. Some are still angry  —   although only in private, out of deference to the    king. Since then, Prince bin Salman has moved quickly to build his public profile and market himself to other nations as the point man for the kingdom. Domestically, his focus has been on an ambitious plan for the future of the kingdom, called Vision 2030. The plan, released in April, seeks to transform Saudi life by diversifying its economy away from oil, increasing Saudi employment and improving education, health and other government services. A National Transformation Plan, laying out targets for improving government ministries, came shortly after. Read in one way, the documents are an ambitious blueprint to change the Saudi way of life. Read in another, they are a scathing indictment of how poorly the kingdom has been run by Prince bin Salman’s elders. Official government development plans going back decades have called for reducing the dependence on oil and increasing Saudi employment  —   to little effect. And in calling for transparency and accountability, the plan acknowledges that both have been in short supply. Diplomats and economists say much about the Saudi economy remains opaque, including the cost of generous perks and stipends for members of the royal family. The need for change is greater now, with global oil prices less than half of what they were in 2014 and hundreds of thousands of young Saudis entering the job market yearly. Prince bin Salman has called for a new era of fiscal responsibility, and over the last year, fuel, water and electricity prices have gone up while the   pay of some public sector employees  has been cut  —   squeezing the budgets of average Saudis. He has also said the government will sell shares of Saudi Aramco, believed to be the world’s most valuable company. Many Saudis say his age and ambition are benefits at a time when old ways of thinking must be changed. “He is speaking in the language of the youth,” said Hoda   a member of the kingdom’s advisory Shura Council, which is appointed by the king. “The country for too long has been looking through the lenses of the older generation, and we need to look at who is going to carry the torch to the next generation. ” Some of his initiatives have appeared  . In December, he held his first news conference to announce the formation of a military alliance of Islamic countries to fight terrorism. But a number of countries that he said were involved soon responded that they knew nothing about it or were still waiting for information before deciding whether to join. Others have been popular. After Prince bin Salman called for more entertainment options for families and young people, who often flee the country on their vacations, the cabinet passed regulations restricting the powers of the religious police. An Entertainment Authority he established has planned its first activities, which include comedy shows, pro wrestling events and monster truck rallies. The prince has kept his distance from the Council of Senior Scholars, the mostly elderly clerics who set official religious policy and often release religious opinions that young Saudis mock as being out of touch with modern life. Instead, he has sought the favor of younger clerics who boast millions of followers on social media. After the release of Vision 2030, Prince bin Salman held a reception for Saudi journalists and academics that included a number of younger,   clerics who have gone forth to praise the plan. Prince bin Salman’s prominence today was difficult to predict during his early years, spent largely below the radar of Western officials who keep track of young Saudi royals who might one day rule the kingdom. Several of King Salman’s other sons, who studied overseas to perfect foreign languages and earn advanced degrees, built impressive résumés. One became the first Arab astronaut, another a deputy oil minister, yet another the governor of Medina Province. Prince bin Salman stayed in Saudi Arabia and does not speak fluent English, although he appears to understand it. After a private school education, he studied law at King Saud University in Riyadh, reportedly graduating fourth in his class. Another prince of the same generation said he had gotten to know him during high school, when one of their uncles hosted regular dinners for the younger princes at his palace. He recalled Prince bin Salman being one of the crowd, saying he liked to play bridge and admired Margaret Thatcher. King Salman is said to see himself in his favorite son, the latest in the lineage of a family that has ruled most of the Arabian Peninsula for eight decades. In 2007, when the United States ambassador dropped in on King Salman, then a prince and the governor of Riyadh Province, to say farewell at the end of his posting, the governor asked for help circumventing America’s stringent visa procedures. His wife could not get a visa to see her doctor, and although his other children were willing to submit to the visa hurdles, “his son, Prince Mohammed, refused to go to the U. S. Embassy to be fingerprinted ‘like some criminal,’” according to a State Department cable at the time. Prince bin Salman graduated from the university that year and continued to work for his father, who was named defense minister in 2011, while dabbling in real estate and business. Many members of the royal family remain wary of the young prince’s projects and ultimate ambitions. Some mock him as the “Prince of the Vision” and complain about his army of   foreign consultants and  . Other are annoyed by the media cell he created inside the royal court to promote his initiatives, both foreign and domestic. Called the Center for Studies and Media Affairs, the group has focused on promoting a positive story about the Yemen war in Washington and has hired numerous Washington lobbying and public affairs firms to assist in the effort. Inside the kingdom, the government has largely succeeded in keeping criticism  —   and even open discussion  —   of the prince and his projects out of the public sphere. His family holds sway over the parent company of many Saudi newspapers, which have breathlessly covered his initiatives, and prominent Saudi editors and journalists who have accompanied him on foreign trips have been given up to $100, 000 in cash, according to two people who have traveled with the prince’s delegation. Meanwhile, Saudi journalists deemed too critical have been quietly silenced through phone calls informing them that they are barred from publishing, and sometimes from traveling abroad. In June, a Saudi journalist, Sultan     published an article in Arabic on his website, The Riyadh Post, in which he addressed the lack of discussion about Prince bin Salman’s rise. “You can buy tens of newspapers and hundreds of journalists, but you can’t buy the history that will be written about you,” he wrote. He said that the prince’s popularity among Saudis was based on a “sweeping desire for great change” and that they loved him based on the hope that he would “turn their dreams into reality. ” In that lay the risk, Mr. Qahtani wrote: “If you fail, this love withers quickly, as if it never existed, and is replaced by a deep feeling of frustration and hatred. ” The site was blocked the next day, Mr. Qahtani said, for the third time in 13 months. (It is now back up, at a new address.) As sweeping and   as Prince bin Salman’s initiatives are, they may hang by the tenuous thread of his link to his father, who has memory lapses, according to foreign officials who have met with him. Even the prince’s supporters acknowledge that they are not sure he will retain his current roles after his father dies. In the meantime, he is racing against time to establish his reputation and cement his place in the kingdom’s power structure. His fast ascent, and his   foreign trips to Washington, Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere in Asia, have led senior Obama administration officials to consider the prospect that he could step over Prince bin Nayef and become Saudi Arabia’s next king. This has led to a balancing act for American officials who want to build a relationship with him while not being used as leverage in any rivalry with Prince bin Nayef. Obama administration officials say relations with Prince bin Salman have generally improved, but only after a rocky start when he would routinely lecture senior Americans  —   even the president. In November, during a Group of 20 summit meeting at a luxury resort on the Turkish coast, Prince bin Salman gave what American officials described as a lengthy speech about what he saw as the failure of American foreign policy in the Middle East  —   from the Obama administration’s restraint in Syria to its efforts to improve relations with Iran, Saudi Arabia’s bitter enemy. Personal relationships have long been the bedrock of   relations, yet the Obama administration has struggled to find someone to develop a rapport with the prince. The job has largely fallen to Secretary of State John Kerry, who has hosted the prince several times at his home in Georgetown. In June, the two men shared an iftar dinner, breaking the Ramadan fast. In September 2015, dinner at Mr. Kerry’s house ended with Prince bin Salman playing Beethoven on the piano for the secretary of state and the other guests. In May, the prince invited Mr. Kerry for a meeting on the Serene, the luxury yacht he bought from the Russian billionaire. His desire to reimagine the Saudi state is reflected in his admiration  —   some even call it envy  —   for the kingdom’s more modern and progressive neighbor in the Persian Gulf, the United Arab Emirates. He has influential supporters in this effort, particularly the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who for more than a year has been promoting Prince bin Salman in the Middle East and in Washington. Crown Prince bin Zayed, the United Arab Emirates’ de facto ruler, is a favorite among Obama administration officials, who view him as a reliable ally and a respected voice in the Sunni world. But he also has a history of personal antipathy toward Prince bin Nayef, adding a particular urgency to his support for the chief rival of the Saudi crown prince. In April of last year, Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, Susan E. Rice, led a small delegation of top White House officials to visit Prince bin Zayed at his home in McLean, Va. During the meeting, according to several officials who attended, the prince urged the Americans to develop a relationship with Prince bin Salman. But all questions about Prince bin Salman’s future are likely to depend on how long his father lives, according to diplomats who track Saudi Arabia. If he died soon, Prince bin Nayef would become king and could dismiss his younger cousin as a gesture to his fellow royals. In fact, it was King Salman who set the precedent for such moves by dismissing the crown prince named by his predecessor. “If the king’s health starts to deteriorate, Mohammed bin Salman is very likely to try to get Mohammed bin Nayef out of the picture,” said Mr. Riedel, the former C. I. A. analyst. But the longer King Salman reigns, foreign officials said, the longer the young prince has to consolidate his power  —   or to convince Prince bin Nayef that he is worth keeping around if Prince bin Nayef becomes king. Most Saudi watchers do not expect any struggles within the family to spill into the open, as all the royals understand how much they have to lose from such fissures becoming public or destabilizing their grip on the kingdom. “I am persuaded as someone who focuses on this topic that the ruling family of Saudi Arabia above all else puts the interest of the family first and foremost,” said Mr. Kechichian, the analyst who knows many royals. “Not a single member of the family will do anything to hurt the family. ”",0
5556,DNC Hack: A Cold War 2.0 False Flag,"By Kurt Nimmo, Blacklisted News If elected this week Hillary Clinton will turn up the heat on brinkmanship with Russia. Democrats insist Russia is behind... ",0
5557,Kenneth Starr to Resign as Chancellor at Baylor - The New York Times,"Kenneth W. Starr announced Wednesday that he would resign as chancellor of Baylor University, effective immediately, saying it was a “matter of conscience. ” Mr. Starr’s decision came less than a week after he was stripped of the more operationally powerful position of president of the university in the wake of a scandal in which Baylor acknowledged that it had mishandled accusations of sexual assault against several football players. “I have to, and I willingly do, accept responsibility,” Mr. Starr told “Outside the Lines,” the ESPN program in which he announced his decision. “The captain goes down with the ship,” he added. But he also doubled down on a statement he released last week in which he said that he had been unaware of the beginning of what was later described as a widespread problem until last August, when a former football player was convicted of sexual assault. While Mr. Starr is stepping down as chancellor, a role that a Baylor regent described last week as one focused primarily on raising money as well as on “religious liberty,” he planned to retain his post as a tenured professor at Baylor’s law school. The scandal has also claimed the jobs of Art Briles, the successful head football coach, whom the Board of Regents fired last Thursday, and Ian McCaw, the athletic director, who resigned Sunday, days after the Regents had placed him on probation. Mr. Starr said he had not been consulted on Mr. Briles’s firing. He mixed some light condemnation of the coach, for failing to be a “stronger disciplinarian,” with praise, calling him a “players’ coach” and a “genius. ” Before entering academia as dean of the Pepperdine University School of Law in 2004 and becoming president of Baylor, the country’s largest Baptist university, in 2010, Mr. Starr was an independent counsel whose report to Congress led to President Bill Clinton’s impeachment in 1998. Before that, he was the United States solicitor general and a federal judge. At Baylor, Mr. Starr was credited with raising the university’s national profile  —   along with hundreds of millions of dollars  —   in no small part by tying the university’s national image to the recent success of its football team under Mr. Briles. It was Mr. Starr who, nearly one year ago, ordered an internal investigation into the university’s handling of a former player who was convicted of sexually assaulting another Baylor athlete. That inquiry led Mr. Starr to recommend that Baylor hire outside lawyers to investigate Baylor’s handling of such accusations more broadly. The board agreed, and it described the results of that investigation last Thursday in an executive summary that accompanied its decisions to demote Mr. Starr and to fire Mr. Briles. The board said in a statement last week that the investigation had found that the university’s climate flouted federal   laws, including Title IX. The board condemned a university leadership that, it said, “created a cultural perception that football was above the rules. ”",0
5558,Bach on the Election,"Email 
Even amidst the bluster, lies, and anger unleashed by the presidential election—the last of these captured this morning in a vivid photo essay in Germany’s leading daily, the Süddeutsche Zeitung , I often hear the calming strains of one of Johann Sebastian Bach’s most famous arias, “Sheep May Safely Graze.” The first duty of the president, we are often told by the candidates, is the security of the American people. In this piece Bach presents a sonic vision of safety secured by enlightened leadership. 
Above a pulsing B-flat drone whose static harmony conveys contented repose, a pair of pastoral recorders waft over an untroubled landscape: this is artfully managed nature with no suggestion of the horrors of the wild, nowhere the menace of danger. There are no armies or terrorists massing beyond the verdant hills. When, after two bars of instrumental introduction, the drone breaks into a gentle gait it is not done to worry the listener but to lift the eyes and ears over welcome fields. In just four graceful measures Bach has painted an expansive, tranquil canvas. Over these Bachian fields floats the soprano voice of Pales, the Roman deity of shepherds: 
Sheep may safe graze, When watched over by a good shepherd. Where rulers govern well Peaceful calm is to be felt That makes a country happy. 
Ruling your subjects well is like animal husbandry: manage the flock, be concerned, competent and watchful. Let your charges nibble and roam but never too far towards unknown perils. 
We may have the notorious Bundy gang getting let off federal conspiracy and weapons charges after its attempt at an armed takeover of huge stretches of the American landscape (the rogues gallery of the exonerated is to be seen in New York Times today is even scarier than the just-mentioned photo essay in the Süddeutsche Zeitung ), but Bach’s aria nonetheless projects a pursuit of happiness that can readily be transposed from its premiere on February 23 rd , 1713 in a castle banqueting hall set in the green hills of central Germany to the Land of the Free on October 28, 2016 little more than a week before Election Day. Heard today, the aria confirms that what Americans want most is a nice lawn; a pet or two; and to be left in peace. 
In the three century’s since its first performance, the aria has proliferating in myriad transcription and arrangements, the most famous of them by the visionary Italian piano virtuoso F erruccio Busoni . Given the work’s graceful beauty, it is not surprising that in one version or another it’s a favorite at weddings: having played the thing countless times for nuptial proceedings, I can assert that its popularity indicates that security and stability, not passion, are the enduring foundation of the institution of marriage, and in turn therefore of American democracy. The aria text’s praising male rule remains unheard in these instrumental transcriptions, and the wedding pairs remain blissful ignorant of it. 
This Best-of-Bach track comes from the so-called Hunt Cantata (BWV 208), composed for the thirty-first birthday of Duke Christian of Saxe-Weißenfels. He loved music, but even more, hunting, a proclivity captured by Bach in his musical tribute. At his own wedding the previous year, Duke Christian’s distant relative, the mighty Saxon Elector and Polish King, Frederick the Strong, had had his jewelers, the miraculous Dinglinger brothers, fashion a lavish hunting cup that he presented to the couple and which is now to be marveled at in Dresden’s famous museum, the Grünes Gewölbe. Bach’s music was meant to match this level of opulence and artifice, one which even minor German princes like Christian enjoyed. 
But hunting was not just a topic for artistic representation at the hands of a Dinglinger or a Bach. It was a dangerous pursuit, especially since prevailing attitudes towards gun control and safety were almost as primitive as those held in America today. Musicians were not spared mortal danger. The Weißenfels male alto and writer on music Johann Beer, who was also among the funniest and most prolific of early German novelists, got himself killed in a hunting accident with one of the dukes. His colleague David Heinrich Garthoff, who must have known Bach, came to the court as an oboist (an instrument often deployed for accompanying the hunt) but got his lower lip shot off while hunting birds. Garthoff was a versatile musician and became the court’s lipless organist. 
Lucky for us, Christian didn’t hand Bach a blunderbuss and command him into the fields when the composer visited the court for the Duke’s birthday festivities in 1713, otherwise we might have been deprived of hundreds of cantatas, the Goldberg Variations, the B-Minor Mass and heaps of other hits and only a few misses. 
Both Countess Clinton and Sir Donald are all for protecting the gun rights of hunters, so this is a movement both could get behind. Indeed, it’s any gun-lover’s dream, even if he didn’t—or doesn’t—have a tenth of the arsenal of the Duke. At the aria’s start the obligatory horns fill the banqueting with tales of the day’s daring escapades taking down massive bucks beaten towards the hunting party so that the Duke could dispatch these trophies-to-be at close range. Then the goddess Diana, sung by the famed German soprano Pauline Kellner (also likely Anna Magdalena Bach’s teacher), unleashed her own dazzling vocal firepower, shoots off a coloratura melisma on the very first syllable before listeners can even figure out what she was referring to, though the hunting horns have left little doubt: “Hunting is the passion of the gods,” she sings, following that blast with a line that would make a fine bumper sticker for a Ford F-250 pick-up on the back roads of Upstate New York: “Hunting is for heroes.” Even if there had been rather too much of the above-mentioned collateral damage among Weißenfels musicians, this is bracing bipartisan defense of guns and game. While the aria may indeed represent Hilary’s views on the second amendment, she could use more than a little of the panache of Bach’s Diana in getting her message out. 
Before we leave this hugely entertaining cantata let’s listen quickly to the political lessons to be gleaned from the first aria of Pan, the god of shepherds and a lusty rustic type who, like Donald, you wouldn’t want to sit next to in first-class. Bach makes his Pan a fun-loving, loose cannon of a bass, who goes off half-cocked claiming that he would make a worthy leader: like Bill Clinton and Donald Trump , this libertine purports to have great erotic powers, and it can only be assumed he thinks these will help him as head-of-state. A pair of brash oboes starts bragging even before the voice enters, making the absurd claim that “A Prince is the Pan of his country.” The bass sounds-off through a lurching gigue that suggests too much drink. After his opening comic comparison, one about as funny as imagining Donald Trump in the Oval Office, Pan goes on to make a decent point of political theory, though hardly an original one since the analogy between a ruler-less country and a headless body politic was a trope of the time: 
Just as the body without the soul Cannot live or control itself, So a country is a cave of death When it no longer has a head and prince And therefore lacks its best part. 
Pan holds resolutely to long notes on “live” and “rule” but then tumbles drunkenly down from them as he runs out of breath. On entering the mortal cavern with its minor shadows and chromatic crags, the drunk goes dark, only brightening just before the close when he remembers that he is after all “the best part”—the happy head to the nation’s body. It’s a raucous, rambling stump speech worthy of you-know-who. 
Sumptuous entertainments like this cantata drained the ducal coffers in Weißenfels such that many of the court’s musicians—including some of Bach’s own in-laws—were eventually owed years of unpaid salary. As a result, the duchy was dissolved by the higher-up royals in Dresden. Even the marital Hunting Cup came back to the giver. If you believe the gun-loving Trump, a similar fate awaits the Americans once the Chinese debt-holders come calling—and not just to bag a couple of big horn sheep for their trophy wall.",0
5559,Something big is underway on all fronts: “Within the next few weeks the future of the united states will be decided”,"VIDEOS Something big is underway on all fronts: “Within the next few weeks the future of the united states will be decided” Congress gave the green light to send weapons and munitions to Ukraine; the “holdup” is due to Obama not wanting to jeopardize the election of Hillary Clinton By Jeremiah Johnson - November 3, 2016 
As of this writing, the increased U.S. troop presence in Eastern Europe includes a battalion-sized element of American troops being emplaced in the Suwalki Gap, Polish territory that borders Lithuania in a 60-mile stretch of corridor. The Russian Defense Ministry announced that 600 Russian and Belarussian airborne troops conducted training exercises in Brest, on the Belorussian-Polish border only a few miles from where the U.S. forces are deploying in Poland. This on the heels of Britain deploying 800 men, tanks, and jets to Estonia, along with pledges of Challenger 2 tanks, APC’s (Armored Personnel Carriers), and drones. Two companies of French and Danish Soldiers will join the British in the deployment to Estonia. 
For the first time since 1945, Norway has violated its treaty with Russia (then the Soviet Union) not to station foreign troops on its soil. A company of U.S. Marines will soon be stationed for a 6-month deployment in Norway. The situation is heating up in Ukraine, according to a report on fort-russ.com entitled Ukraine Moves Massive Force up to Lugansk Frontline , published October 28, 2016 . The report reveals the Ukrainian Army is deploying 3,500 soldiers and 200 armored vehicles of the 15 th Motorized Infantry Brigade to Krasny Oktyabr in the district of Lugansk in Eastern Ukraine. For the first time in history, Romanian airspace is being patrolled by the RAF (Royal Air Force) of Britain. 
In addition, the Ukrainian National Guard is deploying a tactical company equipped with 82 mm mortars and AGS-17 auto grenade launchers, along with APC’s and missile launchers. A separate reconnaissance battalion named the “Night Shades,” a nationalist volunteer battalion will be deploying to Lugansk as well. No doubt they will receive a “warm” reception, as the fighting has been ongoing in the region for more than two years. The area is a severe flashpoint, as the separatists are ethnic Russians of Ukrainian nationality who wish to secede in the manner that Crimea did…Russia annexed them after the popular vote to leave Ukraine. Now (since December 2015) the Congress gave the green light to send weapons and munitions to Ukraine; the “holdup” is due to Obama not wanting to jeopardize the election of Hillary Clinton, as the Russians have stated weapons to Ukraine means war with the U.S. and NATO. 
Meanwhile the Varshankya-class stealth subs are deploying into the Black Sea as the Russian fleet is moving toward Syria. The Russian and Syrian armies continue to bomb and attack the al-Nusra/Jabhat Fatah ash-Sham fighters emplaced in the city of Aleppo. The mainstream media, meanwhile, is faltering in its attempt to create a “sacred U.S.-coalition crusade” to “free the city of Mosul,” as the offensive is not working quite as planned. There are also reports that the U.S. government has plans to “navigate” Islamic terrorists from Mosul into Syria, to cause more problems for Assad and the Russians; the mainstream media is notoriously silent on the collateral damages being caused by the U.S.-led Mosul attacks, in which U.S. aircraft are supporting with bombing missions. 
Let’s be clear on this: The U.S. is beefing up conventional forces of American troops into Eastern Europe and convincing NATO countries to augment these deployments with soldiers and equipment. The Russians have been responding with opposing counter-deployments to offset the U.S.-NATO movements. The aggressive stance is being taken by the U.S.-NATO-IMF hegemony in its military buildup in Eastern Europe and the Baltic States, the very “backyard” of Russia. The bottom line: the stage is being set to start WWIII on the slightest provocation. 
The domestic perspective yields that just a few weeks after the ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) transfer from U.S. control to (basically) the UN on October 1, 2016, the U.S. has had a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack from hackers on October 21, 2016 affecting the east and west coast of the U.S. as well as Texas and part of Europe. Just one week before, on October 13, 2016   just “in case” some “space weather anomaly” were to cripple the power grid and electrical infrastructure of the United States. Something even worse that happened may really tie into this. 
Last week it was reported by the U.S. Army that Major General John Rossi had committed suicide . Rossi had been slated to take over as the Commander of U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, and the Army Forces Strategic Command. General Rossi was about to complete 33 years of service and was only 55 years old. He was “found” at Redstone Arsenal, and the Army just ruled it a suicide. The Daily Mail on dailymail.co.uk reported that a U.S. government official told USA Today: “It seemed that Rossi was overwhelmed by his responsibilities” as a potential reason for his suicide. The problem is, he committed suicide on July 31, 2016…and it’s taken two months for the Army to rule it as being a suicide? 
With the command assignment, Rossi would have been privy to every procedure and protocol to defend the United States against an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) attack or an EMP (electromagnetic pulse) attack or event. He would know everything from the “top” down: that is, the Commander-in-Chief (Obama) would have to foster a one-on-one relationship with the man who would hold the key post to defending against a foreign missile attack. Maybe this time the missile would not have been foreign, or if it was? It may not have been the leader of a foreign country to direct it against the United States. 
It is almost impossible to believe that a Major General of the United States Army just receiving a top command post, a 55-year-old soldier…a general officer…with 33 years of service, a wife, and a loving family would “off” himself because of being “overwhelmed by responsibility.” Men such as Rossi (the highest-ranking member of the military to do such a thing) do not shirk responsibility: they meet it, head on. The whole thing stinks of a purge , in the manner that the entire military of the United States has been purged of hundreds of senior General Staff officers, Admiralty, and Senior Noncommissioned Officers…replaced by “yes” men over the course of Obama’s term. 
The whole thing stinks of an assassination : no suicide note, no real press coverage, and nothing from his friends, family, or fellow soldiers. This occurs, and then Obama signs his Executive Order to “protect” us from the dreaded space anomaly that will take down our infrastructure. Could this have possibly been a suicide? Think of all of the heartache and grief his family is going through with his loss. What about the benefits and retirement that his family would lose with such an act? If he really committed suicide, then it was probably because he found out about something so heinous, so vile that would occur to the U.S. that he couldn’t live with it and probably couldn’t stop it. 
Bottom line: Was he terminated when he wouldn’t go along with a false flag EMP-plan conceived by Obama to take down our grid, cripple our response time, and set the stage for martial law and the suspension of all rights under the Constitution of the United States? 
As I have mentioned in the past, I repeat once again: 
The next war will be initiated by an EMP device detonated above the continental United States followed by a limited nuclear exchange and then conventional warfare. 
I never said that it wouldn’t be Obama who initiated the EMP device, and in all probability if he doesn’t initiate it…he’ll either provoke it, allow it, or request it. We haven’t even mentioned the voting (early voting) taking place where fraud is occurring in Maryland, Virginia, Illinois, and Florida, among others. The illusion of the vote: the joke of the year, but the joke is on us. 
And Obama is the joker, setting the stage for the transfer of power. That transfer is not going to occur with the losing candidate (in either case) going gently into that good night. The stage is set for a war to begin. The stage is set for a false flag operation to take down our grid. The stage is set to steal the election for Clinton or declare it null and void. Within the next few weeks, the future of the United States will be decided…with or without the consent of the governed.",0
5560,Claims of Child Sexual Abuse in English Soccer Grow - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   At least 350 people have come forward to report abuse at the hands of youth soccer coaches in Britain over the past two weeks, the police said Thursday, deepening a child sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed English soccer. The scandal emerged last month after at least six former professional players publicly said they had been molested as boys in youth programs. The head of the English soccer players’ union last week said at least 20 more former players had come forward, many of them privately. The National Police Chiefs’ Council on Thursday said police forces had received a “significant” amount of calls since those first public revelations, and a children’s charity for victims of abuse said a new telephone help line it had set up had received 860 calls in its first week, 60 of which were referred to the police or to social services. The 350 figure cited by the National Police Chiefs’ Council is based on existing investigations as well as the referrals from the help line, officials said. At that size, the scale of the accusations may be even greater than those involving the British television celebrity Jimmy Savile, who, after his death, was found to have sexually abused 72 people, including children. Referrals made to the police through calls to the soccer charity help line are more than three times as many as those made in the Savile case, according to the charity, the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Peter Wanless, the charity’s chief executive, said the number of soccer players speaking out had caught the entire nation’s attention. “We have had a staggering surge in calls to our football hotline, which reveals the worrying extent of abuse that had been going on within the sport,” he said in a statement. David Eatock, 40, a former Newcastle United player, became the latest to speak out, telling the BBC on Thursday that he had been groomed between 18 and 21 by the coach George Ormond, who was convicted in 2002 of assaulting seven boys. Sixteen police forces across Britain are investigating accusations of past and present sexual abuse in soccer, and several clubs are conducting their own investigations. The London team Chelsea confirmed Tuesday that it had hired a law firm to investigate “an individual employed by the club in the 1970s who is now deceased. ” The Football Association, the body that governs soccer in England, which had stayed largely silent when the initial accusations were made, is conducting its own investigation. It has appointed Kate Gallafent, a lawyer with experience in sexual abuse cases, to oversee it. A number of clubs, including Newcastle United, Manchester City and Leeds United, have said they will help the police with their investigations. The scandal grew out of an interview with Andy Woodward, a former player with the   Crewe Alexandra, that was published by The Guardian on Nov. 16. In the article, Woodward said he had been sexually abused by a former coach, Barry Bennell. Bennell worked as a scout and coach for a number of clubs, including Crewe, across England’s North West during the 1980s. Woodward, now 43, said the abuse began when he was 11 and was invited to stay at Bennell’s house. He said Bennell had silenced him during the years of abuse with threats of further violence and of undermining his prospective soccer career. Woodward said Crewe had failed in its “duty to protect” those children under its care. Four more former players have since said they had been victims of Bennell. This week, Bennell was charged with eight counts of child sexual assault for offenses committed between 1981 and 1985.",0
5561,THIS Is What It Means If You Have Two Dimples On Your Back,"posted by Eddie Whether you have back dimples, or not, you have to admit that they are quite an interesting characteristic. These back dimples are also called the ‘dimples of Venus’, and are more commonly found on women. Theses dimples of Venus, officially named Lateral Lumbar indentations, are caused by ligaments pulling under the skin of your back and creating indentations. One of the most intriguing things about this trait is that it can reveal certain things about your health and even yourself. In addition to being aesthetically pleasing, there is some research that claims women with these back dimples can reach climax more easily during intimate activities. There isn’t a lot of scientific evidence that supports the claim, but it is explained by the unique shape and placement of your pelvis and your backbone. The way your muscles and bones are positioned in your body can help improve circulation, which could increase your chances of a release. While there needs to be more research done before any of these claims can be confirmed, at this moment there seem to be no possible risks or health problems associated with having these back dimples. Additionally, back dimples come in all different shapes and sizes. Their appearance varies greatly from person to person depending on their weight, body shape, and athletic ability. It is also unlikely for men to have these back dimples. However, if you do have back dimples, they can be enhanced by doing certain exercises focused on engaging your lower back and core muscles, which will be good for the overall health of your body, and perfect for making your back dimples more noticeable. You could even get piercings on each of them if you’re really wanting to show them off. source:",0
5562,Rosie O’Donnell Leaving The Country for Good… She’s Never Coming Back,"ago 0 
Remember a few months ago when liberals thought there was no way Donald Trump would ever take the presidency? Remember when, in their arrogance, many celebrities promised to leave the country if he was ever elected? Looks like it’s time to start packing! 
The list of celebrities that were supposedly set to lose after this election include liberal comedians like Jon Stewart and Amy Schumer. Stewart spent the majority of the election season calling Trump and his supporters racists, sexists, and bigots. “I would consider getting in a rocket and going to another planet because clearly this planet’s gone bonkers,” he said in an interview with People magazine. 
The list also includes the ever-peachy Lena Dunham, who promised to stand by her threat no matter what. 
“I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this, but I really will,” Dunham said in April at an awards ceremony. “I know a lovely place in Vancouver, and I can get my work done from there.” 
Below is a list of at least 23 celebrities who promised to leave if Trump won the election: 
• Comedian Jon Stewart ",0
5563,NINE Federal Informants (Or Agents Provocateur) Took Part in Bundy Occupation, ,0
5564,Larry Summers: Paper By Trump Officials Navarro and Ross ’Economic Equivalent of Creationism’ - Breitbart,"During a Tuesday interview with Bloomberg, Harvard Professor and former Clinton Treasury Secretary Larry Summers criticized a paper written by Trump economic officials Peter Navarro and Wilbur Ross as “well beyond voodoo economics. ”  Summers said the transition to a new administration is a matter “of enormous uncertainty, and I don’t think that’s fully recognized by markets. ” Summers also criticized a paper written by White House National Trade Council head Peter Navarro and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross as “well beyond voodoo economics. ” And, “The logic of it, the arguments made, are so far out of the mainstream of any kind of responsible economic thinking that they’re the economic equivalent of creationism. ” He also compared the paper to scientists who don’t believe in global warming. (  Business Insider) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
5565,"Turkey Bombs U.S.-Supported Kurds in Syria, at Least 18 Killed","Early Tuesday morning, a wave of Turkish airstrikes reportedly struck a headquarters building used by the Kurdish YPG militia in northeastern Syria. The   Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 18 YPG fighters and media officials were killed in the attack. [Turkey also conducted airstrikes in the Sinjar region of Iraq, ostensibly aimed at the militant Kurdish separatists of the PKK. However, Kurdish Peshmerga forces in Iraq  —   another key U. S. military ally against the Islamic State  —   also said the Turks hit their positions, killing five of their troops.  The YPG released a statement saying its headquarters in Mount Karachok near the   border was hit by Turkish planes, damaging a media center, radio broadcast facilities, and military installations. The YPG described Turkey’s attack as “treacherous” and “barbaric” and even accused the Turks of attempting to undermine the planned offensive against Raqqa, the Syrian capital of the Islamic State. Critics of Turkey have accused it of tacitly supporting ISIS against the regime of Bashar Assad in Syria and of covertly profiting from trade with the Islamic State. Syrian Kurdish leader Salih Muslim asked the United States to defend them against further Turkish strikes. “A people that is fighting terrorism is being stabbed in the back. Coalition forces must not remain silent against this. No one should accept these attacks,” Muslim said. The Turkish military said these airstrikes were intended to stop the PKK from smuggling weapons into Turkey. A statement from the military described the targets as “terrorists” and “terror hubs. ” According to the Turkish military, 70 militants were killed in the airstrikes. The PKK recently claimed responsibility for a bomb attack on a police compound in southeastern Turkey that killed three people. The attackers dug a tunnel beneath the compound to plant what they described as “more than 2. 5 tonnes of explosives. ” Turkey accuses other Kurdish forces, particularly the YPG in Syria, of being in league with the PKK. The PKK does have a presence in the Sinjar region, in part because it came to the aid of the Yazidi minority when ISIS tried to exterminate them. The PKK has been training and arming Yazidis to fight the Islamic State and has said it will not withdraw from Sinjar until Yazidi forces control the area. The Kurdish administration has been urging Yazidis to join the Peshmerga and other militia units instead of the PKK. Peshmerga commanders have asked the PKK to withdraw from the area. This is a difficult conflict for the United States to negotiate. On the one hand, Turkey is a NATO member and an important regional ally the U. S. is nervous about alienating. The U. S. classifies the PKK as a terrorist organization, just as Turkey does. On the other hand, the Peshmerga and YPG are crucial American battlefield allies against the Islamic State. The Peshmerga and YPG have also clashed among themselves, even while both cooperate with the United States. American military officials reportedly visited the Mount Karachok region by helicopter on Tuesday to assess the damage from Turkey’s airstrikes. Turkey’s Daily Sabah, which has a   bent, began its report on the visit by    stating the YPG is an “offshoot” of the PKK terrorist group and said banners depicting jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan can be seen in the background of photos that showed U. S. officials walking with YPG representatives. The U. S.  coalition in Iraq and Syria issued a statement encouraging all forces in the region to “concentrate their efforts on ISIS and not toward objectives that may cause the Coalition to divert energy and resources away from the defeat of ISIS in Iraq and Syria. ” The Iraqi Foreign Ministry denounced Turkey’s strikes as a violation of its sovereignty, warned that a larger Turkish   military incursion would “destabilize northern Iraq,” and asked the international community to block further “interference” by Turkey.",0
5566,"The Name of Rose, an Arkansas Thriller: Clintons' Corrupt Rise to Power","The New Republic Mon, 04 Apr 1994 13:56 UTC You see a girl walking down the street. You can say, ""There goes a beautiful girl"" or ""There goes a whore."" What the hell's the difference? They've both got legs. ~ Jon E.M. Jacoby, executive vice president of Stephens Inc., explaining the Arkansas system of politics and finance as it reached perfection during the Clinton years Part 1 © Unknown In Arkansas, the latest backstairs of the national political system, you hear a lot of things. Concerning Whitewater, for example, you are constantly-- and probably correctly--reminded that the dustup involves nothing but a typical loony tunes savings & loans deal from the 1980s, despite the august personages involved and their perplexing insistence on behaving like refugees from a Raymond Chandler novel. In Arkansas memories are long, political rascality is king of regional sports and rumor and truth tend to commingle until otherwise reasonable people are driven slightly bonkers trying to sort out one from the other. In Little Rock the whole Whitewater affair is regarded as something of a hoot--the Yankee carpetbagger press, with the reality of Arkansas staring it in the face, has gone and missed the real story again. But if Whitewater was nothing but a minor peccadillo that the press has glommed onto because it thinks it understands it--and compared with the private financial shenanigans of Arizona Governor Fife Symington, Whitewater resembles a misdeed along the lines of crossing the street against the light-- why, then, has the Clinton administration so frantically placed its back to the door, as though a peek beyond would reveal grandpa tied to a chair, surrounded by his looted bank books? In Arkansas the answer to this question eerily resembles the epitaph on the tombstone of Sir Christopher Wren: if you would see Clinton's monument, look around. When it comes to Bill Clinton's home state, the national press has repeatedly looked, seen everything and observed next to nothing (the honorable, largely ignored exception being the Los Angeles Times ). Visiting Little Rock in search of atmosphere during the presidential campaign, reporter after reporter dutifully described the imposing Stephens Building, the elegant Capitol Hotel, the Worthen Bank tower and the headquarters of Arkla Petroleum, future White House Chief of Staff Mack McLarty's gas company, without realizing that all of these things were either owned, controlled or under the influence of a single, immensely powerful family: the Stephenses . By a happy chance, the family is also the stellar client of Hillary Rodham Clinton's old employer, the Rose Law Firm . Although it usually served as a hired gun with a conveniently blind eye, Rose proves to be a handy prism for observing a Gothic, sometimes darkly humorous tale of bonds, banks, a friendly cocaine distributor, sinister Pakistanis, shadowy Indonesians and the uses to which an agreeable state government can be put. The story is in fact three connected stories, combined in a typically Southern saga: Stephens Inc. and the Worthen Bank Corporation; the Rose Law Firm itself; and the Arkansas bond business, which, like most bond businesses, is extremely difficult for the well-educated layman to understand, thus making it an excellent place to hide things in plain sight. Central to the story is a pair of siblings named Witt and Jackson Stephens. Part 2 In one sense, nothing unusual occurred in Arkansas during the 1980s: tales of high jinks in high places have always figured prominently in American discourse, and some of the most colorful stories--a number of them actually true--have come out of the Bubba Belt of the South and Southwest, whose geographical heart happens to be occupied by Arkansas. But Arkansas is rendered sui generis by the presence of the only major investment bank not headquartered on Wall Street, Stephens Inc. of Little Rock, which does much to explain some of the arresting peculiarities of a state that is more than a little strange even when judged by the spacious standards of its region. For one thing, although Arkansas is the home to some of the nation's wealthiest families, it is one of the poorest states in the country , although there is no reason for it to be poor at all. Abundantly endowed with minerals, petroleum, timber and some of the most fertile agricultural land on the surface of the planet, it bears a close resemblance to a Third World country, with a ruling oligarchy , a small and relatively powerless middle class and a disfranchised, leaderless populace admired for its colorful folkways, deplored for its propensity to violence (on a per capita basis, Little Rock has one of the highest murder rates in the nation) and appreciated for its willingness to do just about any kind of work for just about any kind of wage. In the words of one local wag, the farther you get from Arkansas, the better the Stephens boys look. Indeed, the family's sanitized, Horatio Alger- like biographies have been featured, accompanied by a remarkable lack of examination, in publications as various as Forbes and Golf Digest . The dynasty's founder, Witt Stephens, together with his younger brother by sixteen years, Jackson, grew up on a hardscrabble farm near the town of Prattsville, the sons of a small-time speculator in oil stocks and sometime state legislator, A.J. Stephens, who remained a power in state Democratic politics until the end of his life. An eighth-grade dropout, Witt first made his living by peddling Bibles and belt buckles before he discovered a pair of bonanzas in undervalued, Depression-era municipal bonds and the natural gas with which Arkansas is so richly endowed. Meanwhile, Jackson briefly served as a page with his father in the state legislature and went on to become a classmate of future president Jimmy Carter at the Naval Academy, a circumstance that would later serve the family's fortunes well while causing a disaster of still unmeasured magnitude in the American banking system. After World War II the brothers joined forces at Stephens Inc. in Little Rock, with Witt--or Mr. Witt, as he came to be known--serving as the company's colorful, cigar-chomping and aphoristic face to the world (or as much of the world as paid attention) while the taciturn Jack toiled away in the back office, revealing a golden touch at investment strategy. These things are relative, of course; by the time Witt (who died in 1992 at the age of 83) handed over the reins to Jack in 1957, while retaining his petroleum interests and serving as the presiding genius of the firm, Stephens Inc. was worth a beggarly $7.5 million. But in the Arkansas of 1957, a financial institution with $7.5 million had the money and the clout to do a number of things--including purchase a governor. Witt, like his father before him, was a staunch hereditary Democrat, a supporter and friend of such Arkansas luminaries as Senator William Fulbright. He was also a great patron of the infamous, six-term Orval Faubus--not, apparently, because of the governor's segregationist policies (to the family's credit, Jack Stephens, a trustee of the University of Arkansas since 1948, had successfully lent his voice to the cause of integrating the institution), but because Faubus was sound on the subject of natural gas, a subject dear to the Stephens' heart. As the family's fortune continued to wax after the Faubus years, it became an axiom of Arkansas politics that someone could occasionally become governor without permission from Stephens headquarters, but the politician was unlikely to remain governor for very long unless he paid close attention to the care and feeding of the brothers-- the great exception to the rule being two-term Republican Winthrop Rockefeller, the beneficiary, representative and broken reed of an even vaster American fortune, who became the failed hope of Arkansas liberalism. Decades later, when the self-effacing Jack became chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club in Georgia, naive visitors were quickly enlightened on the subject of how a man so shy could assume a post so prominent in the sport of the moneyed and the gently bred. ""Jackson Stephens?"" it was explained. ""He's the man who owns Arkansas."" It was with Jackson Stephens at the helm that Stephens Inc. propelled itself into the stratosphere of the American financial plutocracy, making a bewildering variety of investments in enterprises as various as real estate, hazardous waste incineration, data processing, nursing homes, trucking and airplane maintenance, while simultaneously diversifying into the business of underwriting issues of common stock. In its new role, the firm called on the services of young C. Joseph Giroir, the only trained securities lawyer in the state, and his paralyzingly respectable firm, Rose. The securities business, in turn, led to a chain of peculiar events beginning in 1977 (the year, it so happened, that Bill Clinton became Arkansas attorney general and that Rose hired his wife). That year, no less a figure than T. Bertram Lance appeared on the corporate doorstep of his old friend's classmate, bringing with him a load of troubles and a glittering opportunity. Lance was compelled to resign as head of Jimmy Carter's Office of Management and Budget because of his long history of questionable financial practices in Georgia. As a result of that history, he was also beset by a negative net worth, substantial loans from banks in Chicago and New York and a large stockholding in the National Bank of Georgia. Sadly for Lance the price of the bank stock was depressed and its sale on the open market could not rescue him from the specter of bankruptcy, which was the dilemma Stephens Inc. was invited to solve. A solution was soon found in the form of the now notorious Bank of Commerce and Credit International (BCCI) , although whether Lance introduced Stephens to the Pakistani-run scam or vice versa is a matter of some debate. Beyond dispute, however, is the fact that the comptroller of the currency, the nation's principal regulator of commercial banks, had clearly stated that BCCI was never to enter the American banking system under any circumstances. Oddly, this unambiguous order did nothing to prevent Stephens Inc. from solving Lance's problems while settling a small score of its own. The National Bank of Georgia was controlled by a holding company called Financial General, one of the few entities in the country allowed to engage in interstate banking under the laws of the time. The Stephens interests controlled slightly less than 5 percent of Financial General and the investment had soured, partly because Financial General refused to hire the family's data processing company. It was, Stephens soon persuaded BCCI, just the sort of investment BCCI was looking for, the comptroller's edict notwithstanding. Comment: BCCI was pretty much the global (not 'Pakistani') financial instrument that got the Western 'war on terror' up and running, funneling weapons to terrorists via payments of hard drugs, prostitutes and cash. In short order, Stephens launched Lance on the path to renewed solvency, assembled blocks of stock for purchase by the front men who would conceal BCCI's identity, effected an introduction to the subsequently disgraced Democratic wise man Clark Clifford, turned a small but tidy profit on the sale of its own shares, pocketed fees of at least $95,000--and, in return for a sum that in Stephens terms amounted to chump change, set in motion the process that would give BCCI its long-sought beachhead in the American financial community. When subsequently confronted with its BCCI involvement by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Stephens Inc. neither admitted nor denied the sec's findings but promised to go and sin no more. But BCCI was not the only exotic party attracted by Lance's bank holdings. Also appearing on the scene was Mochtar Riady, one of the wealthiest men in Indonesia, with far-ranging interests and a known connection to his country's dictator, General Suharto . When someone went into business with Riady, there was also the possibility that they were in business with the general, a fairly decent chap by dictatorial standards (he had begun his reign with the slaughter of 200,000 supposed Communists, a feat he had not found necessary to duplicate except on the island of Timor) but a tyrant nonetheless. Stephens Inc., which appeared to be uninterested in the true activities of BCCI, exhibited a similar indifference when it came to Riady. Moreover, the Stephens people did not appear to be the least bit curious about the business endeavors of the distinguished former statesman who effected the introduction between Jakarta and Little Rock. This was Robert B. Anderson. Formerly a secretary of the treasury in the Eisenhower administration, Anderson had carried out diplomatic assignments for President Lyndon Johnson in the Middle East and had served as President Richard Nixon's chief negotiator in the Panama Canal talks before opening an offshore bank--Commercial and Trade Bank and Trust Ltd. on Anguilla--that catered to people who needed to launder money, evade taxes, or both. Jack Stephens had willingly presided over the handoff of a big hunk of an American bank to a bunch of Pakistani thugs, but he was not willing to let Riady go so easily. ""He wanted to buy into an American bank, an idea I was not enthusiastic about,"" Stephens told an interviewer some years later, perhaps making an unconscious semantic distinction. He'd seen nothing wrong with selling BCCI an American bank--they even named it First American--but he and Riady soon began planning an entirely new kind of Arkansas bank holding company, for which they required the services of Giroir and his expertise in securities law. But they also needed something that increasingly became a hallmark of the Rose firm: a willingness to perpetrate a subtle conflict of interest. Founded in 1820, well before Arkansas became a state, Rose is one of the oldest surviving law firms west of the Mississippi, one of the most competent and one of the most quietly influential. Often, in looking at the state government of Arkansas, the Rose firm and the Stephens interests, it is hard to escape the impression that one is looking at a single entity, rather along the lines of NATO. The law partnership takes its curious name from U.M. Rose, a talented attorney who dominated the firm from the mid-1860s to the end of the century, was one of the founders of the American Bar Association and is one of two Arkansans whose statues adorn the Capitol in Washington. Over the years Rose has provided Arkansas with numerous legislators and justices of the state supreme court. In 1957, when the modern civil rights era was born in Governor Faubus's refusal to integrate Little Rock's Central High, it was a Rose lawyer who acted as lead counsel to the school board. (Rose still has no black partners.) And from 1975 until 1988 the firm enjoyed a spectacular run--growing from seventeen lawyers to fifty-three--under the leadership of the dapper and charming Giroir, the first and only chairman in the history of Rose, who deeply entwined the partnership and his personal destiny in the affairs of the Stephens family's empire. During the Clinton administration, the history of the Rose firm could be divided into two periods: the Giroir years, and the shorter period, from 1987 to 1992, when the firm claimed to be a democracy, voting on its future rather than blindly following a single, charismatic leader. This democracy, however, was publicly dominated by three partners: the amiable Webster Hubbell, who was until a few days ago associate attorney general; the quiet Vincent Foster, who was deputy White House counsel until his suicide last summer; and Hillary Rodham Clinton, who as of press time is still First Lady. The firm's sea change, which generated a certain amount of hoopla from the legal press, was more apparent than real. Under the surface, Rose was much the same as always, doing good for its friends and clients while doing well for itself, but much more silently. In his years as Rose's chief, Giroir conspicuously chaired a group drawn from the state's so-called Good Suit Club. The club successfully lobbied the legislature to change the state usury law, which made owning an Arkansas commercial bank a much more attractive proposition. It also was active in convincing the state's lawmakers to revise the law restricting the formation of bank holding companies, which enabled Giroir, Riady and Stephens to make a substantial and potentially lucrative investment. On his own, Giroir had purchased control of four Arkansas banks. He sold all four--including the second-largest bank in the city of Pine Bluff--to Worthen Banking Corporation, the new holding company Riady and Stephens had been able to set up after state law, with Giroir's help, had been made more congenial to such things. For his part in the deal, Giroir was compensated with $53,760,294 in cash, stock and assumed debt. He also became a major stockholder of Worthen (named after the venerable and very large Little Rock bank that was the pride of the Stephens commercial banking empire) and a powerful member of its board. He received further income by renting property to the company, and he pocketed an additional $2.1 million when he sold part of his stockholdings to a company affiliated with Riady's son James (who was also Worthen's co-president). More important, he managed to create a whole new client for his firm; Rose became Worthen's principal outside counsel. These things are complicated, dull and dry, which is an excellent form of concealment, but consider the sequence of events. With the stroke of a pen and without a visible second thought, then-Governor Bill Clinton, following his traumatic period as a voter-rejected civilian between 1980 and 1982, gave life to two pieces of legislation inspired by his wife's boss--revising the usury laws and permitting the formation of new banking holding companies. In a state as small as Arkansas, where everybody of importance knows everybody else, it seems impossible that Governor Clinton could not have known that the relevant legislation would be of immense personal benefit to the boss in question, the state's most powerful family and an Indonesian investor whose presence in Arkansas seemed to be regarded as the most natural thing in the world. Last and not incidentally, the governor, by permitting the creation of the Worthen Bank Corporation, had arranged a new payday for the Clinton family through the windfall in legal fees provided to the Rose firm (Hillary Rodham Clinton, partner). When the compensation of the firm's partners was computed, Rodham Clinton has insisted, she specifically exempted herself from receiving a share of Rose's business with the state. But although Worthen could not have been brought to life without the help of her husband's government, it was not a government agency. Rodham Clinton was therefore not excluded from a partner's share of its fees. More important, Worthen also became a major depository of the state's tax receipts. Nothing unusual here; governments frequently park their undeployed funds with large private banking institutions until they decide what to do with the money. But the results soon proved to be imprudent under the most charitable interpretation of the word. In 1985 Worthen Bank managed to lose $52 million of Arkansas state taxpayers' money in a purchase of government securities from a New Jersey brokerage with a questionable past and no future whatever; several of its principals ended up in jail for fraud. With its capital wiped out in a single stroke and a seizure by federal regulators imminent, Worthen was swiftly rescued with a $30 million cash infusion from its major stockholders, in the form of a loan that paid the Stephens partners a handsome 10 percent--together with additional funds from Stephens Inc., which pocketed a $3.2 million fee for its trouble. (The risk, in true Stephens fashion, was not great. Two-thirds of the funds were swiftly replaced by Worthen's insurance company, which made Stephens Inc.'s noble rescue of the bank--and of a big hunk of the Arkansas treasury--an almost surefire, profitable investment.) Also conspicuous during the complex negotiations were Joe Giroir and his partner Webb Hubbell, appearing in their capacity as members of Rose. Two questions surround this incident. First, how could Worthen have allowed the state to make such an obviously tainted investment via the New Jersey brokerage firm? Second, and more important, why did nobody in Arkansas appear before the bar of justice? The New Jersey firm was a direct lineal descendent of a peculiar regional phenomenon: the world of so-called bond daddies. The bond-daddy racket, long centered in Memphis but with many of its members drawn from Arkansas, specialized in selling questionable government securities to gullible investors, principally small banks with little financial sophistication. Here is where the oddity begins, at least as it concerns Worthen. The Stephens brothers, if not Giroir and Riady, were intimately familiar with the black arts of finance. They were also experts in the government bond market. Moreover, at least one of the principals in the New Jersey brokerage of Bevill, Bresler & Schulman Inc. (which executed the transaction for Worthen and the state of Arkansas) was well-known in the region. Bevill's operations had all the earmarks of a standard bond- daddy scam, and yet Worthen committed $52 million anyway. (At the bank, the official explanation was that co-president Jim Jett acted naively, on his own and without the supervision of his principal stockholders, which is possible but not entirely plausible, since Giroir, who represented the Stephenses, sat on the board.) Consider a virtually identical event at the same time in Ohio, in which a savings bank controlled by Marvin Warner, Jimmy Carter's ambassador to Switzerland, invested in the same kind of fraudulent securities, destroyed itself, ignited a statewide financial panic and caused Governor Richard Celeste to declare the first Ohio bank holiday since the Great Depression. A number of the responsible parties, including Warner, found themselves behind bars, some for a very long time. Why? Under long established Anglo-American law, an officer or director of a bank is governed by the ""prudent man"" rule, which states that he is personally responsible for the financial and legal consequences of his acts. In Arkansas, where the prudent man rule seems to have been suspended, a number of people were fired, but the Clinton government hauled precisely no one into court on criminal charges. Once again in Clinton's Arkansas, the law seemed to be different than it was in the rest of the United States--which makes certain Arkansans smile in knowing amusement over the fact that Bill Clinton now happens to be running the United States . Part 3 The near failure of Worthen in 1985, like the arrival of BCCI, proved to be another pivotal event in recent Arkansas history: Stephens, Worthen, Rose and the Clintons remained at the center of the stage, but the cast of supporting players began to change. A former Stephens executive named Ray Bradbury, who had been deeply involved in the bcci negotiations--hardly a job qualification, one would think--took the helm at Worthen, where he discovered that the bank was also stuffed with bad real estate loans. Meanwhile, federal regulators learned that the bank had made an excessive number of insider loans, particularly to the Riadys, although what happened next is, as usual, a matter of mutually exclusive explanations. Knowledgeable observers in Little Rock and elsewhere say that the Riadys were slowly forced out of the bank by the federal government; at Worthen, the official version says that the Riadys disengaged because it was clear the troubled bank could not be a major force in international finance. In any event, the Riadys soon departed. The role of Joe Giroir also underwent a change. As a principal owner of Worthen, he was charged with securities fraud in a shareholder suit; he was also sued by Worthen itself for taking illegal ""short-swing"" profits when he sold stock to the Riady affiliate. Not only did Giroir lose his board position and partial ownership of the bank--with Giroir and Riady out of the picture, the Stephenses gradually increased their stockholding to more than 40 percent, while stoutly denying they controlled the place--but, following Giroir's disgrace in 1988, Rose lost Worthen as a client that had once paid the firm hundreds of thousands of dollars per year. As for Giroir, his troubles were far from over. In 1986 he was revealed to be a shareholder in and a substantial borrower from a Pine Bluff thrift called FirstSouth, the first billion-dollar savings & loan failure in the country . Comment: Isn't that curious; the first S&L bust happened under the Clintons' watch. Before the dust had cleared, the head of FirstSouth had gone to jail together with a former president of the Arkansas Bar Association, and Giroir had sued the federal regulators while the federal regulators were suing him, putting a considerable crimp in the plans of his partners, Hubbell and Foster, to create a lucrative practice in the cleanup of the s&l crisis. (At failed s&ls, the fees for firms like Rose could be enormous. According to one frustrated federal investigator, private lawyers in Dallas were making $500,000 per month from the thrift catastrophe, more than the total annual budget for the federal cleanup effort in the entire state of Texas--and in Arkansas, where lawyers were cheaper, the damage per capita was among the worst in the country. Somehow, Governor Clinton escaped criticism for this interesting fact.) It was clear that Joe Giroir, who had built the modern Rose Law Firm, was now the partnership's greatest liability--the firm's reputation aside, federal regulators charged that Giroir had used Rose letterhead to give FirstSouth legal advice beneficial to himself; Rose was forced to settle with the Federal s&l Insurance Corporation regulators for a reported half-million dollars--although once again there is a contradictory official version of his abrupt departure. Giroir once claimed that he left the firm voluntarily but will no longer comment on the matter. The Rose firm fell abruptly silent on this and all other subjects following recent allegations that it had shredded its Whitewater files, but its spokesman told American Lawyer in 1992 that Giroir departed in a coup arranged by litigators who were miffed that he and the firm's other rainmakers were paid substantially more than the lawyers who actually did the scut work in court--litigators prominently including Hubbell, Foster and Rodham Clinton, who actually seemed to be engaged in very little legal work at all. With the departure of Giroir, life at Rose became quieter if no less active. The three partners became the firm's public face to the world. The most physically imposing and locally active of these was Hubbell, a six-foot, five- inch giant of a man who had played football for the University of Arkansas, had almost made it into the big time with the Chicago Bears, had served briefly as mayor of Little Rock (when Rose received a significant portion of the city's bond business) and had received an interim appointment as chief justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court from Governor Clinton. (According to a reliable source, Hubbell's father-in-law, Seth Ward, a septuagenarian self-made entrepreneur, once complained that keeping Hubbell in politics cost him $100,000 a year.) The second was Foster, once described as an immaculately brown-suited man in an immaculate brown office, who was regarded as the ""soul"" of a firm that, according to grand jury testimony, shredded volumes of his records the moment an independent federal prosecutor appeared in the vicinity . The last was Rose's first female partner, Rodham Clinton, who occasionally did some lawyering in the intervals when she wasn't working for the Children's Defense Fund, attending to her personal business affairs or serving as the governor's first lady. The three were described to American Lawyer as ""big, big buddies""; Rodham Clinton's office was next door to Hubbell's, and much of her work was actually done by Foster. Comment: Hubbell is very likely the father of Chelsea Clinton. And Foster, another 'lover', was suicided shortly after he followed Killary to the White House. The three also were closely entwined in a curious financial arrangement. This was Mid-life Investors, a partnership set up by E. F. Hutton in 1983. Hubbell, Foster and Rodham Clinton each kicked in $15,000 and named each other--rather than their spouses--as beneficiaries. But although the fund was active at least until 1991, Rodham Clinton reported annual dividends of under twenty dollars from Mid-life Investors, a sum that comes as a surprise to Roy Drew, the financial counselor who supervised the partnership and invested its money in such 1980s takeover candidates as Diamond Shamrock and Firestone Tire. According to Drew, with the likes of Sir James Goldsmith and the Japanese offering huge sums for the stock of Shamrock and Firestone, there was no way Mid-life Investors could have failed to reap substantial profits. Although Rodham Clinton was a litigator--that is, a lawyer whose task is to appear in court, if only to force the other side to settle--and an attorney who was named one of the 100 most influential in the country by the National Law Journal in 1988 and 1991, she was almost never seen in the courtrooms of Little Rock ; some court reporters remember an occasional appearance, and one could not remember having seen her at all. According to a search conducted by American Lawyer , she tried just five cases during her fifteen years at Rose; other published sources say her work revolved around copyright infringement cases involving songwriters and bread companies. But paradoxically, in view of what happened to Giroir, she (like Giroir) received extra compensation for the business she generated from her extracurricular activities, even if she did not work on the cases at all. For example, she was only one of two Rose partners to act as a corporate director, serving at various times on the boards of four companies and earning $64,700 in 1991 from director's fees alone . (Her 1991 salary from Rose was in the vicinity of $110,000; her husband earned $35,000 and got to live in a free house.) She was on the board of Wal-Mart, a Rose client that Stephens had launched on the road to glory . (Rodham Clinton also owned $80,000 worth of Wal-Mart stock.) She served Southern Development Bancorp, a holding company created to give development loans in rural Arkansas, which, according to The Washington Post , paid Rose somewhere between $100,000 and $200,000 in fees. In 1989 she joined the board of TCBY yogurt company, which occupies the tallest building in Little Rock. TCBY then proceeded to pay Rose $750,000 for legal work during the next few years. Last, and puzzlingly, she was a director of Lafarge, a giant French cement company that had no discernible connection to Arkansas except, like Stephens Inc., it was engaged in burning hazardous waste . (As president, Bill Clinton did nothing to stop operation of an Ohio waste incinerator, partly backed at one time by Stephens Inc., despite the fact that it didn't work, had no legal permit and his own vice president had promised that it would never operate until it was thoroughly investigated, which it wasn't.) Comment: That's the same Lafarge recently caught trading with Head-chopper Inc, ISIS: Paris strikes corporate partnership with Lafarge, who secretly sponsored ISIS for profit and has ties to Killary With Rodham Clinton aboard at Rose, the firm's long established connections to the governor's office were made firmer still. Rose, the gold standard of Arkansas law firms, had long enjoyed unusual access to the state's corridors of power. It both advised and did the bidding of the powerful family that acted as the state's shadow government, and during the Clinton years, the Rose Law Firm sometimes behaved as though it were an agency of the state rather than a legal partnership with offices in a converted YMCA. The intimate connection between Rose, Stephens Inc. and the governor's office may help explain how the Stephens family made a vast amount of money when its most visible enterprises were doing no such thing. The investment bank had hit a gusher when it took Wal-Mart public, made a pleasing sum on the stock of Tyson Foods, the nation's largest chicken processor, but otherwise cut no great swath in the stock market. Until recently, Worthen was a disaster area. At least part of the answer for the family's continued prosperity seems to reside in the unusual way Bill Clinton's state dealt with Stephens Inc.'s old specialty, government bonds. Part 4 The crown jewel of Bill Clinton's avowed attempt to create industries and jobs in the state was an unusual entity called the Arkansas Development Finance Authority (ADFA). According to well-established common law, a government-chartered authority is supposed to be an independent body, insulated from the hurly-burly of everyday political life and its temptations. But ADFA, written into law with the help of Webb Hubbell, was no such thing. All ten members of its board were appointed by the governor. Though it was specifically granted the power to issue industrial development bonds, the governor, personally, was required to approve every bond issue. State agencies with the ability to issue industrial bonds are supposed to distribute the money (and thus create jobs and wealth) to companies and individuals who can't receive lines of credit on favorable terms from the usual financial institutions or venture capitalists. On significant occasions, however, ADFA spread its bounty to less than deserving clients. Nor do the peculiarities of this body end here. Although it issued bonds, ADFA did no due diligence--the common practice of engaging an outside financial expert to examine the applicants for the proceeds and determine if they actually need the money and are otherwise worthy recipients. (Due diligence, according to an ADFA spokesman who happens to be the brother-in-law of one of Witt Stephens's daughters, was the responsibility of the purchasers of the bonds under the ancient principle of caveat emptor --a practice that had previously helped the region's bond daddies flourish and had wiped out the capital of the Worthen bank.) While its spokesman is a little fuzzy on the subject, it seems that there was no regular ADFA oversight to ensure that money was being spent according to the original purpose of the loan, although an ADFA employee might occasionally be sent into the field to discover if everything was tickety-boo. It is also somewhat difficult to discover just what ADFA was actually doing. A recent examination of the log kept at ADFA headquarters for the enlightenment of wandering reporters and inquisitive citizens reveals just twenty-five bond issues from 1985 to the present--or twenty-six, if you count the paperwork on a bond issue that was removed in a reporter's presence. Moreover, the log suggests that ADFA was heavily involved in good works with religious orders. But according to the Los Angeles Times ' count of ADFA's activities, the authority released seventy industrial bond issues--according to my count, the number is sixty-five--none of them to religious charities or university hospitals, and most of them missing from the official log. Which begs the question: Just what was ADFA doing with the $719 million it dispensed (or whose dispensation it authorized) as of January 1992? ""ADFA,"" says Larry Nichols, a dismissed authority official, ""was set up by Clinton for Dan Lasater."" Now, it should be borne in mind that Nichols is something of an Arkansas character and, in some circles, a figure of fun. A well-known supporter of the Nicaraguan contras, Nichols was also the person who originally alleged that Clinton had an affair with Gennifer Flowers and four other women, only to destroy his credibility when he retracted his charges in a document remarkable for its abject contrition . But there are those in Arkansas who insist that Nichols is neither entirely a vindictive nut nor the sort of notorious regional liar who has to hire a man to call his own dog. ""You ought to listen to Larry Nichols,"" says a Little Rock political consultant. ""He says a lot of things, but sometimes he tells you something you really need to know."" And, certainly, there is something intriguing about Bill Clinton's relations with Lasater, a man no governor in his right mind would let in the front door. If Dan Lasater was not the largest cocaine user in the state of Arkansas, he was certainly the most conspicuous one. A prosperous Little Rock bond dealer, he was an acquaintance of the Clinton family and a contributor to the governor's political fortunes. Lasater distinguished himself in other ways, too. He served ashtrays full of cocaine at parties in his mansion, stocked cocaine on his corporate jet (a plane used by the Clintons on more than one occasion) and later told the FBI that he had distributed cocaine on more than 180 occasions . ""I shared my success ... in that manner,"" he explained. He was also a patron of Governor Clinton's cocaine-using half-brother, Roger, employing the younger man in his thoroughbred racing stables in Florida and claiming that he gave Roger Clinton $8,000 to pay off debts to drug suppliers . By 1985 it was also known that Lasater was the subject of a police investigation that, even the most uneducated guess would suggest, could end in only one way. But that year, Governor Clinton deemed Lasater worthy of handling a $30.2 million bond issue to modernize the state police radio system, despite the fact that the expenditure would normally be made by an appropriation from the treasury and the fact that Lasater was about to be busted . Nonetheless, Clinton vigorously lobbied the legislature, ignored the wishes of the Stephens family and won the day, giving Lasater & Co. a handsome $750,000 underwriting fee , according to the Los Angeles Times . In 1986 Lasater was sentenced to two and a half years in prison, with Roger Clinton testifying against him at his trial. In 1990 he received a state pardon from Governor Clinton . For whatever it's worth, one of the few people to have access to the office of the late Vincent Foster during the three days it was unsealed following his suicide was White House official Patsy Thomasson, who managed Lasater's business affairs while he was in jail. But in the Clinton system, perfected in Little Rock and now being practiced in Washington, none of these things should be considered a mistake or an aberration. Lasater was not the only strange thing about the Arkansas bond business during the time of Bill Clinton. Whenever a normal state issues bonds, there are many ways for a variety of people to get well on the public nickel. The beneficiary of the proceeds receives a loan at below-market rates. The financial institution that sold the bonds receives underwriting fees. For each bond issue, an outside attorney is engaged to certify that the deal conforms to the law and prepares the documents required by the Internal Revenue Service and the federal treasury. A bank is chosen as trustee for the money, collecting the repayments from the lucky borrowers and making the repayments to the purchasers of the bonds. And the borrower itself almost invariably retains a lawyer. But when one examines the activities of ADFA, a certain pattern emerges concerning at least some of the beneficiaries of Arkansas largess. For example, one of the very first ADFA bond issues provided $2.75 million to POM, a manufacturer of parking meters in Russellville, whose president happened to be Seth Ward II, the brother-in-law of Webb Hubbell. Despite the fact that Hubbell was chairman of the conflicts committee at Rose, he seemed to see nothing amiss in the fact that Rose then collected a fee as adfa's certifying attorney or that he himself served as POM's attorney. Nor did Hubbell seem to see anything unusual in the fact that he was representing the Resolution Trust Corporation in its case against the auditors of Madison Guaranty, despite the fact that his father-in-law, the senior Ward, had not repaid millions in loans from the thrift, or that Ward had received an airplane from Madison in the bargain. Between 1985 and mid-1992 Stephens Inc. was involved in the underwriting and sale of 78 percent of ADFA's housing and industrial bonds, an unsurprising figure considering the firm's familiarity with the market and its clout in the state. Still, considering Stephens's involvement in the authority's affairs, Governor Clinton did not appear to feel that it was ever so slightly wrong to appoint two Stephens associates--a vice president of one of Worthen's banks and a vice president of a chain of nursing homes partly controlled by the Stephens empire--to ADFA's ten-member board. Nor did the man who signed off on every single ADFA bond issue exhibit suspicion when Stephens seemed to be supplementing its brokerage fees by helping itself to ADFA's money in the form of favorable loans. Meanwhile, at least another member of the board, the vice president of Twin Cities Bank, an institution that served as trustee in one of ADFA's tangled deals, appeared to take a similar double-dip. And the governor's wife's law firm was not only receiving a healthy chunk of ADFA's legal business, but Rose apparently found nothing wrong with affiliates of Stephens receiving ADFA money, or with the fact that on not one but two occasions, ADFA issued bonds that benefited the relatives of Rose partners. In 1988 and 1989 ADFA lent a total of $1.37 million to the Pine Bluff Warehouse Company. Rose received $22,321 in legal fees from ADFA. The trustee bank was Worthen's National Bank of Commerce in Pine Bluff, whose vice president sat on the ADFA board and whose chief executive officer was not merely a member of Pine Bluff Warehouse's board but the father of a senior Rose partner, William Kennedy III, now associate White House counsel. Stephens, unsurprisingly, underwrote the bonds. In 1989 ADFA loaned $4.67 million to Arkansas Freightways, whose largest outside stockholder was Stephens Inc. Co-counsel on the bond issue was Rose. The trustee bank's executive vice president was a member of the ADFA board. The underwriter was Stephens. Also in 1989 ADFA tried to loan $83 million to a Texas entrepreneur for the purpose of bailing out Beverly Enterprises, the country's largest operator of nursing homes, 10 percent owned by Stephens, whose vice president sat on the ADFA board, at a time when Beverly's stock was being hammered by the company's persistent losses. A swift and decisive halt to the deal was called by Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark, a rising political star who was expected to be a strong gubernatorial candidate in 1990, and who claimed that a Stephens-Beverly lobbyist had offered him a $100,000 bribe (as campaign contributions, of course) if he would just lay off and let the deal go through. The lobbyist was later cleared by an Arkansas court, but Clark was caught charging personal expenses on his state credit card. His political career in shambles, he was later disbarred. Current reports place him somewhere in the state of Georgia. But these were only the most conspicuously questionable of ADFA's doings, the ones most easily understood by the public and the press. There was also the question of the true extent of Rose's involvement in the authority's bond business. According to the Daily Record , a Little Rock business journal, Rose ranked fourth among the law firms working directly for ADFA, with fees of only $175,000 for the years up to 1991. But not everyone agrees with this assessment. When Frank White, the only man ever to defeat Clinton in a gubernatorial election, tried to repeat the feat in 1986, his campaign claimed that Rose had actually been in on every ADFA deal (for the authority or for the recipient) while Clinton was governor . Unfortunately, the relevant data was assembled under the supervision of White's political consultant, Darrell Glasscock, a former Louisiana state official and a great supporter of the contras ( an occupation that appears to have been an Arkansas cottage industry ). Reached recently by phone, former Governor White, now an officer of Worthen's principal competitor, the First Commercial bank holding company, clearly wishes he had never heard of Glasscock, cheerily questions Glasscock's veracity and pleasantly turns aside any questions about Rose. When a visitor to ADFA asks for the complete documentation on any particular bond issue, he is presented with a thick volume that, if placed on a chair, would allow him to dine with the grown-ups. A small sampling of these volumes reveals an interesting thing: every company examined, including POW, Arkansas Freightways, Pine Bluff Warehouse and Concert Vineyards appears to be eminently creditworthy. These are the sorts of enterprises that could walk in the door of any bank and walk off with any reasonable sum they needed. Why, then--in addition to the mutual back-scratching described above--were they being given loans at below market rates by a desperately poor state with other uses for its money? This question takes added luminosity from the fact that ADFA really didn't work very well. The old Arkansas Industrial Development Commission, started by Orval Faubus, created 90,000 jobs in nine years. And it had no bonding power. After seven years under the Clinton regime and with tens of millions in issued loans, ADFA had created just 2,700 jobs, many at wages significantly below the national standard. This anemic showing obscures the fact that ADFA had yet another purpose: its generosity was returned in the form of campaign contributions for William Jefferson Clinton . According to the Los Angeles Times , in the 1990 race for the governorship, the recipients of ADFA's largess contributed $400,300, nearly one-fifth of the Clinton war chest. They then kicked in with millions more for the presidential race. Outside Arkansas the white-shoe investment bank of Goldman Sachs, which later contributed its co-chairman, Robert Rubin, to President Clinton's inner circle of economic advisers, raised millions for the presidential race and even paid for a substantial hunk of the Democratic National Convention. According to ADFA's incomplete records, Goldman was either the lead or sole underwriter of at least $400 million in ADFA bonds. In addition, two of ADFA's board members were active Clinton fund-raisers, which raises yet another question among many: Wasn't this against the law? For once, the answer is terse and straightforward. Not in Arkansas . Under the Arkansas ethics-in-government act, passed in 1988 and, according to state legislators, either drafted or inspired by Hubbell, state legislators were required to report possible conflicts of interest. Surprisingly, the law specifically exempted the governor and other elected or appointed officials, including officials of state agencies and commissions. Moreover, these officials were not even required to report dealings with entities--such as Rose--that employed their relatives. This was not the only remaining service that Rose had provided to the governance of its state. When the time came to rewrite the state's incorporation laws, it was Rose that drew up the 397-page treatise that formed the basis of the legislation. Well, somebody has to draft a state's legislation, and under Arkansas's unusual ethics law, it was perfectly all right for Rose to do just that. Less clear (if anything in these murky waters can be described as clear) is just why Clinton seemed so eager to assist the Stephens family, which was hardly enamored of the man and kept bankrolling the candidates who ran against him for governor until it experienced a change of heart in 1990. Witt Stephens habitually referred to Clinton as ""that boy."" In a moment of candor his brother Jack once remarked that ""it would be awfully easy for Stephens, if we wanted to be close to a governor, to be close to Bill Clinton."" Nonetheless, the Clinton governorship's assistance to Stephens extended well beyond ADFA. During Clinton's years in Little Rock, the Stephens interests were involved in some 61 percent of the $7 billion of all the state bonds issued in Arkansas . Contrary to state law, Stephens Inc., according to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , was given the underwriting for the state university system without competitive bids from other bond dealers. The Fayetteville campus alone, where the Clintons had once taught law, had $33 million in bonds outstanding. Under Clinton, Stephens devised a plan to rescue the state's troubled student loan authority, in which the authority's bonds would be bought by the state employees' retirement funds. An independent consultant--Roy Drew, the very man who created Mid-life Investors for Hubbell, Foster and Rodham Clinton-- was brought in to examine the deal. Drew thought it was a terrible investment and so did the state's auditor, Julia Hughes Jones. But Drew was dismissed, Jones's budget failed to pass the legislature (the first time ever for an Arkansas state auditor) and she began to receive late-night harassing calls from a collection agency--concerning, ironically, her own daughter's student loan, which was current. In the upshot, the retirement funds bought $100 million of the loan authority's bonds, another $100 million in the bonds of two other state agencies, ADFA was given the task of overseeing the retirement fund's investment policies and Stephens Inc., according to The Philadelphia Inquirer , made $1.8 million. These were very considerable favors to a family that not only bankrolled Clinton's opponents but seemed to despise him as a man. But Bill Clinton's canny instinct that the Stephenses needed to be appeased--rather than ignored--eventually paid off. After Clinton's unexpected loss in the New Hampshire primary, with the campaign coffers bare, the staff paying its bills on their personal credit cards and federal matching funds just beyond reach, the Worthen Bank rescued the candidacy with a prearranged $3.5 million line of credit, selflessly advanced at a lucrative rate of interest. Later, Worthen - whose executives, like many Stephens executives, experienced a spasm of Arkansas patriotism that caused them to reach for their checkbooks - became the Clinton campaign's depository of $55 million in federal campaign funds, which, in effect, was free money. Worthen did not have to pay any interest on this staggering sum, but as long as it was on deposit (and as long as Worthen, with its undistinguished track record in the department of government deposits, managed not to lose it), the bank was free to use it to make itself some money that it got to keep. And when the votes were counted, everybody who wanted to go to Washington got to go to Washington: Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton, president and First Lady; Mack McLarty, White House chief of staff; Vince Foster, deputy White House counsel; Webb Hubbell, associate attorney general; Patsy Thomasson, a White House aide. Jack Stephens, though mentioned as a candidate for secretary of the treasury, had, it now seems safe to say, the good sense to stay home. Oh, and one last thing: when Whitewater special prosecutor Robert Fiske--who once defended Clark Clifford, the famed friend of Jack Stephens's old client, BCCI--arrived in Little Rock, something strange happened. Worthen Bank had a fire. Is this a great country, or what? Comment: Yeah, it's a great country if you love giving free reign to your baser instincts. See also:",0
5567,"Trump Drops False ‘Birther’ Theory, but Floats a New One: Clinton Started It - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump publicly retreated from his “birther” campaign on Friday, tersely acknowledging that President Obama was born in the United States  —   and effectively conceding that the conspiracy theory he had promoted for years was baseless. Mr. Trump made no apology for and took no questions about what had amounted to a    smear of the nation’s first black president. Instead, he claimed, falsely, that questions about Mr. Obama’s citizenship were initially stirred by the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, in her unsuccessful primary contest against Mr. Obama in 2008. Still, Mr. Trump’s brief remarks, tacked on to the end of a campaign appearance with military veterans at his new hotel in downtown Washington, represented a sharp reversal from a position he had publicly maintained, over howls of outrage from all but the   extreme of the political spectrum, since 2011. “President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period,” Mr. Trump said. “Now, we all want to get back to making America strong and great again. ” Earlier Friday, Mr. Trump sought to stoke interest in his eventual statement on his birther views, telling Fox Business that he would save his views for the   event at his hotel because “we have to keep the suspense going. ” Mr. Trump’s embrace of and refusal to disavow the birther issue helped drive his standing among black voters to historically low levels, with some public opinion polls showing him supported by zero percent of  . Given his other racially incendiary statements, Mr. Trump’s aides privately say they fear he will be unable to shake free of charges that he is racist, a label that has stuck to him with deleterious effect, polls show. Mindful that the birther issue could also haunt Mr. Trump in his first debate with Mrs. Clinton, on Sept. 26, his aides tried for several days to put it to rest. But Mr. Trump himself revived the issue late Thursday, declining in an interview with The Washington Post to acknowledge that Mr. Obama was born in Hawaii. In his brief remarks, Mr. Trump leveled the accusation  —   which his supporters have been pressing for weeks  —   that Mrs. Clinton first raised doubts eight years ago about Mr. Obama’s birthplace. “Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy,” Mr. Trump said. “I finished it. ” During the 2008 Democratic contest, a senior strategist for Mrs. Clinton at one point pondered, in an internal memo that was later leaked, the ways in which Mr. Obama’s personal background differed from those of many Americans. But contrary to Mr. Trump’s assertion, neither Mrs. Clinton nor her campaign ever publicly questioned Mr. Obama’s citizenship or birthplace. The topic was such a fringe issue within the Republican Party that in 2011, conservatives, including Ann Coulter, now a vocal Trump supporter, called on Mr. Trump to stop pursuing it. Mr. Trump’s aides, in a statement late Thursday, tried to argue that he had actually “ended” the birther issue. Mr. Trump’s spokesman, Jason Miller, asserted  —   also falsely  —   that Mr. Trump had “obtained” Mr. Obama’s birth certificate the president actually released the   version in 2011. “Mr. Trump did a great service to the president and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised,” Mr. Miller said. Mr. Trump’s remarks on Friday came after Mr. Obama, in a brief exchange with reporters at the White House, again expressed scorn for the subject. “I was pretty confident about where I was born,” he said. “I think most people were as well. My hope would be that the presidential election reflects more serious issues than that. ” Two of Mr. Trump’s top advisers  —   his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, and former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York  —   said in recent days that Mr. Trump had come to believe that Mr. Obama was born in the United States. But Mr. Trump refused to say so. “I’ll answer that question at the right time,” Mr. Trump said in the Washington Post interview. “I just don’t want to answer it yet. ” The Clinton campaign made clear that it would not let Mr. Trump slide on the subject. In a speech to the  Black Women’s Agenda symposium in Washington on Friday  —   before Mr. Trump made his statement  —   Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump owed Mr. Obama and the country an apology. “For five years he has led the birther movement to delegitimize our first black president,” Mrs. Clinton said. “His campaign was founded on this outrageous lie. ” She added, “There is no erasing it in history. ” Representative James E. Clyburn of South Carolina, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, said Mr. Trump was making such pronounced racial attacks that critics had struggled to adjust. “One of things that we are all used to in this business is dog whistles,” Mr. Clyburn said. “But the thing that we are not used to, and I’m finding it very difficult to get used to, are the howls of wolves. These are howls. These are not whistles. ” Mr. Trump must improve his standing with suburban moderates who shrink from backing someone accused of racism. But his remarks on Friday seemed unlikely to make much of a dent. Connie Keys, 54, a    mother in Montclair, N. J. said Mr. Trump still seemed not to accept Mr. Obama as presidential. “He makes it sounds like, ‘I should be thanked, I should be applauded, because I’m the one who finally told the country that the president was born here,’ when in fact the voters decided that for themselves when we elected President Obama twice,” said Ms. Keys, who is white. The birther issue brought Mr. Trump attention and vaulted him to the front of Republican primary polls in 2011 as he considered a White House bid. He claimed, without ever offering evidence, that he had hired investigators, and said they “cannot believe what they’re finding. ” Mr. Obama, frustrated by the degree to which questions about his citizenship were spreading and attention was being diverted from federal budget discussions, released his   birth certificate that April. “We do not have time for this kind of silliness,” he said. Mr. Trump, who was en route to New Hampshire for a political trip at the time, took a victory lap. “I am really honored, frankly, to have played such a big role in hopefully, hopefully, getting rid of this issue,” he told reporters. But he still refused to accept that Mr. Obama’s birth certificate was authentic. “We have to look at it to see if it’s real,” he said. On Friday, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, a frequent critic of Mr. Trump, said he was glad that Mr. Trump “now rejects the crazy idea President Obama wasn’t born in America. ” But he warned that this would not end the discussion. “The problem he’ll have is that he was a leader of this movement,” Mr. Graham said. “I don’t think he did the country a service, himself a service or the party a service by pushing this so hard and so long. ” Democrats seized on Mr. Trump’s remarks as a litmus test for Republican candidates. “He continues to disqualify himself, and yet Republican Senate candidates continue to stand by his side,” said Sadie Weiner, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. She said Republican candidates needed to say “if they think Donald Trump should apologize to the American people for the absurd lies he has spread about President Obama and why they continue to support a campaign that provides a safe harbor for this type of disgusting race baiting. ” Mr. Trump took no questions after his remarks about Mr. Obama. As reporters shouted questions, he smiled and left the room. Not long after, the structure holding up the curtain that had provided a backdrop for his remarks collapsed, sending American flags toppling to the ground. No one was hurt.",0
5568,BREAKING: Hillary’s “Popular Vote” Came From Over 3 Million Votes Cast by NON CITIZENS | EndingFed News Network,"If anyone tries to tell you Hillary won the popular vote, she did not. Besides the “votes counted” vs. “votes cast” fact, there’s the NON-CITIZENS voting. A whopping three million of them. However, we shouldn’t be surprised since both Bill Clinton and Barack Obama told illegals it was A-OK to vote. According to Gregg Philips of votefraud.org, three million illegal aliens voted! This was voters fraud on a massive scale! Hillary is winning the popular vote by about 630,000 votes and there This is voters fraud on an unimaginably massive scale. We have verified more than three million votes cast by non-citizens. 
We are joining . @TrueTheVote to initiate legal action. #unrigged 
— Gregg Phillips (@JumpVote) November 13, 2016 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
5569,Beard trend nature’s response to female waxing. More soon.,"Posted: Nov 16th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
5570,"Van Jones: Trump’s Paris Pullout ’One of the Dumbest Moves in Politics’ History, Nothing-Burger for Base - Breitbart","On Friday’s “Outfront” on CNN, former Obama administration green jobs czar and network contributor Van Jones said President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord was “one of the dumbest moves in politics” history and a “big  ”for his base.  Jones said, “Trump has said basically it took 25 years for 190 countries to come together and now he says he wants to start something on his own. Nobody is saying they want to do that. In fact, what has happened is exsactly what people predicted. He had created the biggest power vacuum on the planet by calling that press conference. And now you see China rushing forward, California rushing forward, and what he’s actually done is give a tremendous gift to his opponents. You see the emerging of what you can call a green growth alliance where cities and states and businesses and tribes and governments are coming together, going around the president of the United States. He gave away power. ” He continued, “The one thing nobody’s talked about is that he also threw his own base under the bus. His rustbelt base needs jobs. Had he doubled down, they could be building wind turbines right now, smart cars right now, smart batteries, solar panels. Instead, he gave all that away to Germany. He not only gave his opponents a huge opportunity he gave his base a big nothing burger when they could have had jobs. It was one of the dumbest moves in politics. It’s going to go down in history. Not just bad for the planet, bad for Donald Trump and his voters. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5571,Teen Swimming off Florida Coast Punched Shark as It Bit Her,"A Kentucky teenager punched a shark as it bit her while she was swimming off the Florida coast Sunday, authorities said. [Caitlyn Taylor of Louisville, 17, was swimming in an area behind a condominium in Destin, Florida, when a shark bit her leg, the   reported.  As the shark bit her, the   teen punched the   shark. The Atherton High School student was in Destin with her school’s softball team for a tournament when the incident occurred. The shark bit her while she was in   water at around 3:39 p. m. according to the Okaloosa County Sheriff’s Office Facebook page. Michele Nicholson, an Okaloosa County Sheriff spokesperson, said the shark tugged on her legs before turning her loose. “She was hitting it with her hand and then it released” its bite, Nicholson said. Taylor suffered six puncture wounds from the shark bite and cuts on her hand and both legs, ABC News reported. Her mother Tracey, told ABC News affiliate KBMT that her daughter had to get “120 to 140 stitches. ” Taylor posted an update on Twitter Sunday evening after the attack, along with a picture of the wounds. “Beyond lucky to be alive and well and thank you to everyone for the support and wishes and I’m going to be okay, love you guys,” she wrote on Twitter. The attack was “only the fourth documented attack off Okaloosa County beaches since 1882,” the Northwest Florida Daily News reported, and the sheriff’s department said authorities are not sure what type of shark attacked Taylor.",0
5572,PressTV-‘Clintons worked with US enemies’,"Interviews The FBI probe was inevitable “because of the metastasizing of the links and the connections that the Clinton Foundation had, most specifically and grievously to Saudi Arabia, to Qatar,” says American analyst Scott Bennett. 
The ongoing federal investigation into the Clinton Foundation was expected because of the Clinton family’s ties with US enemies, says Scott Bennett, a former US Army psychological warfare officer. 
The FBI has been probing possible pay-to-play schemes at the family foundation for over a year now and is “likely” to press charges against it, Fox News reported Wednesday, citing informed officials. 
Bennett told Press TV on Friday that the probe was inevitable “because of the metastasizing of the links and the connections that the Clinton Foundation had, most specifically and grievously to Saudi Arabia, to Qatar,” and many other countries blacklisted by Washington. 
It was revealed on Friday that the Clinton Foundation took a $1 million gift from Qatar during Hillary Clinton’s tenure as the US secretary of state, without her informing the State Department. 
Hillary decided to not inform the department of the transaction, despite signing an ethics agreement with regards to the foundation when she became secretary of state. 
According to the foundation’s website, Qatar has so far given the Clintons a total of between $1 million and $5 million over the years. 
Aside from Qatar, Saudi Arabia has also been one of the Clinton Foundation’s biggest donors. It became known in 2008 that the kingdom had given them between $10 million and $25 million. 
“So those terrorist entities, which have been labeled as the enemies of the United States, have been appearing as Clinton Foundation donors,” Bennett said. 
“That is a serious crime, it is treason, it is corruption, it is bribery of officials,” said the analyst. 
Bennett argued that all the leaks and investigations concerning the Clinton family were coming from “those personnel in the American government who have had enough.” 
“They have stepped up, they have released emails, they have hacked into their own computers and in some cases they have provided it to WikiLeaks,” he added. 
Whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks has released thousands of Hillary’s campaign chairman and top aide John Podesta’s emails since last month, exposing some of the well-kept secrets surrounding the Clinton family and Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House. 
Bennett predicted that the case would “most probably” lead to indictments and some people would be arrested as early as this weekend. Loading ... ",0
5573,"The N.B.A.’s Back-to-Back Problem: ‘Rest? It’s Your Job, Man!’ - The New York Times","Lee Winfield’s teammates can still remember him coming to their homes in his Volkswagen van. It was the signal of the start of another trip for the Buffalo Braves in the early 1970s, back when N. B. A. players flew with the general public, washed their own uniforms and endured   schedules. Before the Braves hit the road, Winfield, a point guard, would traverse the city to collect teammates as he drove to the airport. The Braves often flew Allegheny Airlines, a regional carrier that the players referred to as “Agony Airlines. ” They folded their large frames into coach seats, which was the only option since there was no first class. And getting out of Buffalo was the easy part of a road trip. “By the third game in the third night in the third city, you wouldn’t even know what the score was,” Kenny Charles, a shooting guard, said in a telephone interview. The league has evolved, of course. The new collective bargaining agreement that was tentatively reached last week between the N. B. A. and the National Basketball Players Association calls for a reduction in the number of times that teams play games on consecutive days  —   the dreaded   . Most players will tell you that the    add up to more fatigue and more risk for injury. They have also become a marketing problem for the league, because coaches sometimes bench their stars for one of the games. Just last week the Cleveland Cavaliers left LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love at home when the team visited the Memphis Grizzlies on the second night of a   . It was a disappointment to many fans who had paid to see the Cavaliers, the defending N. B. A. champs, at full force in the team’s lone trip to Memphis. “I love the idea of less  ” Larry Nance Jr. a Los Angeles Lakers forward, said Friday, “because we’re on one now, and I like the idea of not being on one. ” The Lakers were in Philadelphia on Friday for the first half of a    that was part of a   trip. After defeating the Sixers, the Lakers took a   charter flight to Cleveland for their game against the Cavaliers on Saturday. Without D’Angelo Russell, who sat out after having played well against the Sixers, the Lakers lost. In all, the Lakers are scheduled to play 16 sets of    this season. The load should lighten next season. Under the terms of the new collective bargaining agreement, the start of the season will move up by about a week to build more off days into the schedule and reduce the number of     —   though by how many is unclear. “It’s tough because we have a young team,” Luke Walton, the Lakers’s head coach, said. “You have    who aren’t used to this. The mental preparation that it takes and the mental strength that it takes to fight through that fatigue is challenging. ” That said, the concern over    is a source of amusement for former players like Dan Issel, whose   career featured countless sets of    more than 50      and about a dozen       . In an email, Issel said he had no specific recollection of any of them, not even the time he scored 37 points for the Kentucky Colonels of the A. B. A. in his fourth game in as many days in 1970. (N. B. A. players of that era were no strangers to four straight games, either.) To Issel, those stretches never seemed remarkable. He would have gladly played in even more of them, he said, had his teams “flown charter with sleeper seats and great meals, and stayed in   hotels,” a reference to some of the amenities available to today’s players. Charles Grantham, who joined the players’ union as a consultant when the N. B. A. merged with the A. B. A. in 1976, said easing the schedule was not a priority at the negotiating table  —   not for the players, who were pushing for guaranteed contracts and improved transportation, and not for the league, which had financial troubles. “The business was to get the product out there and to play as often as you could,” said Grantham, who was the union’s executive director from 1988 to 1995. “I think owners looked at their teams like owning a candy store: They wanted it open all the time. ” The A. B. A. merger, along with expansion, resulted in more games for the league and reduced the financial imperative to stretch teams so thin. Plus, it was becoming obvious that tired players produced   basketball, a detriment to a league that was trying to expand its audience. “All of us sat there and recognized that in order for this product to move forward, it’s got to be set for television,” Grantham said. “And the players need some fresh legs. ” Still, change did not come swiftly. The players themselves saw virtue in plying their trade without much time off, similar to how baseball players of that era were oblivious to pitch counts. George Gervin, a scoring wizard for the San Antonio Spurs through much of the 1970s and early ’80s, said he could not fathom skipping games to keep his body fresh. “Rest? It’s your job, man!” Gervin said in a telephone interview. “We got all these people crying now about playing   . I respect the job that these guys are doing. But yesterday, it was a little bit more difficult. ” His point of view has the familiar tone of generational grumbling: When I was your age  …     But Gervin has always considered himself a basketball purist. “I hated the preseason because the coach would be like, ‘Hey, you’re only going to play half the game,’” he said. “I was like, ‘What? What kind of crap is that? I worked all summer and you got me trained, and you want me to play half the game?’ Come on, man. ” Phil Chenier, a   N. B. A.   who retired in 1981, recalled nights when he could feel the physical toll of his profession. The schedule was more fearsome than any single opponent. But sometimes he made it look effortless. Over a   stretch with the Washington Bullets in March 1977, Chenier scored 21 points in a narrow road loss to the Atlanta Hawks before returning home to score 30 and 38, respectively, in wins against the New Orleans Jazz and the Phoenix Suns. “Once the game starts, you just start playing,” Chenier said. “That’s all you know. ” He does remember one hazard: the uniforms. Most teams had only one set of road uniforms, and the players were generally responsible for their care. Some were more fastidious than others. Chenier recalled using shampoo to launder his jersey and shorts in hotel bathtubs. Planning ahead was important, he said, otherwise he would end up with a soggy uniform for the next game. Also, he discovered that certain shampoos brought a side effect. “You’d put your uniform on and you’d feel like you have this rash,” Chenier said. “Of course, some guys didn’t wash their uniforms at all  —   and you could tell. ” The laundry complications, Charles said, could signal that an opposing team was on a rough trip. He knew when he caught a whiff of his defender. “And you’d be like, ‘Oh, you guys played last night,’” he said. By the early 1980s, the league had largely scrubbed      from the schedule. They made a brief return during the   season, when the league scrambled to cram games into a reduced scheduled after a labor stoppage. The Lakers, for example, opened that season by playing three games in three days, losing twice. Metta World Peace, a forward who is still playing for the team at 37, reflected on that experience  —   “It was bad,” he said  —   and assessed    as difficult enough, especially at his age. “They kill me,” he said. When he was younger, he said, he did not take them seriously. After a   flight, he would often try to squeeze in a trip to a nightclub between games. “And play like garbage,” World Peace said. “When I got older and actually wanted to win, I would drink a lot of water, eat a lot of veggies, go to bed once you got into the city  —   no sex, nothing like that. Because all that stuff adds up. ” World Peace said he thought that the quality of play would improve with fewer   . But he does not want to see them eliminated. “They build so much character,” he said, sounding like a true throwback.",0
5574,BREAKING: FBI Re-Opening Hillary Investigation… New Emails Found,"Donald Trump Gives $10,000 To Pastor’s Family 
“I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,” Comey continued. 
Although he said that he “cannot assess whether or not this material may be significant,” he believed it to be “important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of our previous testimony.” 
The general election, of course, is in 11 days. Advertisement - story continues below 
In an election race that had GOP nominee Donald Trump fighting to catch up, he needed a development of significant enough import to level the playing field, and he may have just gotten it. 
Although this election is far from over, Donald Trump was just given another real chance, particularly in battleground states where he has been struggling. 
Conversely, this also does not mean the the FBI is suddenly going to do an about face and recommend prosecution for Hillary Clinton. She has already escaped that once during this investigation when Comey essentially slapped her wrist and called it a day. 
Rush Limbaugh on Friday said that a cynical observer might conclude that Comey was in Clinton’s pocket and had announced the re-opened investigation to draw attention away from recent WikiLeaks revelations of impropriety at the Clinton Foundation that had finally begun to attract mainstream media attention. Advertisement - story continues below",0
5575,How to Get the Most out of Visiting World-Famous Sites - The New York Times,"If you’re visiting Florence, Italy, you’ve got to see the   Uffizi Gallery. But why? Because that’s what one does in Florence? Because you feel compelled to post a selfie in front of Botticelli’s “Birth of Venus”? Those are obviously terrible reasons. We shouldn’t go to places because they’re   we should go to fully appreciate the thing that made them    —   an unparalleled collection of Renaissance art, for example. But that requires a thoughtful,   visit, not just following the masses, snapping pictures and checking it off your bucket list. I spoke with those in charge of some of the world’s great attractions to glean strategies for making the most of a visit, both substantive improvements and simple    techniques. Because, no matter how great the view is from the crown of Lady Liberty, you don’t want to wait in a long line to get there. Actually, you can’t visit the crown at all without serious planning. “On busy days you’re talking 25, 000 people on a small island, and 500 a day get to the crown,” said Michael Amato, the lead park ranger for the Statue of Liberty National Monument. “Right now we’re sold out until late October, early November. ” So it’s not so simple as “plan in advance. ” You need to check on what’s available only in advance  —   say, tickets for a performance. The ultimate way to avoid crowds is to visit during the   in other words, not now. Many dismiss   travel as unviable because of school schedules, but remember American Thanksgiving and spring breaks (if they don’t fall over Easter week) don’t mirror other countries’ vacations. Some American habits can play to your advantage. “Americans love to eat early,” said Eike Schmidt, the director of the Uffizi Galleries. “Have an early lunch, and get to the Uffizi something like 1 p. m. when the vast majority of people head off to eat. ” Timed tickets can often be bought days in advance and are increasingly available at crowded attractions around the world. At the Uffizi, they cost 4 euros extra (boosting admission to 16. 50 euros, about $18) and take care of waiting in line, if not the crowds. You can buy them at the official Uffizi website, uffizi. it, if you can find it. Unofficial sites that look official are rampant. They often look good and sometimes contain good information, but look out. “You can pay $30 or $40 on a fake website,” Mr. Schmidt said. “And sometimes the tickets do not exist”  —   that is, they’re fakes. Even when they’re just reselling real tickets, look out for markups. For example, uffizi. com, one of the unofficial sites, charges 24. 99 euros (about $27. 35) and it even marks up the audio guides. The official site is   and difficult to find (and is getting an upgrade). If you’re ever having trouble finding the official site of any attraction, search for it on a trusted travel site  —   say, LonelyPlanet. com  —   and follow the links. Between planning and traveling, a lot can change. Keep up to date, Jade McKellar, the director of visitor experiences at the Sydney Opera House, said in an email. “If you’re looking for inspiration,” she said, “follow us on social media and sign up for our newsletter. ” The Opera House’s Facebook page, for example, recently posted information on the free   Homeground festival in October, featuring indigenous musicians from around the world. In another development somewhat lower on the cultural scale, the Statue of Liberty’s Instagram account recently noted a new wave of visitors to Ellis Island: Pokémon. Ms. McKellar noted that too many visitors “stop at the selfie. ” Even without planning, visitors can often buy tickets for events that run 363 days a year. But like many sites, a true visit means dedicating a full day, something a rushed traveler might be loath to do but should do. You may want to append to a tour of the Sydney Opera House a pretheater dinner at the locavore Australian restaurant Bennelong, and an evening performance. (Just be aware that reservations at Bennelong need to be made well ahead.) Another reason to set aside more time: Visitors skip the   but equally worthwhile, often beautifully complementary sites nearby. Susan Greaney, the senior properties historian at English Heritage, which oversees Stonehenge, recommended a trip to the nearby Wiltshire Museum and the Salisbury Museum, local history museums with   exhibitions, each less than a   drive away but apt to be missed by anyone on a day tour from London. Mark Thomas, the western district director of the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation  —   a fancy title that involves oversight of Niagara Falls State Park  —   recommended the New York Power Authority’s Niagara Power Vista, a free attraction that was recently overhauled and reopened, 10 minutes away from the park. Mr. Schmidt noted that the copy of Michelangelo’s David on the Piazza della Signoria near the Uffizi was indistinguishable to nonexperts. Lines to see the real one at the Accademia Gallery can run hours if you don’t buy tickets in advance. “If someone has just three days in Florence, do you want to waste three hours in line when you can see a very faithful copy?” he said. Sometimes, the   attraction is even part of the same complex. Mr. Amato noted that this year Liberty Island would attract 4. 4 million visitors, while the Ellis Island Museum of Immigration will attract just 2. 4 million. That’s preposterous, considering that the boat to Liberty Island also stops at Ellis Island, which costs nothing extra and (in my opinion, not his) is far more interesting. But again, it means killing a day. Reading up on the attraction can make a vast difference in how much you appreciate it. I slogged through “The Conquest of the Incas” by John Hemming before visiting Machu Picchu for the first time, and it made for a rich experience. But there are easier ways. Mr. Thomas recommended visitors watch Marilyn Monroe in the 1953 film noir picture “Niagara,” set at and near the falls. And in the next six months, Mr. Schmidt’s book about the Uffizi should come out. (Exercise some discretion  —   for example, Ms. Greaney of English Heritage did not mention the Stonehenge scene from the 1984 mockumentary “This Is Spinal Tap,” and for good reason.) Some final recommendations: Be an active visitor, engaging guides, rangers or docents and exploring   corners. For    monuments, consider a more adventurous alternative route to avoid crowds  —   walking the steep hill to the Peak viewpoint in Hong Kong or hiking up the rain forest path to Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro instead of taking the crowded trams that lead to each. Even if you’re not traveling with children, I recommend inventing a game before you go  —   even adults run out of steam on a long day of sightseeing. My favorite, applicable to any museum with abstract art, is “Name the Picasso,” in which you guess the name of a painting (“Death in the Jungle”) and then compare it to its real name (“Nude in a Black Armchair. ”) Of course, you can also simply skip the   attraction. If you’re sick of museums by the time you get to Florence, forgo the Uffizi and take advantage of other things Florence has to offer. Perhaps a gelato (or tripe sandwich) crawl is in order? Don’t worry about what your friends will think. You can use Photoshop to show them you “saw” “The Birth of Venus. ”",0
5576,"Secret Back Door in Some U.S. Phones Sent Data to China, Analysts Say - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   For about $50, you can get a smartphone with a   display, fast data service and, according to security contractors, a secret feature: a backdoor that sends all your text messages to China every 72 hours. Security contractors recently discovered preinstalled software in some Android phones that monitors where users go, whom they talk to and what they write in text messages. The American authorities say it is not clear whether this represents secretive data mining for advertising purposes or a Chinese government effort to collect intelligence. International customers and users of disposable or prepaid phones are the people most affected by the software. But the scope is unclear. The Chinese company that wrote the software, Shanghai Adups Technology Company, says its code runs on more than 700 million phones, cars and other smart devices. One American phone manufacturer, BLU Products, said that 120, 000 of its phones had been affected and that it had updated the software to eliminate the feature. Kryptowire, the security firm that discovered the vulnerability, said the Adups software transmitted the full contents of text messages, contact lists, call logs, location information and other data to a Chinese server. The code comes preinstalled on phones and the surveillance is not disclosed to users, said Tom Karygiannis, a vice president of Kryptowire, which is based in Fairfax, Va. “Even if you wanted to, you wouldn’t have known about it,” he said. Security experts frequently discover vulnerabilities in consumer electronics, but this case is exceptional. It was not a bug. Rather, Adups intentionally designed the software to help a Chinese phone manufacturer monitor user behavior, according to a document that Adups provided to explain the problem to BLU executives. That version of the software was not intended for American phones, the company said. “This is a private company that made a mistake,” said Lily Lim, a lawyer in Palo Alto, Calif. who represents Adups. The episode shows how companies throughout the technology supply chain can compromise privacy, with or without the knowledge of manufacturers or customers. It also offers a look at one way that Chinese companies  —   and by extension the government  —   can monitor cellphone behavior. For many years, the Chinese government has used a variety of methods to filter and track internet use and monitor online conversations. It requires technology companies that operate in China to follow strict rules. Ms. Lim said Adups was not affiliated with the Chinese government. At the heart of the issue is a special type of software, known as firmware, that tells phones how to operate. Adups provides the code that lets companies remotely update their firmware, an important function that is largely unseen by users. Normally, when a phone manufacturer updates its firmware, it tells customers what it is doing and whether it will use any personal information. Even if that is disclosed in long legal disclosures that customers routinely ignore, it is at least disclosed. That did not happen with the Adups software, Kryptowire said. According to its website, Adups provides software to two of the largest cellphone manufacturers in the world, ZTE and Huawei. Both are based in China. Samuel   the chief executive of the   BLU Products, said: “It was obviously something that we were not aware of. We moved very quickly to correct it. ” He added that Adups had assured him that all of the information taken from BLU customers had been destroyed. The software was written at the request of an unidentified Chinese manufacturer that wanted the ability to store call logs, text messages and other data, according to the Adups document. Adups said the Chinese company used the data for customer support. Ms. Lim said the software was intended to help the Chinese client identify junk text messages and calls. She did not identify the company that requested it and said she did not know how many phones were affected. She said phone companies, not Adups, were responsible for disclosing privacy policies to users. “Adups was just there to provide functionality that the phone distributor asked for,” she said. Android phones run software that is developed by Google and distributed free for phone manufacturers to customize. A Google official said the company had told Adups to remove the surveillance ability from phones that run services like the Google Play store. That would not include devices in China, where hundreds of millions of people use Android phones but where Google does not operate because of censorship concerns. Because Adups has not published a list of affected phones, it is not clear how users can determine whether their phones are vulnerable. “People who have some technical skills could,” Mr. Karygiannis, the Kryptowire vice president, said. “But the average consumer? No. ” Ms. Lim said she did not know how customers could determine whether they were affected. Adups also provides what it calls “big data” services to help companies study their customers, “to know better about them, about what they like and what they use and there they come from and what they prefer to provide better service,” according to its website. Kryptowire discovered the problem through a combination of happenstance and curiosity. A researcher there bought an inexpensive phone, the BLU R1 HD, for a trip overseas. While setting up the phone, he noticed unusual network activity, Mr. Karygiannis said. Over the next week, analysts noticed that the phone was transmitting text messages to a server in Shanghai and was registered to Adups, according to a Kryptowire report. Kryptowire took its findings to the United States government. It made its report public on Tuesday. Marsha Catron, a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security, said the agency “was recently made aware of the concerns discovered by Kryptowire and is working with our public and private sector partners to identify appropriate mitigation strategies. ” Kryptowire is a Homeland Security contractor but analyzed the BLU phone independent of that contract. Mr.   the BLU chief executive, said he was confident that the problem had been resolved for his customers. “Today there is no BLU device that is collecting that information,” he said.",0
5577,"Re: Navy Petition Reaches 100,000 Signatures, Forces White House To Review Gender-Neutral Job Title Change","Email 
A petition to reverse the decision by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus to make the entire job title system gender-neutral has reached more than 100,000 signatures, forcing a White House review. 
The petition soared to 50,000 within the first week of its launch in late September, but for the rest of October, it was an open question of whether it would reach its goal. 
But as of Monday morning, the petition reached 102,591 signatures , which reflects the fact that the new job title change is viewed in an almost universally unfavorable light. 
“For 241 Years Navy personnel have been identified by their Job specialty, known as a ‘Rating.’ The oldest rates such as Boatswain Mates, and Gunners Mate predate the founding of this country,” the petition states. “Being known by your job title was a sense of pride. A sign of accomplishment. The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations just senselessly erased this tradition. One only has to visit Navy social media pages to see the disgust and outrage of current and former personnel.” 
“One by one current leadership continues to erode the very things that set the Navy apart from the other services,” the petition continues. “Mr. President, I and the others signing this petition request you use your authority to restore to our Sailors what they have earned.” 
But reversing what the military deems progress is an uphill challenge. 
Navy officials try to justify the change by saying it will grant sailors better career opportunities, but hardly anyone is convinced. 
In late September, the Navy eliminated its historic job title system in a move officials admitted was linked to concerns about gender neutrality. The only title to escape unscathed is “seaman” for E-3s and under. 
The job title change effort was developed by then-Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Mike Stevens, who retired just before the Navy actually made the official announcement of the major switch. 
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
5578,Ron Paul: ‘Education System Broken — Let’s Try Ed-Exit’,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/ron-paul-education-system-broken-lets.html Maryland Governor Larry Hogan recently signed an executive order forbidding Maryland public schools from beginning classes before Labor Day. Governor Hogan’s executive order benefits businesses in Maryland’s coastal areas that lose school-aged summer employees and business from Maryland families when schools start in August.However, as Governor Hogan’s critics have pointed out, some Maryland school districts, as well as Maryland schoolchildren, benefit from an earlier start to the school year.Governor Hogan’s executive order is the latest example of how centralized government control of education leaves many students behind.A centrally planned education system can no more meet the unique needs of every child than a centrally planned economic system can meet the unique needs of every worker and consumer.Centralizing education at the state or, worse, federal level inevitably leads to political conflicts over issues ranging from whether students should be allowed to pray on school grounds, to what should be the curriculum, to what food should be served in the cafeteria, to who should be allowed to use which bathroom.The centralization and politicization of education is rooted in the idea that education is a right that must be provided by the government, instead of a good that individuals should obtain in the market. Separating school from state would empower parents to find an education system that meets the needs of their children instead of using the political process to force their idea of a good education on all children.While many politicians praise local and parental control of education, the fact is both major parties embrace federal control of education. The two sides only differ on the details. Liberals who oppose the testing mandates of No Child Left Behind enthusiastically backed President Clinton’s national testing proposals. They also back the Obama administration’s expansion of federal interference in the classroom via Common Core.Similarly, conservatives who (correctly) not just opposed Clinton’s initiatives but called for the abolition of the Department of Education enthusiastically supported No Child Left Behind. Even most conservatives who oppose Common Core, federal bathroom and cafeteria mandates, and other federal education policies, support reforming, instead of eliminating, the Department of Education.Politicians will not voluntarily relinquish control over education to parents. Therefore, parents and other concerned citizens should take a page from the UK and work to “Ed-Exit” government-controlled education. Parents and other concerned citizens should pressure Congress to finally shut down the Department of Education and return the money to American families. They also must pressure state governments and local school boards to reject federal mandates, even if it means forgoing federal funding.Parents should also explore education alternatives, such as private, charter, and religious schools, as well as homeschooling. Homeschooling is the ultimate form of Ed-Exit. Homeschooling parents have the freedom to shape every aspect of education — from the curriculum to the length of the school day to what their children have for lunch to who can and cannot use the bathroom — to fit their child’s unique needs.Parents interested in providing their children with a quality education emphasizing the ideas of liberty should try out my homeschooling curriculum. The curriculum provides students with a well-rounded education that includes courses in personal finance and public speaking. The government and history sections of the curriculum emphasize Austrian economics, libertarian political theory, and the history of liberty. However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education.Parents interested in Ed-Exiting from government-run schools can learn more about my curriculum at ronpaulcurriculum.com . By Ron Paul / Image Credits: Pink Floyd - The Wall , Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).  ",0
5579,Two Cases of Active TB ’Suspected’ in Houston Area High Schools,"Two “suspected” cases of active tuberculosis (TB) were reported in Houston area high schools in February. More than a month later, public health officials are not disclosing whether those “suspected” cases have been confirmed as active TB. [Parents at Clements High School in Sugar Land, Texas, a suburb of Houston, learned of “a suspected case of tuberculosis” on February 9. “Parents of students at El Campo High School were also informed of a student with a possible case of the illness,” KPRC Click2Houston. com reported in February.  School officials have not responded to requests for the current status of those two “suspected” cases of TB. Breitbart News has asked officials at both schools if the two individuals suspected of having TB were removed from school campuses and have remained away but has received no response. “This individual is undergoing treatment and is not contagious,” a spokesperson for the Fort Bend County Department of Health and Human Services tells Breitbart News about the individual who was “a suspected case of tuberculosis” at Clements High School in Sugar Land. “I’m not allowed to say what kind of treatment they are getting,” the spokesperson adds. “I cannot tell you what they were diagnosed with,” the spokesperson says when pressed further by Breitbart News. Public health and school officials were sufficiently concerned about the “suspected” cases of TB at both schools that they asked a number of students and staff members to be tested for the disease. School officials have not responded to requests for the current status of those two “suspected” cases of TB. Breitbart News has asked officials at both schools if the two individuals suspected of having TB were removed from school campuses and have remained away but has received no response. El Campo is a city of about 11, 000 in Wharton County, located forty miles southwest of Sugar Land. News of the two cases of TB at Houston area high schools comes on the heels of other recent disturbing reports of TB at high schools in Nebraska, Minnesota, and California, as well as a middle school in South Carolina. “We have met with the Texas Department of State Health Services pertaining to a suspected case of TB,” El Campo High School principal Rich DuBroc said in a statement posted on the school’s website on February 7: TB is a disease spread through prolonged, close exposure to someone who has the germ in   lungs. Exposure is most likely to occur when a person with TB is actively coughing. TB can usually be prevented and treated effectively with appropriate medications. As part of their ongoing investigation, DSHS will conduct a screening on Thursday, February 9, and Friday, February 10, for those individuals at El Campo High School who have been identified as having close exposure. Further information and consent forms will be shared tomorrow. “Fort Bend Clinical Health Services has notified Clements High School about a suspected case of tuberculosis (TB),” Clements High School principal David Yaffie wrote in a letter sent to parents on February 9: Tuberculosis is a bacterial illness acquired through breathing in infected droplets from the cough or sneeze of a person with active TB. Tuberculosis is not easily transmitted. It is spread when a person inhales airborne germs over a long period of time in a confined area from someone with the disease who coughs or sneezes. Confidentiality laws prohibit us from releasing the individual’s name. However, I can assure you the school is working actively with Fort Bend County Health  Human Services and taking all necessary steps in order to ensure the health and safety of all our students and staff. Because significant exposure to TB is required in order to develop an infection, and based on the level of interaction with the individual, the health department has identified a small group of students and staff who will require testing. They have received separate notification from the school and the health department. If you have not been contacted, there is no reason for your child to be tested at this time. However, if you would like, you may have your child tested by your private provider. “The results came back negative for the adults and students who were tested,” the spokesperson for the Fort Bend County Department of Health and Human Services tells Breitbart News about the results of these tests at Clements High School. Breitbart News posed the following questions about the case to Mr. Yaffie but has not received a response: 1. Has the Fort Bend Public Health Department advised whether this individual suspected of having TB was subsequently diagnosed with TB? 2. Was this individual a student, a teacher, or another staff member? 3. Was this individual an American citizen? 4. Was this individual a refugee or of other   immigrant status? 5. Was this individual removed from the school and are they still removed from the school? 6. How many students at Clements High are currently enrolled in English Language Learner programs? Clements High School is part of the Fort Bend Independent School District. El Campo High School is part of the much smaller El Campo Independent School District. Breitbart News contacted El Campo Independent School District Superintendent of Schools Mary Waters for comment but has not received a response. On February 22, El Campo High School principal Dubroc sent this   email: I am sending this to all   addresses in the ECHS system, but it applies only to those who tested for Tuberculosis with us at ECHS. Earlier this month DSHS conducted Round 1 Tuberculosis testing due to a suspect case at El Campo High School. To ensure notification of results is sent to the correct address, please complete the attached address authorization consent form.   …     A   test  —   Round 2 Tuberculosis testing  —   will be offered the week of April 10, 2017. A negative   test at that time would indicate that your child has not been infected with the germ that causes Tuberculosis. Clements High School, as part of the Fort Bend Independent School District, offers “ESL (English as a Second Language) for parents” free of charge. “FBISD’s family literacy program helps families build the foundation for life long learning,” according to the Fort Bend Independent School District website: The comprehensive program includes: ESL (English as a Second Language) for parentsHomework assistance, tutoring, or early childhood education, while parents attend classParent education classes: GED, citizenship, computer   activities for parents and childrenLatino Family Literacy ProjectAll services are FREE! As Breitbart News has reported extensively, 66 percent of all cases of active TB diagnosed in the United States in 2015 were  .",0
5580,Affordable Care Act Sign-Ups Dip Amid Uncertainty and Trump Attacks - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The number of people who signed up for health insurance in the federal marketplace that serves most states dipped this year to 9. 2 million, the Trump administration said Friday, as consumers struggled with confusion over the future of the Affordable Care Act. That represents a decline of more than 4 percent from the total of 9. 63 million people who signed up through HealthCare. gov at this time last year. The numbers do not include activity in the 11 states that run their own online marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature health care law. State reports suggest that they have signed up about three million people. Veterans of the Obama administration said President Trump’s opposition to the health law and his efforts to undermine it had taken a toll. People may also have been influenced by signals from Congress that the law would soon be repealed. And some consumers may have been put off by the termination of their health plans, which was caused by an exodus of major insurers from the market in many states. Just before leaving office, the Obama administration reported that   through HealthCare. gov were running slightly ahead of the number at the same time last year, with 8. 8 million as of Jan. 14. “Trump’s sabotage worked,” said Ben Wakana, who was a spokesman for Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the secretary of health and human services under Mr. Obama. “We were on track to exceed last year’s total. We expected a million people to sign up on the federal exchange in the final week of the open enrollment period. ” Still, the numbers present a challenge to Republicans who are struggling to repeal the law that allowed those millions to purchase insurance plans  —   and who have promised not to displace anyone covered by it. The fourth annual open enrollment season began Nov. 1 and ended Tuesday, 11 days after Mr. Trump took office. The Trump administration scaled back publicity and advertising in the final days of the open enrollment period. Mr. Trump also issued a broadly worded executive order that directed federal officials to waive or delay any provision of the Affordable Care Act that would impose “a cost, fee, tax, penalty or regulatory burden on individuals. ” The order, issued within hours of Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, did not specify what actions would be taken. But lawyers and health policy experts read it as an indication that the government might not enforce the federal requirement for people to have health insurance or pay a tax penalty. Mr. Trump has described the Affordable Care Act as “a complete and total disaster” and has said he wants to replace it with better, cheaper coverage “for everybody,” but he has not offered a plan to achieve that goal. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah and chairman of the Finance Committee, who is trying to draft a replacement for the law, said that “today’s numbers failed to keep pace with last year’s. ” In addition, he suggested, some people who signed up will not pay their premiums and will therefore not have coverage this year. “Either way,” Mr. Hatch said, “enrollment numbers are down, and costs are up. ” That response was predicted by Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House minority leader and an architect of the law. “Now, Republicans will cynically point to the dip in enrollment they caused, declare the Affordable Care Act broken and move to steal the affordable health coverage of every American,” she said. “Meanwhile, in states committed to delivering affordable health coverage to their residents, enrollment in the Affordable Care Act’s marketplaces has surged. ” “Democrats will continue to stand our ground to ensure that every American has access to affordable health coverage,” she added. Enrollment reports from the Obama administration were invariably upbeat, saying the numbers showed that people needed and wanted insurance under the Affordable Care Act. The first report from the Trump administration struck a different tone. “Obamacare has failed the American people, with one broken promise after another,” Matt Lloyd, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, said Friday. “Premiums in the A. C. A. marketplace have increased 25 percent while the number of insurers has declined 28 percent over the past year. ” Of the 9. 2 million people who signed up through HealthCare. gov,   were new to the federal marketplace, and   were returning customers. The individual insurance market is in constant flux. With changes in income and employment, consumers may gain or lose coverage from Medicaid, employers and other sources of insurance. The Obama administration predicted in October that 13. 8 million people would sign up for coverage in the enrollment period that ended this week. The total appears likely to fall short of that goal. Leslie Dach, a former Obama administration official who is trying to preserve the health law as a leader of the Protect Our Care Coalition, said, “Enrollment was a success, and it would have been even higher without the Trump administration’s efforts to suppress enrollment. ” Despite those efforts, he said, “Americans continued to enroll in the final weeks, proving that there is considerable demand for quality and affordable coverage. ” Several states that run their own insurance exchanges appear to have done better than the federal marketplace. In New York, 908, 200 people signed up through the state marketplace for either a qualified health plan or the “basic health program” authorized by the Affordable Care Act for   people. That represents an increase of 39 percent. Under the Obama administration, enrollment in marketplace insurance plans was consistently lower than the levels originally projected by the Congressional Budget Office, in part because consumers were more likely to get and keep   insurance.",0
5581,Chart Of The Day: What Recovery? Real Construction Spending Still 17.7% Below 2006 Level,Chart Of The Day: What Recovery? Real Construction Spending Still 17.7% Below 2006 Level  ,0
5582,Rex Tillerson Rejects Talks With North Korea on Nuclear Program - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson ruled out on Friday opening any negotiation with North Korea to freeze its nuclear and missile programs and said for the first time that the Trump administration might be forced to take   action “if they elevate the threat of their weapons program” to an unacceptable level. Mr. Tillerson’s comments in Seoul, a day before he travels to Beijing to meet Chinese leaders, explicitly rejected any return to the bargaining table in an effort to buy time by halting North Korea’s accelerating testing program. The country’s leader, Kim   said on New Year’s Day that North Korea was in the “final stage” of preparation for the first launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile that could reach the United States. The secretary of state’s comments were the Trump administration’s first public hint at the options being considered, and they made clear that none involved a negotiated settlement or waiting for the North Korean government to collapse. “The policy of strategic patience has ended,” Mr. Tillerson said, a reference to the term used by the Obama administration to describe a policy of waiting out the North Koreans, while gradually ratcheting up sanctions and covert action. Negotiations “can only be achieved by denuclearizing, giving up their weapons of mass destruction,” he said  —   a step to which the North committed in 1992, and again in subsequent accords, but has always violated. “Only then will we be prepared to engage them in talks. ” His warning on Friday about new ways to pressure the North was far more specific and martial sounding than during the first stop of his   tour, in Tokyo on Thursday. His inconsistency of tone may have been intended to signal a tougher line to the Chinese before he lands in Beijing on Saturday. It could also reflect an effort by Mr. Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, to issue the right diplomatic signals in a region where American commitment is in doubt. Almost exactly a year ago, when Donald J. Trump was still a presidential candidate, he threatened in an interview with The New York Times to pull troops back from the Pacific region unless South Korea and Japan paid a greater share of the cost of keeping them there. During Mr. Tillerson’s stops in South Korea and Japan, there was no public talk of that demand. On Friday afternoon, after visiting the Demilitarized Zone and peering into North Korean territory in what has become a ritual for American officials making a first visit to the South, Mr. Tillerson explicitly rejected a Chinese proposal to get the North Koreans to freeze their testing in return for the United States and South Korea suspending all annual joint military exercises, which are now underway. Mr. Tillerson argued that a freeze would essentially enshrine “a comprehensive set of capabilities” North Korea possesses that already pose too great a threat to the United States and its allies, and he said there would be no negotiation until the North agreed to dismantle its programs. Mr. Tillerson ignored a question about whether the Trump administration would double down on the use of cyberweapons against the North’s missile development, a covert program that President Barack Obama accelerated early in 2014 and that so far has yielded mixed results. Instead, Mr. Tillerson referred vaguely to a “number of steps” the United States could take  —   a phrase that seemed to embrace much more vigorous enforcement of sanctions, ramping up missile defenses, cutting off North Korea’s oil, intensifying the cyberwar program and striking the North’s known missile sites. The rejection of negotiations on a freeze would be consistent with the approach taken by Mr. Obama, who declined Chinese offers to restart the     talks that stalled several years ago unless the North agreed at the outset that the goal of the negotiations was the “complete, verifiable, irreversible” dismantling of its program. But classified assessments of the North that the Obama administration left for its successors included a grim assessment by the intelligence community: that North Korea’s leader, Mr. Kim, believes his nuclear weapons program is the only way to guarantee the survival of his regime and will never trade it away for economic or other benefits. The assessment said that the example of what happened to Col. Muammar   the longtime leader of Libya, had played a critical role in North Korean thinking. Colonel  Qaddafi gave up the components of Libya’s nuclear program in late 2003  —   most of them were still in crates from Pakistan  —   in hopes of economic integration with the West. Eight years later, when the Arab Spring broke out, the United States and its European allies joined forces to depose Colonel Qaddafi, who was eventually found hiding in a ditch and executed by Libyan rebels. Among many experts, the idea of a freeze has been favored as the least terrible of a series of bad options. Jon Wolfsthal, a nuclear expert who worked on Mr. Obama’s National Security Council, and Toby Dalton wrote recently in Politico: “A temporary freeze on missile and nuclear developments sounds better than an unconstrained and growing threat. It is also, possibly, the most logical and necessary first step toward an overall agreement between the U. S. and North Korea. But the risk that North Korea will cheat or hide facilities during a negotiated freeze is great. ” William J. Perry, who was secretary of defense under President Bill Clinton, argued on Friday that it was no longer realistic to expect North Korea to commit to dismantling or surrendering its nuclear arsenal. The Trump administration, he said, should instead focus on persuading the North to commit to a   freeze in which it suspends testing of nuclear weapons and   missiles and pledges not to sell or transfer any of its nuclear technology. “I see very little prospect of a collapse,” he added. “For eight years in the Obama administration and eight years in the Bush administration, they were expecting that to happen. As a consequence, their policies were not very effective. ” In Asia, on his first major trip overseas as secretary of state, Mr. Tillerson has been heavily scripted in his few public comments, and he has gone out of his way to make sure he is not subject to questions beyond highly controlled news conferences, at which his staff chooses the questioners. In a breach of past practice, he traveled without the usual State Department press corps, which has flown on the secretary’s plane for roughly half a century. That group of reporters, many of them veterans of foreign policy and national security coverage, use the plane rides to try to get the secretary and other top State Department officials to explain American policy. Mr. Tillerson’s aides first said their plane was too small to accommodate the press corps and later said they were experimenting with new forms of coverage then they opened a seat for a reporter from the   Independent Journal Review, which is aimed at younger,   readers. The site’s reporters have never traveled with the secretary before. That decision is a striking departure for the State Department. Last May, department officials protested when Egypt’s military leader, Abdel Fattah   blocked pool reporters traveling with Secretary John Kerry from entering the presidential palace, and China frequently imposes similar restrictions to avoid unwanted questions to the Chinese leadership. Mr. Tillerson appears to be using similar tactics during his travels, though the two news conferences he held on the trip were his first since taking office at the beginning of February.",0
5584,Twenty Years of a Dictatorial Democracy     : Information," Twenty Years of a Dictatorial Democracy By James Bovard
 "" Washington Times "" - The 2016 election campaign is mortifying millions of Americans in part because the presidency has become far more dangerous in recent times. Since Sept. 11, 2001, we have lived in a perpetual emergency, which supposedly justifies routinely ignoring the law and Constitution. And both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have signaled that power grabs will proliferate in the next four years.
Politicians talk as if voting magically protects the rights of everyone within a 50-mile radius of the polling booth. But the ballots Americans have cast in presidential elections since 2000 did nothing to constrain the commander in chief.
President George W. Bushs declaration in 2000 that America needed a more humble foreign policy did not deter him from vowing to rid the world of evil and launching the most catastrophic war in American history. Eight years later, Barack Obama campaigned as the candidate of peace and promised a new birth of freedom. But that did not stop him from bombing seven nations, claiming a right to assassinate American citizens, and championing Orwellian total surveillance.
Mr. Bush was famous for signing statements decrees that nullified hundreds of provisions of laws enacted by Congress. President Obama is renowned for unilaterally and endlessly rewriting laws such as the Affordable Care Act to postpone political backlashes against the Democratic Party and for effectively waiving federal immigration law. Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama exploited the state secrets doctrine to shield their most controversial policies from the American public.
While many conservatives applauded Mr. Bushs power grabs, many liberals cheered Mr. Obamas decrees. After 16 years of Bush-Obama, the federal government is far more arbitrary and lethal. Richard Nixons maxim  its not illegal if the president does it  is the lodestar for commanders in chief in the new century.
There is no reason to expect the next president to be less power hungry than the last two White House occupants. Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton can be expected to trample the First Amendment. Mr. Trump has talked of shutting down mosques and changing libel laws to make it far more perilous for the media to reveal abuses by the nations elite. Mrs. Clinton was in the forefront of an administration that broke all records for prosecuting leakers and journalists who exposed government abuses. She could smash the remnants of the Freedom of Information Act like her aides hammered her Blackberry phones to obliterate her email trail.
Neither candidate seems to recognize any limit on presidential power. Mr. Trump calls for reviving the brutal interrogation methods of the George W. Bush era. Mrs. Clinton opposes torture but believes presidents have a right to launch wars whenever they decide it is in the national interest. After Mrs. Clinton helped persuade Mr. Obama to bomb Libya in 2011, she signaled that the administration would scorn any congressional cease-and-desist order under the War Powers Act.
If Americans could be confident that either Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton would be leashed by the law, there would be less dread about who wins in November. But elections are becoming simply coronations via vote counts. The president will take an oath of office on Inauguration Day, but then can do as he or she pleases.
We now have a political system which is nominally democratic but increasingly authoritarian. The rule oflLaw has been defined down to finding a single federal lawyer to write a secret memo vindicating the presidents latest unpublished executive order.
By the end of the next presidential term, America will have had almost a 20-year stretch of dictatorial democracy. Our rulers disdain for the highest law of the land is torpedoing the citizenrys faith in representative government. Forty percent of registered voters have lost faith in American democracy, according to recent Survey Monkey poll.
The United States may be on the verge of the biggest legitimacy crisis since the Civil War. Whoever wins on Nov. 8 will be profoundly distrusted even before being sworn in. The combination of a widely detested new president and unrestrained power almost guarantees greater crises in the coming years.
Neither Mr. Trump nor Mrs. Clinton are promising to make America constitutional again. But as Thomas Jefferson declared in 1786, An elective despotism was not the government we fought for. If presidents are lawless, then voters are merely designating the most dangerous criminal in the land.
 James Bovard is the author of Attention Deficit Democracy (Palgrave, 2006) and Lost Rights (St. Martins, 1994).",0
5585,Политизация проблемы терроризма на саммите БРИКС | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: Южная Азия Борьба с терроризмом становится ключевой проблемой для всех стран мира, и то, что к ней было обращено внимание участников 8-го саммита БРИКС, вполне закономерно. Но у Индии был особый интерес заострить на ней внимание после совершенного террористами из радикальной группировки «Джаиш-э-Мохаммад» («Воинство Мухаммеда») нападения на расположение индийского пехотного батальона близ города Ури в 10 км от Линии Коридора в штате Кашмир 18 сентября. Ответственность в гибели 18 своих военнослужащих Индия возложила на Пакистан, который, по её мнению, оказывает поддержку этим террористам. В своем твиттере Раджинат Сингх, министр внутренних дел, охарактеризовал атаку как трансграничное вторжение боевиков, подготовленных и вооруженных Пакистаном, и назвал его «террористическим государством». Выступая на 71-ой сессии Генеральной Ассамблеи ООН, представитель Индии заострил вопрос о поддержке Пакистаном трансграничного терроризма, что имеет не только региональные, но и глобальные последствия. Индия ответила на нападение террористов точечным ударом по их базам на подконтрольной Пакистану части Кашмира, в ходе которого было уничтожено семь укрытий боевиков, ликвидировано более 35 экстремистов. Несмотря на протесты Пакистана, мировая общественность не осудила эти действия Индии. Отношения между странами вышли на новый виток конфронтации, в которой оказались вовлечены и страны БРИКС. Проблема терроризма, поставленная на повестку дня Нарендрой Моди на саммите,(а она требовала осуждения Пакистана) оказалась не такой простой в своем решении, поскольку затрагивала интересы других участников организации, прежде всего России и Китая. Открывая встречу, Н.Моди заявил: «В нашем регионе терроризм представляет большую угрозу для мира, безопасности и развития. Трагично то, что носителем терроризма является страна, расположенная по соседству с Индией. И террор, распространившийся во всем мире, связан с этой «плавучей базой». БРИКС должна единодушно противодействовать этой угрозе». Ещё ранее на встрече G 20 5 сентября Н.Моди призвал к изоляции и наказанию тех, кто спонсирует и поддерживает терроризм. Таким образом, обсуждая проблему терроризма, страны БРИКС де факто должны были ответить на вопрос, кого они поддерживают больше ­ Индию или Пакистан в их борьбе за лидерство в Южной Азии. Несмотря на проведенные незадолго до саммита российско-пакистанские военные учения, Н.Моди решил не только не заострять на этом внимание, но приложил все усилия к тому, чтобы заручиться поддержкой России, которую он назвал (по-русски) «старым другом», и выразил ей признательность за безоговорочное осуждение террористической атаки на армейскую базу в Ури. В Совместном заявлении по итогам визита Президента Российской Федерации В.В.Путина в Республику Индию от 15 октября 2016 г. говорится, что стороны подчеркнули необходимость недопущения возникновения «тихих гаваней» террористов. Хотя такая формулировка носит достаточно расплывчатый характер и не указывает напрямую на Пакистан как на «тихую гавань» террористов, однако Индия осталась ею удовлетворена. Отвечая на вопросы журналистов относительно военных связей между Россией и Пакистаном, первый заместитель министра иностранных дел Индии С.Джайшанкар заявил, что Россия не будет делать ничего, что может навредить интересам Индии. Между Россией и Индией существует полное взаимопонимание. На саммите это нашло конкретное подтверждение в укреплении военно-технического и экономического сотрудничества между странами. Что касается Китая, то его позиция в отношении причастности Пакистана к террористической атаке на Индию была заявлена ещё ранее, когда он заблокировал выдвинутое Индией предложение о включении Масуда Азхара, укрывающегося в Пакистане лидера «Джаиш-э-Мохаммад», в список международных террористов, объявленных ООН вне закона. Индийская сторона считает его ответственным за целый ряд террористических атак на территории страны, включая совершенное 13 декабря 2001 г. нападение на парламент и 2 января 2016 г. – на авиабазу в г. Патханкот. Дело, конечно, не в фигуре Масуда Азхара. Как было официально заявлено, «Китай выступает против всех форм терроризма. Не должно быть двойных стандартов в противодействии терроризму. Но также недопустимо использовать борьбу с терроризмом как предлог для достижения политических целей». Действие КНР продиктовано чисто прагматичными экономическими и политическими соображениями, лежащими в основе её сближения с Пакистаном. В политическом плане Китай стремится использовать Пакистан в качестве геополитического игрока, способного противостоять усилению влияния Индии в Южной Азии, и как связующее звено с исламским миром. Вызывает опасения у китайского руководства и расширение военного сотрудничества между Индией и США, что может негативно сказаться на планах Китая в Индийском океане. В дополнение к геополитическому соперничеству между Китаем и Индией раздражающим фактором в их отношениях является и покровительство, оказываемое Индией Далай-ламе. В экономическом плане Пакистан представляет интерес для Китая в реализации его амбициозной инициативы «Один пояс и одна дорога». И хотя Н.Моди пытался убедить Си Цзиньпина в том, что у Индии и Китая, которые являются «жертвами терроризма», не должно быть различий в подходе к его противодействию, тем не менее китайский лидер в своей 10-минутной речи на саммите, признав растущую угрозу терроризма и осудив все его формы, ограничился заявлением о необходимости укрепления диалога по проблеме безопасности и партнерства в регионе. Позиция Китая по Масуду Азхаре осталась неизменной. Попытки Индии политизировать проблему терроризма на саммите БРИКС в целях политической изоляции Пакистана как страны «предоставляющей убежище для террористов и вооружающей их», не увенчались успехом. Лидеры пятерки сохранили разумный нейтралитет и проявили политическую дальновидность, чтобы не обострять обстановку в Южной Азии, чем могут воспользоваться террористы для активизации своей деятельности. Наталия Рогожина, доктор политических наук, ведущий научный сотрудник ИМЭМО РАН, специально для интернет-журнала «Новое Восточное Обозрение». Популярные статьи ",0
5586,Comment on Bombshell: Long-time Clinton associate says he killed people for Bill & Hillary by kia,"We’ve all heard of or read about the many people who, it is said, were murdered on orders of Bill and Hillary Clinton. (See, for example, the website Arkancide .) 
But the deaths are the stuff of rumors — until now. 
On September 24, 2013, on the Pete Santilli radio show, a former longtime Clinton associate named Larry Nichols admitted that he had killed people as the Clintons’ hit man or murderer-for-hire. I took this screenshot of Larry Nichols from one of his videos uploaded to YouTube in 2009. 
Larry Nichols (LN), a self-described former Green Beret, was a longtime associate of Bill Clinton (BC) and served as the marketing director of BC’s Arkansas Development Finance Authority (ADFA), “the best kept secret in Arkansas.” The two men first met in the late 1970s when BC was an up-and-coming politician. Wikipedia has no entry on Arkansas Development Finance Authority except for a brief reference to ADFA as one of the entities investigated by the United States Senate Whitewater Committee , but without identifying or describing what ADFA is. So I did an Internet search for ADFA and discovered that it is actually an agency of the Arkansas State government. The ADFA website describes itself as “ Arkansas’ largest source of low-cost financing for low-to-moderate income housing development, small industries, government, education, agricultural business enterprise & health care.” 
On September 24, 2013, Nichols was interviewed by the Pete Santilli radio show for GuerillaMediaNetwork.com. As introduced by Santilli, Nichols “has a lot of inside information on the Clinton crime family.” He published The Clinton Chronicles (a 1990 documentary subtitled “An Investigation Into the Alleged Criminal Activities of Bill Clinton”) on the Clintons’“child trafficking,” Bill’s “sexual escapades,” and how Hillary “spent 30 years covering up Bill Clinton’s sexual and criminal activities.” 
Here’s the audio of Nichols’ interview with Santilli: 
Larry Nichols’ interview begins at the 1:11:08 mark in the YouTube audio. Here’s my transcription of what Nichols said. LN is Larry Nichols; PS is Pete Santilli. 
LN: “I have actually beat up women and beat up husbands to protect the Clintons…. Not only have I killed people for [Bill Clinton], I’ve [never been in] jail.” 
PS: “You’ve always been protected by the Clintons.” 
Beginning at the 1:11:49 mark, LN says: “But now let’s call a spade a spade. I’ve been all over the world killing people for this country, some deservedly, some not. Ain’t matter to me. Just what I was paid to do…. Ronald Reagan sent me to El Salvadore. I did it for God and country.” 
PS asks if, at the time when LN killed for the Clintons, did he do it patriotically, for the common good? 
LN: “I didn’t give a shit. Some of these people, like Wayne Damond (?), needed to be dealt with. So I went to the jail, cut his nuts off, put them in a jar, put formaldehyde in it and left it there.” 
PS asks what motivated LN in killing for the Clintons. 
LN: “Just money. One minute I was doing something for the government, next minute I was doing something for the Clintons. What difference was it?” 
PS asks how the Clintons presented “these [murderous] tasks” to LN. 
LN: “Whenever I got an F2 call, that meant go and kill. State police are not trained to kill in … the late ’70s, early ’80s. There were no SWAT teams…. I had an F2 call, that meant go in and kill a guy. I didn’t give a shit…. When it [the order to kill] came from the president [Reagan], it was for God and country. When it came from Clinton, hell, I didn’t give a damn. I just go kill somebody, cut his nuts off.” 
PS asks if LN was paid to murder. 
LN answers that if the Clintons did not pay him, “they’d piss me off and they didn’t want to piss me off.” 
At some point, however, the Clintons turned on LN and he had to defend himself. LN says: “I had to [defend myself] because I didn’t have a support group. The media weren’t going to cover it, so if I died, they’d just pour alcohol over me and say I was drunk and crashed on the side of the road.” 
PS asks LN what kept him alive. 
LN: “I’m a Green Beret. I’m trained … I’m skilled in staying alive. We have one rule: Kill back first. So if they send people to me, I’ll just kill them back first. I don’t ask questions. I deal with it.” 
Larry Nichols was also asked about Hillary Clinton’s fitness to be president. His answer: “After the Benghazi debacle, No.” 
Nichols claims that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a friend, told him what we already now know — that the Obama administration had been providing arms for Muslim terrorists in Syria (via Libya). When Netanyahu voiced his objection, the arms supply stopped, which enraged the al-Qaeda-connected terrorists to attack the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. 
What Nichols doesn’t say (doesn’t know) is that the Obama regime has NOT stopped supplying arms to the Syrian “rebels,” but is actually expanding the CIA’s training of the terrorists . 
H/t Dean Garrison and FOTM’s TnRick 
See also:",0
5587,Texas Man Allegedly ’Having Sex With a Fence’ Arrested,"A man from Austin, Texas, was arrested for indecent exposure after a resident called the police to report he was “having sex with a fence” outside her window, police said. [A police report reveals that Eleodoro Estala, 32, was seen by a neighbor urinating on the grass but when he saw the neighbor taking video of him with her cell phone he took off his clothing and began thrusting himself into the fence that separates their properties, according to CBS 47.  The woman called the police and showed them photos and video of Estala’s actions. He was then arrested for exposure. The neighbor also told police that Estala put his mouth over a fence post and stuck his tongue in and out through a hole in the fence. A police report notes that the suspect appeared intoxicated. He also didn’t cooperate with officers. Estala’s bail was set at $2, 500. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5588,USMC War Vet Faces Prison for Legally Owned Gun Unregistered in New Jersey - Breitbart,"A former United States Marine who traveled to New Jersey with a gun he legally owned  —   but which was not registered in New Jersey  —   is facing three years in prison for firearm law violations. [The three years is the minimum sentence that former Marine Sergeant Hisashi Pompey has to serve before he can even be eligible for parole under New Jersey’s strict gun control laws.  ABC 7 reports that Pompey did “three tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan for which he received medals for bravery. ” He was a military police sergeant. Six years ago Pompey visited New Jersey and brought his legally owned handgun with him from Virginia. During the course of the night, one of Pompey’s friends got involved in a fight, retrieved the gun, and “carried it into a confrontation with police. ” Police arrested Pompey’s friend then arrested Pompey, as well, for having brought an unregistered handgun into the state. He is now asking Governor Chris Christie (R) to grant him clemency. Pompey said, “Only help I am asking for is from the governor, that’s the only one, everyone from judges to lawyers say the only person who will help me now is the governor. ” Pompey has a wife and children at home, all of whom he will have to leave for a minimum of three years if Christie does not act. In April 2015, Christie pardoned Pennsylvania resident Shaneen Allen, who was arrested in 2013 for carrying a legally owned handgun in her car. Allen even had a Pennsylvania permit to carry the gun, but New Jersey does not recognize Pennsylvania’s permit. On December 23, 2015, Christie pardoned U. S. Marine Joshua Velez, a Massachusetts concealed carry permit holder who was arrested over a year earlier for bringing his 9mm handgun into the state of New Jersey. The pardon said: WHEREAS, Joshua Velez has made a written application to the Governor for a pardon for the aforesaid offenses, and the State Parole Board, upon request of the Governor, in accordance with the law, has made an investigation of the facts and circumstances surrounding said application for a Pardon, NOW, THEREFORE, I, CHRIS CHRISTIE, Governor the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority conferred upon me by the Constitution of the State of New Jersey and the statutes of this State, do hereby grant Joshua Velez a full and free Pardon for all criminal charges arising from the arrest occurring September 6, 2015, to include the aforesaid crimes, and this Order is applicable solely to said criminal charges and to no other. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
5589,Comment une petite fille russe de 4 ans a appris à parler 7 langues,"langues , enfants 
En octobre dernier, Bella est devenue célèbre du jour au lendemain grâce au projet Personnes extraordinaires présenté par la chaîne de télévision Rossiya 1. La vidéo dans laquelle la petite fille répond aux questions, chante des chansons et parle dans plusieurs langues a suscité un grand intérêt sur les réseaux sociaux. « Je me sens stupide par rapport à cet enfant » , écrivaient les internautes dans les commentaires. 
Ioulia Deviatkina, la mère de Bella, affirme que sa fille n’est pas un enfant prodige, ses parents accordant simplement beaucoup d’attention à son développement. « Les enfants n’ont pas forcément besoin de parler sept langues, mais chaque petit est capable de maîtriser deux ou trois langues » , assure Ioulia. 
Les parents de Bella sont conscients que dans la vraie vie, la petite fille n’utilisera pas les sept langues activement : c’est tout simplement impossible. « Quand elle ira à l’école, nous nous concentrerons sur l’anglais, le français et le chinois » , précise la mère de la petite fille. 
« Nous n’avons pas peur que Bella s’ennuie en classe non plus. Elle possède les connaissances obligatoires pour tout enfant de quatre ans. Simplement, elle est capable de parler sur ces sujets « enfantins » dans plusieurs langues différentes » . Le gazouillis en français 
La mère de la petite fille est linguiste de formation et enseigne l’anglais aux enfants depuis sept ans. Son père travaille à l’Institut de recherche Radio. C’est une famille de classe moyenne. Cependant, pour les parents de Bella, le développement de leur fille est l’investissement le plus important. Окт 18 2016 в 3:35 PDT 

Initialement, les parents de Bella voulaient qu’elle parle couramment l’anglais. Ainsi, dès la naissance, sa mère lui parlait en deux langues, les alternant jour après jour. Elle veillait à ce que les langues ne se mélangent pas et interdisait à sa fille d’utiliser des mots russes dans les conversations en anglais. 
Quand Bella a eu 10 mois, ses parents ont rajouté le français. Elle ne savait pas parler, mais pouvait montrer du doigt les objets nommés par les adultes. Lire aussi : De jeunes mères russes racontent comment leur enfant a bouleversé leur vie 
Bella a appris à lire avant de commencer à parler. Dès l’âge de cinq mois, ses parents lui apprenaient à lire grâces à des cartes spéciales. Par exemple, quand on montrait à Bella, âgée de neuf mois, le mot « main » en russe ou en anglais, elle montrait sa main. Avant l’âge d’un an, la petite fille a appris 60 de ces cartes avec ses parents. Elle a commencéà lire couramment à l’âge de deux ans. Dessins animés en chinois 
À deux ans, Bella savait parler avec des phrases courtes et lire avec aisance dans trois langues. Avant l’âge de trois ans, ses parents ont rajouté le chinois au « programme » . Ioulia raconte que la petite fille montrait un grand intérêt pour la nouvelle langue. Elle demandait même qu’on lui mette des dessins animés en chinois . Окт 5 2016 в 5:26 PDT 

À l’âge de 3 ans et 2 mois, la petite Bella étudiait volontiers l’espagnol et l’allemand, mais aussi la danse, le violon et le chant . Puis, on a rajouté l’arabe. Bella se promène, joue à cache-cache et lit des livres pour enfants, mais elle le fait en plusieurs langues différentes. Tous ses cours se déroulent sous forme de jeu. 
Ses parents organisent des voyages ludiques avec des locuteurs natifs, elle fréquente un club de théâtre en anglais, apprend le dessin en français, la danse en espagnol et suit des cours de patinage avec un locuteur allemand. Par ailleurs, ses parents lui organisent régulièrement des cours collectifs avec des amis qui sont également élevés dans un milieu multilingue. Lire aussi : Le russe, cinquième langue dans les écoles de l’UE Outil de développement du cerveau 
Les chercheurs confirment que la capacitéà parler plusieurs langues et de passer de l’une à l’autre dépend de l’interaction entre différentes zones du cerveau. Elles se mettent en marche en fonction des caractéristiques phonétiques de la langue, de son système grammatical, de l’imagerie linguistique et même de la tonalité de la prononciation. 
« Chaque nouvelle expérience se reflète dans le cerveau par l’émergence de connexions nerveuses. L’hippocampe, responsable de la mémoire, stimule la croissance de nouveaux neurones. Le volume de certaines zones du cerveau croît littéralement » , explique la psychologue Tatiana Diatchenko. Окт 16 2016 в 1:18 PDT 

« Le multilinguisme a une influence positive sur le développement général de l’enfant, même s’il peut provoquer un retard du développement du langage à cette étape, par rapport aux enfants qui n’apprennent qu’une seule langue » , explique Kira Ivanonva, spécialiste de l’Institut de recherches linguistiques auprès de l’Académie russe des sciences. 
Cependant, un apprentissage précoce ne garantit pas que l’enfant parlera couramment la langue plus tard. « Je connais une mère qui ne parlait qu’anglais avec son enfant à partir de l’âge de trois ans. Aujourd’hui, ce petit n’est même pas capable de maîtriser le programme d’une école normale, non-spécialisée » , raconte Maria Molina, chercheuse à l’Institut de linguistique auprès de l’Académie russe des sciences. Lire aussi :",0
5590,"Executes 190 Iraqi Civilians in Hammam al-Alil, 42 in Arij Village: Official","ISIS executes over 230 civilians in Mosul as the battle to liberate the Iraqi city from the Takfiris gains momentum. 14 Shares
11 3 0 0
""ISIS terrorists continued to commit atrocities in the province of Nineveh, they executed 190 people in the area of Hammam al-Alil after taking them hostage in different areas of Mosul,"" said the chairman of the Iraqi parliamentary human rights committee, Abdel Rakhim Shamri, on Wednesday.
He added that another 42 people were taken from the village of Arij and executed after they refused to cooperate with the terrorists.
Shamri also called on Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to facilitate the airlifting of civilians from Daesh-held areas in Mosul as the terrorists are using them as human shields.
On Tuesday, the UN human rights office said it had preliminary reports about scores of mass killings by ISIS around Mosul in the past week.
UN human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a regular UN briefing in Geneva that the bodies of 70 civilians with bullet wounds had been discovered by Iraqi security forces in Tuloul Naser village on October 20, and 50 police officers being held outside the city had also reportedly been killed, Press TV reported.
Recommended For You Muslim Iraqi Soldiers Erect Cross on Top of the Church in Newly Liberated Karamless Village Near Mosul
Iraqi army troops on Saturday stormed into a Christian region that has been under ISIS control since 2014 as part of operations to clear t...
By AHT Staff Nouri al-Maliki, the former Prime Minister of Iraq, and the head of the al-Qanoon parliamentary coalition, stated in his speech during the...
By AHT Staff U.S. Commander John Nicholson: ISIS Attempting to Establish Khorasan Caliphate in Afghanistan comple...
By AHT Staff Thousand of Iraqi Civilians Treated for Breathing Problems after ISIS Torches Sulphur Plant near Mosul",0
5591,Donald Trump Refuses to Endorse Paul Ryan and John McCain - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump on Tuesday refused to endorse two leading Republicans  —   the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, and Senator John McCain of Arizona  —   in their primary election campaigns. Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain have both endorsed Mr. Trump for president, but they have criticized his denouncement of Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of Capt. Humayun Khan, who was killed in Iraq in 2004. “I like Paul, but these are horrible times for our country,” Mr. Trump told The Washington Post. “We need very strong leadership. We need very, very strong leadership. And I’m just not quite there yet. I’m not quite there yet. ” Mr. Trump had signaled support for Mr. Ryan’s   primary opponent, Paul Nehlen,  in a Twitter message on Monday night, thanking him for his “kind words. ” The nominee’s “not quite there yet” wording echoed language that Mr. Ryan used in May when he was still wavering on whether to get behind Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump also singled out Mr. McCain, telling The Post: “I’ve never been there with John McCain because I’ve always felt that he should have done a much better job for the vets. ” The comments are a significant break in the steps toward party unity that Republican officials have been stressing since their convention last month. The remarks are also an indication that the party is still struggling to heal some of the wounds from Mr. Trump’s primary campaign. After Khizr Khan rebuked Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention, Mr. Trump traded in religious stereotypes by suggesting that Mr. Khan might have prevented his wife from speaking at the event. Mr. Ryan said in a statement on Sunday that he rejected Mr. Trump’s proposed Muslim immigration ban as “not reflective of America’s fundamental values. ” He added: “Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example. His sacrifice  —   and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan  —   should always be honored. Period. ” Mr. McCain followed with a lengthy statement on Monday, saying: “I cannot emphasize enough how deeply I disagree with Mr. Trump’s statement. I hope Americans understand that the remarks do not represent the views of our Republican Party, its officers or candidates. ”",0
5592,Kp Message 10-30-16… “A Few Things”,"[Kp note: started writing on 10-29, but posted on 10-30, so I changed the date in the title.] 
Not sure what those “things” are yet, but I’m sure they’ll come. 
There’s a lot of “something” going on today, at least within me. There was a period of time today when I felt I was walking around in another dimension… definitely not here , fully, at least, and more like in a “dream” or “transparent” type of shape. It actually felt very pleasant, and very much more “at home” than living upon/in this 3D-4D-whatever type physical “world” thing. 
I have “stuff” to do, as I walk and move and BE upon this planet… even though I know I AM a BE ing of Light, yet I am here in the physical body, and I (apparently) have accepted that and know I have “physical type” areas in which to “work” (lots of quote marks in there). 
This blog will very likely always be a secondary part of my expression here, however, as my DOing and BEing primarily centers on the “Energy work” I feel is mine to do. It is particularly significant that I am in Hawai’i, formerly known as Lemuria, and performing most of the “Energy missions” over here. Somehow the islands feel like fingers of my own hand… and that has been true ever since I first arrived. 
I’m not trying to “teach” anything here. Just share the “sense” I have about all this stuff… from my viewpoint… no one else’s. 
So why am I writing this particular post? Well, as always, I felt an urgent movement to do so. And I presume I’ll be following or listening to that “movement” for my entire experience here on this planet. 
That is all for now. 
Aloha, Kp",0
5593,"Like Magic, Muggles Make New Harry Potter Play Disappear From Bookstores - The New York Times","As the rain poured down, a man with a Harry Potter phoenix feather tattoo on his forearm waited patiently on a Brooklyn sidewalk. The man, Robert Saulter, a lawyer in Boston for the United States Air Force, was in New York for the weekend and said he just had to be at Saturday’s midnight   party for the latest in the Harry Potter series, “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” which is actually a play. “It sounds ridiculous that I’m 32 years old and I’m tearing up,” Mr. Saulter said as the BookCourt store in the Cobble Hill neighborhood opened its doors. “But I always felt misunderstood and I feel like if you’ve read the books, you understand the emotional connection you get to Harry, someone who really wanted to do good things with the world and wanted to feel loved. ” Mr. Saulter even named his son, who is 7 months old, Phoenix Harrison, for “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,” the fifth in the series. Mr. Saulter was among nearly 200 people who waited at the store for the script that was written by Jack Thorne and based on a story by Mr. Thorne, John Tiffany and J. K. Rowling, the author of the Harry Potter book series, which led to films and a theme park. The play, which opened in London over the weekend, has already become a critical, commercial and  —   with the casting of the black actress Noma Dumezweni as Hermione Granger  —   controversial hit. It continues where the final book left off, as Harry and his crew send their children to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ms. Rowling has made it clear that “Cursed Child” is not an eighth Harry Potter novel, but the fans do not care. The book topped the 2016   charts for Amazon’s print and Kindle   sales, while also becoming Barnes  Noble’s top   book since “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,” in 2007. Scholastic, the publisher in the United States, will not have sales figures until later this week. It has been nearly 20 years since the first book and almost 10 years since the publication of “Deathly Hallows,” what many have considered the final chapter in Ms. Rowling’s story. And Mary Gannett, an owner of BookCourt, said she had not been sure the store should host a party this time. Interest trickled in slowly after the script’s publication was announced in February, Ms. Gannett said, but in the past week, requests for reserved copies nearly doubled. In New York and across the country,   Potterheads swarmed bookstores Saturday night and into Sunday morning to celebrate the release, as if they had found the secret winged key that not only let them back into their childhoods but also opened the door to another generation. Judy Stelter, the manager of Book World in Sturgeon Bay, Wis. was expecting a smaller, older audience for the store’s midnight party. Instead, she was greeted by teenagers and young children with their parents, who filled the small store to enjoy cake and chocolate frogs (a treat among wizards). “Look at all the young kids in here,” Ms. Stelter said, standing beside boxes of “Cursed Child. ” “They’re in here for a book that’s in print and on paper, not on an electric device. Once they read like that, they’ll read for life. ” Many fans happily brought family members who were not old enough  —   or even born yet  —   for the celebrations of the original series. In Atlanta, Erin Whitlock, 24, brought her    brother Liam to a Barnes  Noble in the Edgewood neighborhood. “He’s as big a fan as I am, and it’s just really cool to be here tonight because he gets to experience what I grew up with,” Ms. Whitlock said, noting that her brother visits Ms. Rowling’s website Pottermore, where she regularly publishes new stories. “The wizarding world doesn’t stop with the books. It goes with your imagination. ” JillEllyn Riley, 48, a writer and editor who lives in Cobble Hill, perused the novels at BookCourt with her sons, ages 13 and 19, who did not seem to mind the spectacle of their mother dressed as Sybil Trelawney, a professor at Hogwarts. Ms. Riley said she hosted monthly Harry Potter club meetings in the neighborhood with her younger son. “We came here to BookCourt for Book 7, all of us,” she said. “My    was 3, and I knew that later he would read the books and wouldn’t be able to go to the midnight releases, but I knew he’d know he had been there once. ” Aubrey Nolan, 25, who planned the evening at BookCourt, said she wanted to keep the activities family friendly. All around her, children sipped cream soda floats they passed off as butterbeer and decorated wands with paint, sequins and string. Others had mug shots taken that resembled the wizards imprisoned at Azkaban. Bookstores around the country embraced the theme, too, with Books of Wonder in Manhattan offering photos with owls (like Harry’s Hedwig) and the Charles Deering Library at Northwestern University outside Chicago refereeing a Quidditch match, a sport played in the series. At the Elliott Bay Book Company in Seattle, nearly 250 people showed up for what was billed as a Hogwarts reunion. And members of the Seattle Shakesbeerience performed the first few scenes from the play with Patrick Lennon  —   who said the group’s motto is “script in one hand, drink in the other”  —   as Harry. “I’m in the group that aged along with Harry,” Mr. Lennon, 30, said. “One of the actresses says she’ll probably be crying through it. I might too. ” For some, nothing was more important than getting their hands on the newest edition, even if it meant waiting alone or interrupting a vacation. Annie Grandidge and Travis Dicks, tourists from New Castle, Australia, spent two and a half hours in line at the Barnes  Noble on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. And Ashley Johnson, 32, the actress who played Chrissy Seaver in the sitcom “Growing Pains,” recently moved to Brooklyn to work on NBC’s “Blindspot.” She showed up at BookCourt by herself, knowing she would easily make friends with other Potter fans. “I was a little angry that I didn’t read these as I was growing up,” Ms. Johnson said. “I found them in my   and I never got to go wait in line for the original books, so to be a part of that I felt like I needed to go do it. We don’t get to do this with a lot of things with how fast the world moves, and to wait in line for a book at midnight feels really special. ” Margaret Piraino, 24, dressed as Nymphadora Tonks, a   witch, complete with rainbow hair and   jewelry, attended the BookCourt party with her girlfriend, Laurel Detkin, a fellow Potter enthusiast. But this time was different. “I grew up with Harry Potter and it’s been my entire life, and my dad would go to Barnes  Noble with me every time there was a new release,” Ms. Piraino, who lives in Brooklyn Heights, said. “And this year, my dad died in January and it’s the first time I had to go on my own. ” In Seattle, Dylan Blanford, 13, donned a long black robe and a yellow tie as a member of Hufflepuff, one of the four houses at Hogwarts, and said he was jealous that he was not at parties for the previous Harry Potter books. He started reading the books at age 5. “I’m excited because there’s still this little    jumping around inside of me going, ‘Harry! Harry! Harry!’ And there’s also this    jumping around inside of me going, ‘Harry! Harry! Harry! ’” he said. “I’m so excited because it’s not the end, forever, you know?”",0
5594,"Report Shows Vast Reach of Russian Doping: 1,000 Athletes, 30 Sports - The New York Times","LONDON  —   International sports’ antidoping watchdog on Friday laid out mountainous evidence that for years Russian officials orchestrated a doping program at the Olympics and other competitions that involved or benefited 1, 000 athletes in 30 sports. The findings intensified pressure on the International Olympic Committee to reassess Russia’s medals from the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and penalize the nation ahead of the 2018 Winter Games. The evidence, published by the World   Agency, was the coda to a set of investigations led by the Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren, who issued a damning report in July that prompted more than 100 Russian athletes to be barred from the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The   report outlined competitions that had been tainted by years of extraordinary preparations, ensuring Russia’s dominance at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the 2013 track and field world championships in Moscow and the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi  —   the “apex” of Russia’s cheating, the report said, because as the host of the event it controlled drug testing. The subterfuge included using table salt and Nescafé   granules to help conceal tainted urine and bypass controls, according to the inquiry. Some samples were clearly fraudulent: Urine provided by two female hockey players at the Sochi Games contained male DNA. Yet Mr. McLaren suggested that the full extent of the cheating might never be known. “It is impossible to know just how deep and how far back this conspiracy goes,” he said on Friday, calling the “immutable facts” of his report clear but far from comprehensive. “For years, international sports competitions have unknowingly been hijacked by the Russians. ” Mr. McLaren concluded last summer that Russia had orchestrated rampant doping dating back years that culminated in an elaborate   operation at the 2014 Sochi Games, confirming what The New York Times reported in May. But in the face of staunch denials from Russian officials and skepticism from sports authorities reluctant to punish the nation on his word, he and a team have continued their work these last five months. Asked for their evidence, they zeroed in on the individuals who had enabled the cheating as well as those who had benefited from it, publishing on Friday 1, 166 pieces of proof, including emails, documents and scientific and forensic analysis of doping samples. As part of the inquiry, the team examined some 120 urine samples of Russian athletes from Sochi out of at least 250 that have been preserved since 2014. All the samples Mr. McLaren examined had been tampered with, he said, including those of 15 medalists  —   including winners of gold. From the 2012 London Games, Mr. McLaren identified 15 medalists whose doping violations had been concealed. Ten of them have been stripped of their medals, the report said, after widespread retesting this year. The names of most of the implicated athletes were redacted  —   they were referred to by unique sets of numbers  —   but their identities had been privately shared with relevant officials for each sport’s global governing body, Mr. McLaren said, emphasizing that it was not his job to issue penalties. Outside of the Olympics, sports governing bodies have autonomy over disciplining athletes for violations like doping or manipulating samples. Thomas Bach, the president of the I. O. C. said in a statement on Friday that the report’s findings demonstrated “a fundamental attack on the integrity of sport. ” On Thursday, he had said that “any athlete who took part in such a sophisticated manipulation system” should be excluded from attending future Olympics in any capacity. Mr. Bach said all urine samples retained from Russian athletes who competed in the 2014 Sochi Games would be   along with those from the 2012 London Games that have not yet been retested. The I. O. C. has appointed two commissions in response to Mr. McLaren’s report. A team is expected to examine the Sochi doping samples for evidence of banned substances  —   though unlikely to find any if tainted urine was substituted  —   as well as other signs of tampering. On Friday, Mr. Bach called Mr. McLaren to thank him for his work, which he previously had greeted with skepticism. “It was a big change from the reaction in July,” Mr. McLaren said. The Russian sports ministry said in a statement that it was studying the report “to formulate a constructive position,” denying the existence of any   doping programs in sports and promising to “continue the fight against doping from the positions of ‘zero tolerance. ’” The ministry pledged its cooperation with global sports and antidoping authorities to improve Russia’s antidoping operations. Mr. McLaren’s report described the lengths to which various branches of the Russian government went to shield the nation’s antidoping lab from scrutiny. In 2014, when World   Agency inspectors were due to make a surprise visit to the Moscow lab, personnel at the Ministry of Sport tipped the lab off to their trip after learning they had applied for visas. The evidence also included crucial communications between Russia’s former deputy sports minister Yuri Nagornykh  —   who was dismissed amid scandal last summer  —   and Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the nation’s former antidoping lab director, who told The Times last spring exactly how he had helped top Russian athletes dope on state orders. He described an operation out of a spy thriller in which he, with the guidance of sports officials and the help of members of the country’s intelligence service, broke into supposedly   bottles every night to replace urine tainted by   drugs with clean urine collected months earlier. Mr. Nagornykh and the sports ministry gave Dr. Rodchenkov explicit direction to cover up top athletes’ use of   steroids, according to emails and spreadsheets. Mr. McLaren’s report and an accompanying searchable website of evidence leave little doubt that Russia’s doping program was among the most sophisticated in sports history, perhaps ranking only behind that of the East German regime. Some felt it was worse after reading the details. “Even in the darkest days of   doping in the former East Bloc in the 1970s and 1980s, the organized drugging of athletes was not also propped up by the deliberate corruption of antidoping measures on such a shocking scale,” said Joseph de Pencier, chief executive of the Institute of National   Organisations, based in Germany. He called for the I. O. C. to exclude Russia from the Olympics until it was “demonstrably free of the will to subvert the fundamental values and spirit of sport. ” The I. O. C. commissions’ work is expected to lay the foundation for disciplinary action against even more Russian Olympians, after a year in which dozens have been penalized and more than 100 barred from global competition. Leading up to the report’s release on Friday, sports officials had braced themselves for the final set of facts with which the disciplinary authorities would be expected to work. “I hope it’s all for nothing,”   Kasper, an I. O. C. executive and president of skiing’s global governing body, said during a smoke break in Switzerland this week in the middle of a full day of   meetings with sports officials who were anticipating the McLaren report. “For the winter sports federations, we’re in the middle of the season,” Mr. Kasper said. “We’re going to have to react immediately. In the middle of the competition, it’s not easy. ” Winter sports officials could encounter acute pressure similar to that faced by summer sports officials this year when they had about two weeks to rule on which Russian athletes could compete in Rio after Mr. McLaren’s report. Russia is set to hold the world championships in bobsled and skeleton in Sochi in two months. American athletes have talked about boycotting that event as a show of dissatisfaction with sports officials’ handling of the Russian doping scandal. The governing body for those sports said on Friday that it would give “highest priority and urgency” to reacting to the new details. On Thursday, less than 24 hours before the report’s publication, Mr. Bach repeated the Olympic committee’s guidance that sports federations freeze or terminate their preparations for hosting events in Russia. But ahead of Friday, Mr. Bach had little idea what to expect. Mr. McLaren had closely guarded his findings, declining to share them earlier with Olympic officials as they requested he instead waited to make the package public on Friday. He will be cooperating with the I. O. C. commissions going forward, he said. One of the chief criticisms Russian officials and some global sports authorities made of Mr. McLaren’s initial work was that he had not heard Russia’s side of the story. In Friday’s report, he addressed that possible vulnerability, invoking his communications with Vitaly Smirnov, a former longtime Olympic official from Russia whom President Vladimir V. Putin appointed last summer to lead antidoping reform. Vitaly Mutko, Russia’s former minister of sport, whom Mr. Putin recently elevated to deputy prime minister, did not accept Mr. McLaren’s request for a meeting, the report said. Mr. Smirnov’s statements about reforming Russia, Mr. McLaren suggested on Friday, may be the most direct sort of admission he expects to receive that the “institutional conspiracy” he detailed took place. In setting his findings out, Mr. McLaren called for an end to infighting in global sports and unity in fighting cheating. “Russia needs to get its act together to change the culture,” Olivier Niggli, director general of the World   Agency, said, echoing something Mr. Mutko himself acknowledged to The Times in July. “Hopefully this will help the Russians themselves to accept the facts and take a positive attitude toward changing things rather than saying this is a plot from the West with no evidence,” Mr. Niggli said. “It’s in the public domain, and everybody can look at it. ”",0
5595,"Putin confronts the 'New World Order' (Valdai Video, Part 2 of 2)","
October 29th, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
RT- Translated by  Inessa Sinchougova 


None of which is happening in the world today is an accident. It is a planned and implemented strategy. Putin refers to these as ""mistakes of the West"" - but this is diplomatic-speak. They are not mistakes, but deliberate and (poorly) strategised policy initiatives designed to destroy or economically enslave. 




     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
5596,"14 Days to Do 14 Things, If Hillary’s Indicted-Extreme Violence Expected","14 Days to Do 14 Things, If Hillary’s Indicted-Extreme Violence Expected 

UPDATE: HILLARY CLINTON IS AGAIN UNDER INVESTIGATION BY THE FBI. IF SHE IS INDICTED, HER PEOPLE WILL UNDOUBTEDLY LAUNCH A CYBER ATTACK ON THE ELECTIONS AND BLAME THE RUSSIANS. HILLARY HAS TIPPED HER HAND MANY TIMES. IF THIS HAPPENS, YOU MUST HASTEN YOUR PREPARATIONS. IF HILLARY SKATES, AGAIN, WE STILL ONLY HAVE A SHORT WINDOW TO ALL HELL BREAKING LOOSE. PLEASE PREPARE NOW! 
The Common Sense Show issued an alert yesterday with regard to the likelihood of widespread violence, regardless of who wins the election. The violence may not be dramatic on November, but I believe that a crescendo will be reached by the holidays. There are literally dozens of troop movements and a number of martial law events taking place as I write these words. The bottom line is, half of the country hates the other half of the country and pressure valve is ready to blow. And if Trump wins, the violence factor will escalate exponentially as evidenced by the firebombed GOP building in North Carolina. 
When these events come to fruition, it could potentially paralyze this nation and bring the economy to a standstill. Subsequently, the grocery store shelves could be empty within two days and food riots would likely commence by sundown of the second day. All Americans would instantly be in danger. Local law enforcement would be overwhelmed. What would be your chances of survival? Yesterday, I wrote about the fact that FEMA has conducted research studies on America’s level of preparedness and the news is not good. FEMA concluded that 72% of all Americans are not prepared to survive what is coming In other words, when society begins to fragment, you and your fellow preppers are outnumbered by a 3 to 1 margin. 
Are you prepared for 3 out of 4 of your neighbors climbing through your windows in search of life-saving supplies? The FEMA Preparedness Reports 
In response to concerns about strengthening the nation’s ability to protect its population and way of life (i.e., security) and ability to adapt and recover from emergencies (i.e., resilience), the President of the United States issued Presidential Policy Directive 8: National Preparedness (PPD-8). 
PPD-8 is a directive for the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate a comprehensive campaign to encourage Americans to practice national preparedness. Despite efforts by FEMA and other organizations to educate American citizens on becoming prepared, growth in specific preparedness behaviors has been limited. Government programs to this end are nearly nonexistent. 
I have spent the past week illustrating how a coming economic collapse is unavoidable and how the elite have conspired to steal as many of your assets as possible prior to the collapse. This article presents some common sense things one can do which could increase the chances of surviving a major societal meltdown resulting from an economic collapse. If you have any doubts as to what is coming, I strongly encourage you to read what I have written about on this topic over the past several months. Even Ray Charles could see that our economy will not be around much longer in its present form. 
It is always best to prepare for the worst and hope for the best. For the purposes of this article, it is possible that society will not totally collapse even if the dollar does. However, large segments of societies always collapse when an economic collapse happens. Surviving the worst case scenario is the purpose behind what will be covered here. We have about 14 days to do the following 14 things: 1. The Creation of a Pseudo-Identity 
It may be necessary to become invisible in the event you think you believe that your name could be on a (Red) list because roundups will usually occur in dire situations. Therefore, the creation of a pseudo-identity could become very important. 2. It Takes Money to Prepare If you have read the articles at the above links, you should have concluded that it is the height of stupidity to leave your life savings in an institution that is planning to steal from you. You need to divert your cash, other than the ability to pay basic bills, in preparation for what is coming. 
Getting your money out of the bank has become an art form and you need to be careful. There is a barrier to your ability to procure some of these life-saving and life-extending supplies. Right now, you do not have full access to your money. 
As you move to withdraw the bulk of your money, there are three federal banking laws that you should be cognizant of, namely, Cash Transaction Report (CTR), a Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) and structuring. Cash Transaction Reports 
Federal law requires that the bank file a report based upon any withdrawal or deposit of $10,000 or more on any single given day.The law was designed to put a damper on money laundering, sophisticated counterfeiting and other federal crimes. 
To remain in compliance with the law, financial institutions must obtain personal identification, information about the transaction and the social security number of the person conducting the transaction. 
Before proceeding with the planned withdrawal of your money, I would strongly suggest that you read the following federal guidelines as it relates to CTR’s as produced by the The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). All the federal regulations contained in this article are elucidated in this series of federal reports. Structuring and SAR 
There will undoubtedly be some geniuses whose math ability will tell them that all they have to do is to withdraw $9,999.99 and the bank and its protector, the federal government will be none the wiser. It is not quite that simple. The bank is required to file a Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) which serves to notify the federal government of an individual’s attempt to structure deposits or withdrawals by circumventing the $10,000 reporting requirement. 
Structuring transactions to prevent a CTR from being reported can result in imprisonment for not more than five years and/or a fine of up to $250,000. If structuring involves more than $100,000 in a twelve month period or is performed while violating another law of the federal government, the penalty is doubled. Enforcement 
Much like the enforcement of our tax laws, the federal government’s enforcement of its banking laws as it relates to CTR’s, SAR’s and subsequent structuring is quite draconian. Civilian asset forfeiture laws come into play. The government can seize your bank accounts while it determines if a crime has been committed. The government can literally seize your assets in perpetuity without an order of the court. Of course, you could try and sue but you will be up against the deep pockets of the federal government and the case could take years. By the time your case is decided, the financial banking crisis that you are so desperately trying to avoid by withdrawing your money, could be over. So, proceed with caution. Withdrawing Your Money From the Bank 
The best way to avoid getting your money caught in the bank in the midst of a bank run would be to not let the lion’s share of your money ever cross the bank. The simplest way to accomplish this is to prevent any form of deposit from going automatically into your account, as much as it is possible. 
Secondly, you need to begin to pay cash for everything. Let’s say that every 30 days, Bob cashes his check at the bank from his work worth $5,000 net pay. Bob leaves just enough in the bank to be able to conduct normal banking business. Bob walks out of the bank every month with the majority of the cash from his check. Bob should begin to pay cash for as much as he can, such as eating out, paying the electric bill (pay the bill in person), buying groceries, etc. When it becomes necessary to make a “big ticket” purchase, Bob could temporarily leave more in the bank to cover the writing of a check. 
You would also be wise to open multiple banking accounts ranging from the big five megabanks to your local credit unions. You could withdraw much smaller amounts until the sum total of your accounts is greatly diminished and is in your possession. To open the accounts, simply write a personal check from your home bank. Of course, in these cases, the bank could hold the check for 15-30 days. 
I cannot promise you that if you become the target of federal investigators, that you will not have your every financial move scrutinized and the feds will eventually discover the aggregate patterns of withdrawal. People who I interviewed told me that they believe that the federal government is in the process of getting the banking computers to “talk” to each other in a way that would reveal structuring, but that technology is not yet online. If you ever become the target of a federal investigation, do not, under any circumstances, allow yourself to be interviewed by federal officials without an attorney present. In many cases, people go to jail and pay huge fines, not because they have committed a federal crime, but because federal officials state that they have lied or misled them. And if you do not have an attorney present, it is your word versus the federal government. 
There are other sources besides banks that you can tap into for money which can be used to prepare for what is coming. 4o1K’s, IRA, et al 
If you were 100% convinced of an imminent crash, you would be foolish not to take your money out. However, the prepayment penalty of 50% is steep if you withdraw your funds before you are 59.5 years old. 
If you are retiring soon, take the lump sum option and convert all of these retirement monies to survival supplies and gold which you will need as the world emerges from the crash. 
The moral of the story is to become as liquid as possible, from a cash perspective. Getting access to your money is only the first part of being prepared to survive an economic crash. 3. Make a List 
Buy a good prepper book. Holly Deyo is an excellent source for this information (www.standdeyo.com). In the interim, procure your food, water, guns, ammo and home security adjustments. If you do not have a big dog, consider obtaining a pair. These animals will be your companion, home security system and ally if someone attempts to breach your home with bad intent. Of course, you will have to store dog food as well. 
Sit down and construct a list of what you will need after reading a good prepper book. 
Make all of you purchases in cash! You do not want to let the wrong people know what you are up to. 
4. Rural Vs. Urban We have to live our lives for today and it may not be possible to move to a rural area because of your job. However, one survivalist that I was speaking with estimates that the rate of survival for a country in economic chaos would be 10 times higher for rural residents as opposed to urban residents. Consider buying a place in an isolated area and commuting to work in the interim. 5. Pay Off Your Mortgage and Car Loans 
If you have a CD, a 401k or any other long-term investment, you might want to consider taking the penalty and executing a withdrawal and apply what’s left of the principal, usually about 50% of the original value, and paying down your major debts. 
After an economic collapse, you most likely will not have a job and your retirement and savings will likely be wiped out and confiscated. That is why it would be wise to pay down your debt while you can afford to do so because after the collapse, there will still be foreclosures and repossessions and if you and your family survive, you could be on the street if you cannot pay your bills. 
6. Buy Gold and Silver While You Can Afford It 
Goldman Sachs has been shorting gold. The elite have been hording gold as have the BRICS. These entities are telling you, by action, what medium of exchange is going to be of value following the collapse that is coming. 
Storing gold and silver is an economic survival strategy which will pay dividends after the smoke begins to clear in the post-collapse era. 
7. Practice Austerity Before Austerity Is Imposed On You 
It is critical to immediately eliminate all unnecessary expenses. Give yourself some operating capital. You may be able to purchase a bug-out residence in a rural area. You will certainly be able to afford more survival gear. 
In order to increase your immediate cash flow, start an at-home business. Start a business which has virtually no upfront and startup costs. Even if you are not able to generate much income, you will create a legal tax evasion strategy in which you can legally deduct many of your present activities and expenses (e.g. mileage, the purchase of any office supply, etc.) including survival gear. 
8. Create and Store Your Own Food 
With regard to storing food, you need to do so immediately. I recommend storing two years worth of food. However, you need to master the art of growing food inside your home. There are plenty of resources which can teach you how to do that. However, you would be wise if you would create a hiding place in which you can store food and water safely in a hidden location . If you are ever robbed, you will not have exhausted your food supplies. You are most likely to be robbed by FEMA or one of their mercenary groups (e.g. Academia) during the beginning of the crisis because food and water will be used as weapons to control you. I am personally aware of FEMA going to selected homeowners to catalogue their reserve food and water supplies. Remember, water is sunlight and temperature sensitive. There are plenty of prepper manuals that you can consult for instructions on how to meet these needs. The time to do these things is yesterday. 
The biggest threat to survival is death due to dehydration and starving to death. Contaminated water will also pose a threat. There are plenty of places to purchase large drums and obtain water tablets for water purification purposes. Obtain a pair of water filters in case you have to go mobile to survive. 
Finally, learn to grow your own food within your residence. Your garden will likely be raided by humans and hungry animals alike. There are plenty of prepper manuals which can teach you how to accomplish this task. 9. Personal Supplies Of course you will need toothpaste, toiletries, eating utensils, feminine hygiene supplies, etc. For a complete list of personal items see Steve Quayles list on his website . 
10. Horde Medicines and Medical Supplies 
If you or your family has a chronic health condition, it is critical that you have 6 months to a year in medicine. Also, you should research natural alternatives to treatment for health conditions in case you are not able to meet this goal due to the inability to obtain prescriptions. Don’t forget to obtain some pain medication and antibiotics in case of unforeseen emergencies. Make a trip to Mexico and sneak across medication in old pill bottles in order to escape detection by the Border Patrol who will ask you if you obtained medication in Mexico when you come back across the border. 
If you can safely ration your existing medication doses, do so and store the excesses. Make sure you also have a first aid kit. Take a First Aid class including CPR at your local fire station. 
Some are thinking that this is a lot of work. My response would be, how bad do you want you and your family to survive? 11. Guns and Ammunition 
Regardless of your moral convictions, ask yourself if you want your family to survive. 
Buy your guns off the books from private parties and at gun shows. “Keep guns for show and guns for go”. In other words, have a safe location that you can bury guns so that when gun confiscation begins, you will not be left totally defenseless. 
America needs to not only create safe and secure homes, but to create as many Warsaw ghettos as possible (look it up). We need to make ourselves a hard country to conquer and occupy. We cannot stop a treasonous leader from handing off the country to some foreign entity (e.g. the UN). However, occupation of America should be problematic for the blue-helmet wearing Russians, Chinese and other proxy forces training on our soil to occupy us. 
It is recommended that you have 3 types of weapons: (1) pistols for close in fighting; (2) shotguns for defense of the entrance to your home; and, (3) a rifle with a scope in order to fight back against long-range snipers that do not want to storm your home because you appear to be prepared. Immediately, obtain weapons instruction for you and your family, firearms training and then practice! Conduct mock raids on your residence so that you can see your vulnerabilities. An armed populace makes a people more feared by an abusive government. 
Do not forget about gas masks for each member of your family and make sure to store extras. If you have the means to obtain body armor, do so now, because Congress is preparing to outlaw the private use of body armor. 
12. Prepare to Survive in the Raw Elements and Build a Way of Life 
It is possible that you can learn to survive in the raw elements without heating and central air conditioning. You may not have lights. Obtain flashlights, many batteries and a hand crank radio. 
Make sure you have clothes befitting all weather that you may encounter because a crisis that begins in January, may not be over by August. 
Take a weekend and pretend the grid is down. This will allow you to see firsthand what supplies you will need. When should you perform this drill? There is no time like the present. 
To people with generators, congratulations on your foresight. However, if you are the only house on the block with lights, how long do you think it will be until you have unwanted visitors with bad intent? 
Get in shape, begin to walk, jog or run. The better shape you are in, the better. 
Don’t forget about procuring non-electronic forms of entertainment. This should include board games and educational materials for your children. You will want to establish some normalcy for the sake of your children. You are preparing to adopt a new way of life. Make the new life worth living. 
I would also recommend that every personal library contain The Constitution of the United States. After the chaos subsides, we will need to rebuild. You will not want to live in a “might makes right” society. 13. For Goodness Sake, Do Not Tell Anyone 
If your four adjacent neighbors broach the topic of preparedness, gauge the situation and then make an informed decision. If your neighbors are on board with preparing, that will help you form a defensive perimeter and a mutual alliance pact. Otherwise, tell nobody of your preparation plans. Do not tell your friends, family members, and co-workers. Make your preparations in cash or cashier’s checks as much as possible. Limit the paper trail to you. You do not want the government to know that you are prepared because you could be the first one on your block that is visited at 3AM. You and your mate should prepare in stealth. Kids talk and so do their friends. 14. PRAY! Survival is never guaranteed, salvation is! And do not forget one of your most important resources, your Bible. In a post-collapse America, it is likely that a religion will be forced upon the survivors and that religion will not be Christianity. Conclusion 
In an upside-down world in which the banks legally own your money, getting your money away from these criminal banks has become an art form. I cannot promise you that you will be able to retrieve all of your assets. However, I can promise you that if you do not act, you will lose everything and you will lack needed supplies to weather what is coming. 
I would strongly suggest that you keep your gas tank filled and you have plenty of cash, food and ammunition on hand. It is better to be safe than sorry. 
Breaking News: FBI Investigation Reopens The elite may be pulling their support for Hillary. She is, again, under investigation by the FBI. IF her plug is pulled, the violence may come sooner than we anticipated- Get to work America, we do not have long.",0
5597,"Review: ‘A Really Good Day,’ Ayelet Waldman’s Better Living Through LSD - The New York Times","Let’s just get this out of the way, shall we? Ayelet Waldman: intemperate tweeter, guerrilla oversharer, provocateur, literary exhibitionist, cyclone of sass. When The New York Times Book Review didn’t select her novel “Love and Treasure” as one of its 100 Notable Books of 2014, she unleashed a  tweetstorm of hurt. (  excerpt: “there are MANY books on that notable list with reviews that were NOWHERE near as good as mine. ”) When she announced in a 2005 essay that she loved her husband, the novelist Michael Chabon, more than she loved her children, outraged mothers everywhere clucked and   and when she expressed surprise, the chorus came back  —   Well, what on earth did you expect? But here’s my question for those who sneer at or   her new memoir about the possible therapeutic value of LSD, “A Really Good Day: How Microdosing Made a Mega Difference in My Mood, My Marriage, and My Life”: What on earth did you expect? Here is the truth about Ms. Waldman, which complicates matters for those who don’t like her: She has spent many years struggling with punishing, ungovernable moods. Originally, doctors told her she had bipolar II disorder years later, a psychiatrist decided premenstrual dysphoric disorder more closely corresponded with her symptoms, and Ms. Waldman agreed. But whatever it’s called, hers is not a mood disorder of the quiet, novelistic variety. It’s big and operatic, often driving her to do the very things for which she’s been publicly shamed: acting out, picking fights, trawling for affirmation. Just because she doesn’t have a picturesque version of melancholy doesn’t make it any less real or any less deserving of compassion. And after reading “A Really Good Day,” you understand just why Ms. Waldman might have been willing to experiment to find relief. She’d exhausted her family. She’d exhausted all manner of therapies. And she’d exhausted just about every drug in the pharmacopoeia  —   including the ones that sound like Spanish dances (Cymbalta, Strattera, Concerta) the ones that look like typing tests (Zoloft, Effexor, Seroquel) and the ones that could well be craters on the moon (Valium, Ambien, Lunesta). Her Ambien dependence proved particularly problematic. When she took too much, she’d have text exchanges with Mr. Chabon that looked like this: Hence Ms. Waldman’s   trial with LSD  —   10 micrograms every three days. A microdose, as she explains, is anywhere from   to   of what one would find on a   tab of acid. It doesn’t turn the world into a bubbling lava lamp. This dosage, taken at this rate, is “” according to the psychologist and former psychedelic researcher James Fadiman. Mr. Fadiman’s (admittedly informal, nonrandomized) research suggests that people who follow this protocol simply feel   …     better. Ms. Waldman wanted to know what something as luxuriously pedestrian as “better” was like. “A Really Good Day” is a captain’s log of her    trip. It combines daily reports of her moods with the research she’s done about the history of psychedelics and her extended meditations on drugs and the law. (Before becoming a writer, Ms. Waldman was a federal public defender.) And what does she find? That the experience really is transformative. “You’ve been much happier,” her younger daughter tells her. “You’ve been controlling your emotions. Like, when you’re angry, you’re  . ” The reader doesn’t have quite as uniformly positive an experience. Part of the problem is aesthetic: Ms. Waldman has a tendency to slide into the prefab language of psychotherapy or  . (“It is suddenly so obvious that what I need to do is just get out of my own way. ”) Her sense of humor can be unsubtle. (On the weak magic mushrooms she once tried in college: “It’s possible that all I ate was a handful of dried shiitakes dipped in cow manure. ”) She’s a fan of extended metaphors, and almost no one should be a fan of extended metaphors. They involve beating a dead horse, converting it to glue, and then discovering the glue doesn’t work. If you see what I mean. And her observations can be trite. Her anxious   while meditating  —   “Now you’re thinking about thinking! Stop berating yourself for thinking!”  —   will surprise exactly no one. But then Ms. Waldman will capture you with genuinely brave and human moments, like when she confesses that she yells at people because she enjoys it. Or when she says her talents aren’t considerable enough to earn her a great artist’s tempestuous mood swings. Or expresses guilt that her oldest child has had to bear the brunt of her anger and depression. Her reminiscences about her time defending poor, defenseless clients in Los Angeles are riveting. I am not sure they belong in this book  —   especially when she talks about the unfairness of our sentencing guidelines (I mean, agreed, but this is neither the time nor the place for  )  —   but I’d love to see an independent memoir about her legal work one day. Ms. Waldman’s survey of the history and literature of psychotropic drugs is informative, though it can also, on occasion, be too sloppy and loose. She casually drops the phrase “Alzheimer’  benzos” (short for benzodiazepines, that class of   drugs including Valium and Xanax) without so much as a footnote, and this claim is hardly settled science. She writes that Francis Crick “reportedly” experimented with LSD when he envisioned the double helix, and then takes it back in a footnote. “Couldn’t we just pretend it’s true?” she asks. No, we can’t. There are other uncareful moments of this kind, and other undocumented declarations. I mention them not to be picayune, but because writing about drug research is a delicate business, requiring a certain amount of control in one’s voice. You really don’t want readers doubting your authority when you’re making an argument in favor of a maligned and illegal substance. But it’s an argument that needs to be made. As she did with her 2009 essay collection, “Bad Mother,” which decriminalized ordinary mommy infractions and helped bring a sense of proportion to the messy enterprise of parenting, Ms. Waldman brings a huge dose of compassion and, yes, good sense to “A Really Good Day. ” Whatever her foibles or stylistic lapses, she makes a persuasive case for the therapeutic use of psychedelics. (Want to be inspired? Read the research on the effects of hallucinogens on dying cancer patients.) As ever, Ms. Waldman is wielding her powers of provocation to goad us into an uncomfortable but necessary conversation. Quibble with her style, her methods, her desire to attract attention. In normalizing the conversation about LSD, she may one day help others feel normal.",0
5598,Russia’s super secret spy submarine returns to sea…. AFTER 16 YEARS.,"Russia’s super secret spy submarine returns to sea…. AFTER 16 YEARS.   Tweet 
Earlier this month, a Russian ballistic missile submarine (SSBN) called Podmoskovie slipped out of its pier at Severodvinsk for the first time in 16 years. 
But BS-64 Podmoskovie—which was commissioned in 1986 as a Project 667BDRM Delfin-class (NATO: Delta IV) SSBN designated K-64—is no ordinary boomer. Over the course of nearly two decades, the massive submarine was modified to conduct special missions. But exactly what those missions might be remains somewhat of a mystery. 
Podmoskovie was photographed leaving the shipyard for contractor sea trials on Oct. 22 by Oleg Kuleshov, who writes for the BMPD blog—a product of the Moscow-based Centre for the Analysis of Strategies and Technologies.",0
5599,Facebook Working on Brain-Computer Interface to Translate Thoughts to Text - Breitbart,"Facebook’s Building 8 “moon shot” division is developing a direct    interface, allowing users to type words with their mind. [Scientific American reports that Facebook is working on a device that would allow users to type words using a   interface (BCI). The device would reportedly be strapped to a user’s head and decode words thought by the user, with those words then typed on a computer or smartphone at speeds of up to 100 words per minute.  The device aims to use light waves to accurately read brain waves, a challenging feat, as current BCI’s must by surgically implanted into the user’s brain to function and can only translate neural impulses into simple actions. Users with these types of BCI’s can answer yes or no questions and click a mouse cursor but at slower speeds than what Facebook hopes to achieve. Facebook’s BCI would use optical fibers to direct photons from a laser source through a person’s skull and into the cerebral cortex, focusing on the areas of the brain responsible for speech. Regina Dugan, head of Facebook’s Building 8 and former executive at DARPA, explained the BCI would “sample groups of neurons [in the brain’s speech center] and analyze the instantaneous changes in optical properties as they fire. ” Facebook’s BCI “would measure the number and type of photons that are bounced off the neurons” in the brain’s cortex, sending that information to a computer that would use   software to translate the information into readable text. Mark Chevillet, Building 8’s technical lead on the project, said, “In this system we’re looking to decode neural signals from the stage just before you actually articulate what you want to say. ” Adam Gazzaley, founder and executive director of U. C. San Francisco’s Neuroscape translational neuroscience center, says that regardless of whether or not Facebook succeeds in the development of their BCI, their research could prove invaluable to science in the future. “We have increasing struggles to squeeze money out of the National Institutes of Health, especially to do     projects like what Facebook is describing,” said Gazzaley. “It’s a great sign and should be encouraged and applauded if large companies in the consumer space are taking such serious efforts to be innovative in neuroscience. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5600,One Treaty Could Change the Fight to Stop the Dakota Access Pipeline,"Tweet Widget by Yessenia Funes 
The fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline isn’t only about water rights and sacred sites; it’s also about the U.S. government’s historical refusal to honor treaties—when “they interfered with Manifest Destiny.” Washington violated its treaty with the Sioux in 1877, and later declared its power to void all Native treaties. “There are now talks of using the treaty to legally regain land rights to end the pipeline's construction.” One Treaty Could Change the Fight to Stop the Dakota Access Pipeline by Yessenia Funes 
This article previously appeared in ColorLines and Portside . 
“ Highway 1806 has become the no surrender line.” 
When activists talk about the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline [1] and the Native uprising surrounding its construction, they often frame it with regard to the environment. Water. Sacred burial grounds. Grandmother Earth. 
Opponents site potential environmental risks to water resources like the Missouri and Mississippi rivers to defend their stance against the 1,172-mile long pipeline, which would have the capacity to transport up to 570,000 barrels of crude oil a day from the Bakken oilfields of North Dakota to markets across the U.S. 
What many ignore, however, is another facet of the #NoDAPL [2] movement: Native sovereignty. 
Most of the confrontations between water protectors and law enforcement are occurring near the Standing Rock Reservation. The reservation currently takes up roughly 3,625 square miles [3] across southeastern North Dakota and into South Dakota. More than 8,000 people [4] live in scattered communities, all connected by a common history—one which includes land theft and treaty violations. 
The construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline has brought this history to the current day. “Our standoff is on treaty land, so we have every right to defend what is rightfully ours,” says Cody Hall, a Lakota civil rights activist with the Cheyenne River Tribe who has spent time on the frontlines in North Dakota. 
When he speaks of “treaty land,” he’s referring to land allotted to the Great Sioux Nation by the Treaty of Fort Laramie of 1851 and 1868. 
“Our standoff is on treaty land, so we have every right to defend what is rightfully ours.” 
The revised treaty established the Great Sioux Reservation in 1868, which the federal governement would eventually shrink to what became the Standing Rock Reservation. The treaty land crisscrossed between seven present-day states—North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming and Montana—including the reservation and unceded territories reserved for hunting. 
These boundaries were created to ensure peace between Native people and colonizers. The temptations of gold, however, meant that travelers were soon in tribal territory. Almost immediately after its conception in 1851, the U.S. violated the treaty by not policing its citizens' entry onto Native land. 
For Native Americans, treaties function as the law of the land. Article VI of the U.S. Constitution clearly states: 
This Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. 
The U.S. government would honor treaties—until they interfered with Manifest Destiny. “It was all about colonial expansion,” says Frank Pommersheim, a professor at the University of South Dakota School of Law who specializes in Indian law. In 1877, without consent from the Sioux, the United States stole their sacred Black Hills. The land was the center of their world, their birthplace. 
This act set in stone U.S.-tribal relations. From then on, the United States slowly diminished the land it left for tribal peoples. By 1889, the Great Sioux Reservation became what it is today: 3,625 square miles tucked between North and South Dakota, stripped of ancestral burial grounds and lush buffalo populations with which the Sioux used to coexist. 
In 1903, fewer than 30 years after the Black Hills seizement, the Supreme Court ruled in Lone Wolf v. Hitchcock [5] that Congress may unilaterally break treaties between the U.S. and Native Americans using its plenary power. “It is unfortunately a part of American law. That basic precept is totally unacceptable to Native people in the context of treaties,” Pommersheim explains. ""It is just a collision between cultures and different understandings and interpretation of what treaties actually mean."" 
“Almost immediately after its conception in 1851, the U.S. violated the treaty by not policing its citizens' entry onto Native land.” 
He is correct that a vast number of Native Americans find this unacceptable. 
“To us [these treaties] are very much still alive and a part of our everyday life,” says Remi Bald Eagle, the intergovernmental affairs coordinator for the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe in South Dakota. “We still honor those treaties, and I know the chairman has said that he expects America to do the same.” 
And while the U.S. has violated said treaties over the past century, it’s never declared the treaties null or void, Bald Eagle adds. 
With the Treaty of Fort Laramie in mind, water protectors opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline have tried to take action. On October 23, pipeline opponents declared eminent domain [6] over land owned by Energy Transfer, the company behind the pipeline, by citing the treaty. Joye Braun, an Indigenous Environmental Network organizer, said in a statement: 
We have never ceded this land. If DAPL can go through and claim eminent domain on landowners and Native peoples on their own land, then we as sovereign nations can then declare eminent domain on our own aboriginal homeland. We are here to protect the burial sites here. Highway 1806 has become the no surrender line. 
The Sacred Ground Camp had already existed for over a month with about 300 people camped out, but occupiers extended the camp on October 23 by creating three road blockades to prevent militarized law enforcement from entering. (This came just a day after police arrested roughly 127 water protectors [7] directly across the road from where private security for Energy Transfer had unleashed dogs [8] on activists one month earlier.) The camp also intended to halt construction where the remaining proposed pipeline route would connect with the Missouri River. 
Four days after declaring eminent domain for the camp, on October 27, law enforcement from seven states arrived there fully equipped with riot gear, all-terrain vehicles, armored vehicles and helicopters. They arrested 141 water protectors [9]—after beating them with batons and issuing pepper spray. Law enforcement ultimately destroyed the camp, along with its tipis and sweat lodges. 
“We did everything in our power that we could do to defend our camp in a nonviolent approach,” says Cody Hall of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe. “Because the only way to really defend it would have became a violent approach because you're meeting officers with a force of weaponry.” 
“We still honor those treaties, and I know the chairman has said that he expects America to do the same.” 
There are now talks of using the treaty to legally regain land rights to end the pipeline's construction, according to Hall and others on-site. There is a precedent for taking this approach: In May, the Lummi in Washington state called on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reject a coal terminal permit on the premise that it would harm Lummi fishing grounds, which the federal government is legally mandated to protect per an 1855 treaty. The Lummi won [10]. No terminal was built, fishing grounds were not harmed and the treaty was honored. 
“[DAPL] brings to the surface all the issues dealing with treaties,"" says Bald Eagle. ""It brings up all the wrongdoings that have been happening in the past. The American government has repeatedly shoved all of their wrongdoings underneath the rug, and the issue with the Dakota Access Pipeline has pulled that rug off, and now we have to look at everything that’s been done wrong.” 
He lays out three choices for the U.S. government: correct its wrongs, put the rug back or commit another wrong. 
President Barack Obama [11], when interviewed by social media news site NowThis, stated that the Corps is figuring out [12] how to reroute the pipeline over the next several weeks, saying, ""There is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans."" But construction has nearly reached the Missouri River, sacred water for the Sioux. Several more weeks may be too late. Yessenia Funes is the climate justice reporter for Colorlines. She was previously an editor at YES! Magazine, where she covered racial justice with a solutions lens. Her work has appeared in Grist, AlterNet, Public Radio International, and Truthout.",0
5601,"Bill O’Reilly Thrives at Fox News, Even as Harassment Settlements Add Up - The New York Times","For nearly two decades, Bill O’Reilly has been Fox News’s top asset, building the No. 1 program in cable news for a network that has pulled in billions of dollars in revenues for its parent company, 21st Century Fox. Behind the scenes, the company has repeatedly stood by Mr. O’Reilly as he faced a series of allegations of sexual harassment or other inappropriate behavior. An investigation by The New York Times has found a total of five women who have received payouts from either Mr. O’Reilly or the company in exchange for agreeing to not pursue litigation or speak about their accusations against him. The agreements totaled about $13 million. Two settlements came after the network’s former chairman, Roger Ailes, was dismissed last summer in the wake of a sexual harassment scandal, when the company said it did not tolerate behavior that “disrespects women or contributes to an uncomfortable work environment. ” The women who made allegations against Mr. O’Reilly either worked for him or appeared on his show. They have complained about a wide range of behavior, including verbal abuse, lewd comments, unwanted advances and phone calls in which it sounded as if Mr. O’Reilly was masturbating, according to documents and interviews. The reporting suggests a pattern: As an influential figure in the newsroom, Mr. O’Reilly would create a bond with some women by offering advice and promising to help them professionally. He then would pursue sexual relationships with them, causing some to fear that if they rebuffed him, their careers would stall. Of the five settlements, two were previously known  —   one for about $9 million in 2004 with a producer, and another struck last year with a former   personality, which The Times reported on in January. The Times has learned new details related to those cases. The three other settlements were uncovered by The Times. Two involved sexual harassment claims against Mr. O’Reilly, and the other was for verbal abuse related to an episode in which he berated a young producer in front of newsroom colleagues. Besides the women who reached settlements, two other women have spoken of inappropriate behavior by the host. A former regular guest on his show, Wendy Walsh, told The Times that after she rebuffed an advance from him he didn’t follow through on a verbal offer to secure her a lucrative position at the network. And a former Fox News host named Andrea Tantaros said Mr. O’Reilly sexually harassed her in a lawsuit she filed last summer against the network and Mr. Ailes. Representatives for 21st Century Fox would not discuss specific accusations against Mr. O’Reilly, but in a written statement to The Times the company acknowledged it had addressed the issue with him. “21st Century Fox takes matters of workplace behavior very seriously,” the statement said. “Notwithstanding the fact that no current or former Fox News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly, even anonymously, we have looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O’Reilly. While he denies the merits of these claims, Mr. O’Reilly has resolved those he regarded as his personal responsibility. Mr. O’Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News. ” According to legal experts, companies occasionally settle disputes that they believe have little merit because it is less risky than taking the matters to trial, which can be costly and create a string of embarrassing headlines. The revelations about Mr. O’Reilly, 67, come after sexual harassment accusations against Mr. Ailes led to an internal investigation that found women at Fox News faced harassment. Current and former Fox News employees told The Times that they feared making complaints to network executives or the human resources department. Mr. Ailes, who has denied the allegations against him, received $40 million as part of his exit package. The company has reached settlements with at least six women who accused Mr. Ailes of sexual harassment, according to a person briefed on the agreements. At the time of Mr. Ailes’s departure, 21st Century Fox’s top executives, James and Lachlan Murdoch, the sons of the executive chairman, Rupert Murdoch, said the company was committed to “maintaining a work environment based on trust and respect. ” Since then, the company has struck two settlements involving Mr. O’Reilly, and learned of one Mr. O’Reilly reached secretly in 2011. The company declined to answer questions about whether Mr. O’Reilly had ever been disciplined. Mr. O’Reilly has thrived since joining Fox News in 1996. He earns an annual salary of about $18 million as the host of “The O’Reilly Factor. ” Every weeknight at 8 p. m. he presents a pugnacious,    viewpoint and a fervent strain of patriotism that appeals to conservative viewers. His value to the company is enormous. From 2014 through 2016, the show generated more than $446 million in advertising revenues, according to the research firm Kantar Media. This is a sensitive time for Fox News as it continues to deal with the fallout of the Ailes scandal. The network is facing an investigation by the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, which is looking into how the company structured settlements. Fox News has said that neither it nor 21st Century Fox has received a subpoena but that they have “been in communication with the U. S. attorney’s office for months. ” Details on the allegations against Mr. O’Reilly and the company’s handling of them are based on more than five dozen interviews with current and former employees of Fox News and its former and current parent companies, News Corporation and 21st Century Fox representatives for the network and people close to Mr. O’Reilly and the women. Most spoke on the condition of anonymity, citing confidentiality agreements and fear of retaliation. The Times also examined more than 100 pages of documents and court filings related to the complaints. Ms. Walsh, the former guest on Mr. O’Reilly’s show, said his offer to make her a contributor never materialized after she declined an invitation to go to his hotel suite after a dinner in 2013. “I feel bad that some of these old guys are using mating strategies that were acceptable in the 1950s and are not acceptable now,” she said. “I hope young men can learn from this. ” She said romantic relationships at the workplace “should never happen when there is an imbalance of power and colleagues shouldn’t unwittingly be manipulated into obtaining sex for somebody. ” Just over a week ago, Mr. O’Reilly hired the crisis communications expert Mark Fabiani  —   who worked in the Clinton White House  —   to respond to The Times. In a statement, Mr. O’Reilly suggested that his prominence made him a target. “Just like other prominent and controversial people,” the statement read, “I’m vulnerable to lawsuits from individuals who want me to pay them to avoid negative publicity. In my more than 20 years at Fox News Channel, no one has ever filed a complaint about me with the Human Resources Department, even on the anonymous hotline. “But most importantly, I’m a father who cares deeply for my children and who would do anything to avoid hurting them in any way. And so I have put to rest any controversies to spare my children. “The worst part of my job is being a target for those who would harm me and my employer, the Fox News Channel. Those of us in the arena are constantly at risk, as are our families and children. My primary efforts will continue to be to put forth an honest TV program and to protect those close to me. ” Fredric S. Newman, a lawyer for Mr. O’Reilly, said in a statement Friday evening, “We are now seriously considering legal action to defend Mr. O’Reilly’s reputation. ” Fox News has been aware of complaints about inappropriate behavior by Mr. O’Reilly since at least 2002, when Mr. O’Reilly stormed into the newsroom and screamed at a young producer, according to current and former employees, some of whom witnessed the incident. Shortly thereafter, the woman, Rachel Witlieb Bernstein, left the network with a payout and bound by a confidentiality agreement, people familiar with the deal said. The exact amount she was paid is not known, but it was far less than the other settlements. The case did not involve sexual harassment. Two years later, allegations about Mr. O’Reilly entered the public arena in lurid fashion when a producer on his show, Andrea Mackris, then 33, filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him. In the suit, she said he had told her to buy a vibrator, called her at times when it sounded as if he was masturbating and described sexual fantasies involving her. Ms. Mackris had recorded some of the conversations, people familiar with the case said. Ms. Mackris also said in the suit that Mr. O’Reilly, who was married at the time (he and his wife divorced in 2011) threatened her, saying he would make any woman who complained about his behavior “pay so dearly that she’ll wish she’d never been born. ” Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly adopted an aggressive strategy that served as a stark warning of what could happen to women if they came forward with complaints, current and former employees told The Times. Before Ms. Mackris even filed suit, Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly surprised her with a   suit of their own, asserting she was seeking to extort $60 million in return for not going public with “scandalous and scurrilous” claims about him. “This is the single most evil thing I have ever experienced, and I have seen a lot,” he said on his show the day both suits were filed. “But these people picked the wrong guy. ” A public relations firm was hired to help shape the narrative in Mr. O’Reilly’s favor, and the private investigator Bo Dietl was retained to dig up information on Ms. Mackris. The goal was to depict her as a promiscuous woman, deeply in debt, who was trying to shake down Mr. O’Reilly, according to people briefed on the strategy. Several unflattering stories about her appeared in the tabloids. After two weeks of sensational headlines, the two sides settled, and Mr. O’Reilly agreed to pay Ms. Mackris about $9 million, according to people briefed on the agreement. The parties agreed to issue a public statement that “no wrongdoing whatsoever” had occurred. In the years that followed, Mr. O’Reilly and Fox News dealt with sexual harassment allegations in private, striking agreements with three more women. In 2011, Rebecca Gomez Diamond, who had hosted a show on the Fox Business Network  —   also supervised by Mr. Ailes  —   was told the network was not renewing her contract. Similar to Ms. Mackris, she had recorded conversations with Mr. O’Reilly, according to people familiar with the case. Armed with the recordings, her lawyers went to the company and outlined her complaints against him. Ms. Diamond left the network, bound by a confidentiality agreement, and Mr. O’Reilly paid the settlement, two of the people said. The exact amount of the payout is not known. Although that deal was made nearly six years ago, Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox, learned of it only in late 2016 when it conducted an investigation into Fox News under Mr. Ailes’s tenure, according to another person familiar with the matter. In the aftermath of Mr. Ailes’s ouster last summer, as 21st Century Fox was completing settlements and trying to put the scandal behind it, it reached deals with two women who had complained about sexual harassment by Mr. O’Reilly. One was Laurie Dhue, a Fox News anchor from 2000 to 2008. Though Ms. Dhue had not raised sexual harassment issues during her tenure or upon her departure, her lawyers went to the company to outline her harassment claims against Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Ailes, according to people briefed on the complaints. In response, 21st Century Fox reached a settlement with her for over $1 million, according to a person briefed on the agreement. In September, 21st Century Fox reached a settlement worth $1. 6 million with Juliet Huddy, who had made regular appearances on Mr. O’Reilly’s show, according to people familiar with the matter. Ms. Huddy’s lawyers had told the company that Mr. O’Reilly pursued a sexual relationship in 2011, at a time he exerted significant influence over her airtime. Among Ms. Huddy’s complaints was that he made inappropriate phone calls, the lawyers said in correspondence obtained by The Times. The letter said that when he tried to kiss her, she pulled away and fell to the ground and he didn’t help her up. When she rebuffed him, he tried to blunt her career prospects, the letter said. Ms. Huddy was eventually moved to an early morning show on WNYW, an affiliate station, where she worked until she left the company in September. Before Ms. Huddy reached an agreement with 21st Century Fox, Mr. Newman, Mr. O’Reilly’s lawyer, sent a letter to her lawyer outlining some embarrassing personal issues he said Ms. Huddy had. He stated that she would “face significant credibility concerns if she tries to pursue a claim against Mr. O’Reilly. ” The letter, which was obtained by The Times, said that if she were to follow through with a claim against Mr. O’Reilly, he would pursue legal action “to hold Ms. Huddy, and all who have assisted her, personally liable for any damage suffered by him or his family. ” In January, when The Times and others reported on Ms. Huddy’s settlement, representatives for Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly dismissed the allegations. Fox News is now in a legal battle with Ms. Tantaros, the former   personality who is suing the network and Mr. Ailes after turning down a settlement offer of nearly $1 million. Mr. O’Reilly is not a defendant, but in the suit Ms. Tantaros said that in early 2016 Mr. O’Reilly had asked “her to come to stay with him on Long Island where it would be ‘very private,’” and told her “on more than one occasion that he could ‘see [her] as a wild girl,’” according to court documents. In an affidavit filed under oath, Ms. Tantaros’s psychologist, Michele Berdy, who treated her from 2013 to 2016, said she recalled “a number of occasions when Andrea complained to me about recurring unwanted advances from Bill O’Reilly. ” Fox News said it investigated Ms. Tantaros’s claims and found them baseless. The company explained her departure by saying she published a book that violated company policy. In court papers, the network said that she “is not a victim she is an opportunist” and that her allegations bore “all the hallmarks of the wannabe. ” Ms. Walsh, the former guest on “The O’Reilly Factor,” told The Times she was propositioned by Mr. O’Reilly in 2013 but did not lodge a complaint because she did not want to harm her career prospects. Ms. Walsh said that she met Mr. O’Reilly for a dinner, arranged by his secretary, at the restaurant in the Hotel   in Los Angeles. During the dinner, she said, he told her he was friends with Mr. Ailes, and promised to make her a network contributor  —   a job that can pay several hundred thousand dollars a year. After dinner, she said, Mr. O’Reilly invited her to his hotel suite. Ms. Walsh said she declined. Trying to remain cordial, she suggested that they go to the hotel bar instead. Once there, she said, he became hostile, telling her that she could forget any career advice he had given her and that she was on her own. He also told her that her black leather purse was ugly. Ms. Walsh continued to appear on his show for about four months, but she said she sensed that he had become cold toward her on camera. Then, a producer for “The O’Reilly Factor” told Ms. Walsh that she would no longer appear on the show. She was never made a contributor. “I knew my hopes of a career at Fox News were in jeopardy after that evening,” said Ms. Walsh, now an adjunct professor of psychology at California State University, Channel Islands, and a radio host at KFI AM 640 in Los Angeles. A person briefed on the network’s decision said that Ms. Walsh was removed from the broadcast because the program’s ratings declined during her segments. Ms. Mackris, the producer who sued Mr. O’Reilly in 2004, never worked in television news again. In the years after the dispute, she suffered from   stress and spent years seeing a therapist, struggling to figure out how to create a new life, according to interviews with people close to her at the time. Ms. Mackris’s settlement prevents her from talking about Fox News and her dispute with Mr. O’Reilly, according to people briefed on the deal. But she is allowed to talk about her life now. Today, Ms. Mackris lives with her cats in an   condo in her hometown, St. Louis, where she keeps bowls of colorful gumballs on tabletops. Her family is close by. She has traveled the world, volunteered, returned to school, discovered prayer and meditation, and started writing. She is working on a book she researched and wrote over the past four years about a woman who fled Romania during World War II. “A few years ago, I heard about a pair of natural pearl earrings forgotten in a drawer for 35 years that had just sold for millions at auction,” Ms. Mackris said. “They’d been given to a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II, and I was immediately and completely taken by her story. ” “She lived in exile,” Ms. Mackris continued. “She lived in silence. And I got really curious about three things: How did she live with it all? Did she forgive them? And was she free?” At Fox News, Mr. O’Reilly has continued his dominance. In the months since the presidential election, as the network has pulled in record ratings, his show has averaged 3. 9 million viewers a night, according to Nielsen. Since September, he has released three books, including one for children, adding to his growing publishing empire. And in February, Mr. O’Reilly landed a coveted interview with President Trump before the Super Bowl. Mr. O’Reilly was an early defender of Mr. Ailes and Fox News during that sexual harassment scandal last summer. His support remained resolute into the fall, after the company had reached agreements to settle the harassment claims from Ms. Huddy and Ms. Dhue. In November, he chided Megyn Kelly, his colleague at the time, after she described being sexually harassed by Mr. Ailes in her memoir. “If somebody is paying you a wage, you owe that person or company allegiance,” he said on his nightly show, without mentioning Ms. Kelly by name. “You don’t like what’s happening in the workplace, go to human resources or leave. ”",0
5602,"BREAKING: Two Cops Shot, Killed in ‘Ambush Style’ Attacks While Sitting in Their Vehicles, Shooter At Large","— Marianne Lyles (@MarianneLyles) November 2, 2016 

Police are still developing information on a suspect and have warned that the scene remains dangerous. 
“There’s definitely danger out there, someone is out there shooting police officers,” officer Parizek said. 
2 officers killed: “There’s literally a clear and present danger if you’re a police officer” https://t.co/MjAzXn8pUr 
— Des Moines Register (@DMRegister) November 2, 2016 

Des Moines PD have paired up their officers as a precaution following the shootings. 
“We are always vigilant about our safety, but we still got to get out there and do it,” Parizek told the media. 
Des Moines police briefing press re: officers shot: “I can’t even begin to talk about how bad this is” @news4buffalo 
— Katie Alexander (@KatieNews4) 2 November 2016 

Police will not be releasing names of either officer during initial presser, family getting notified. At least two more expected during day pic.twitter.com/9qIshG9jPP 
— Jacob J. Peklo (@JacobPekloTV) 2 November 2016 

The Urbandale Schools District said that all schools will be closed Wednesday as a result of the fatal shootings and ongoing investigation. 
All @UrbandaleSchool Schools & Adventuretime cancelled today Wed Nov 2. All buildings closed. Staff do not report to buildings #UCSDAlert 
— Urbandale Schools (@UrbandaleSchool) November 2, 2016 

1st look at scene where 2 officers were shot & killed in an apparent ambush in Des Moines. Following this #BREAKING news in the #AlertCenter pic.twitter.com/c3kYpNRrrU 
— Julian Glover (@JulianGloverTV) November 2, 2016 

In a statement the governor’s office said that “an attack on public safety officers is an attack on the public safety of all Iowans.” 
“We call on Iowans to support our law enforcement officials in bringing this suspect to justice,” it added. Share Google + phyllis.goldner 
I gain around 6.000-8.000 bucks monthly for freelancing i do from my home. Everyone prepared to do basic freelance jobs for 2h-5h a day from comfort of your home and get reasonable paycheck for doing it… This is a work for you… http://chilp.it/8d93f4b Phil Freeman 
Fuck off! Phil Freeman 
This is the result of the vicinage no longer tolerating roaming, uniformed, armed, militarized, abusive, banker revenue agents preying upon the working poor. No cop is safe, and this, however unfortunate, can and will continue. I suggest the police nation wide reconsider their role in OUR society. A come to geezuz moment of clarity is in order, that is unless you wish to continue digging holes. We are tired of your shit. ACAB! AlPennG 
AT THE PRESS BRIEFING THE OFFICER CALLED THE PERSON THAT SHOT THE OFFICERS A COWARD WHICH THEY ARE BUT WHAT DO YOU CALL CRIMINAL COPS THAT SHOT UNARMED AMERICANS IN THE STREETS AND IN THE HOMES!?!?!? I WOULD LIKE HIM TO TELL US THAT Social Trending BREAKING: Two Cops Shot, Killed in ‘Ambush Style’ Attacks While Sitting in Their Vehicles, Shooter At Large November 2, 2016 Breaking: Podesta Told Mills ‘Dump All Those Emails’ on Day News of Clinton’s Private Email Server Broke November 1, 2016",0
5603,Battle Over Dakota Access Pipeline Should Be the Most Important of the Year,"Battle Over Dakota Access Pipeline Should Be the Most Important of the Year Posted on Nov 3, 2016 
By Sonali Kolhatkar A protester against the controversial Dakota Access pipeline project takes a stand before law enforcement officers Oct. 27 as police and other forces attempt to force activists from a camp set up in the path of pipeline construction near Cannon Ball, N.D. ( James MacPherson / AP Photo ) 
More than a million people around the U.S. have “ checked in ” via Facebook to Standing Rock Indian Reservation in Cannon Ball, N.D. While this began as an attempt to confuse Morton County Sheriff’s Department officials thought to be digitally surveilling activists, the check-ins morphed into a collective gesture of solidarity. They are also a measure of how deeply the Standing Rock Sioux tribe’s fight over the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL) resonates with the American public. A similar measure is apparent in how crowd-funding campaigns set up by activists have far outpaced their funding goals— one effort to raise $5,000 ended up generating more than $1 million. Americans who are unable to physically lend their support are eager to participate in some way in the struggle against the pipeline that one New York Times op-ed writer equates with the Keystone XL pipeline fight . 
The DAPL conflict is symbolic of so many wrongs and is at the intersection of so many issues that it is no wonder it is shaping up to be the most important contemporary struggle in the U.S. It embodies, in particular, the historic mistreatment of Native Americans, as well as their ongoing efforts to preserve their sovereignty. It is also a matter of environmental racism, given that the pipeline is routed under the water source of a vulnerable minority. Short-term pollution from pipelines and other oil infrastructure, as well as the longer-term pollution of greenhouse gases that affect the climate, are also part of the DAPL story. 
In the massive police response against protesters, we are seeing horrifying examples of police brutality and witnessing how state power protects private commercial interest and preserves corporate domination over people. This has engendered domestic solidarity from the Black Lives Matter movement, labor groups and others who consider it a common struggle, as well as international solidarity offered by oppressed communities, such as Palestinians. Many threads are coming together to weave a tapestry of struggle. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
The fight to stop the DAPL is a perfect storm of issues, a convergence of ills that represents so much of what is wrong with American society that needs desperately to be fixed. A growing list of celebrities—including actors Shailene Woodley, Mark Ruffalo and Chris Hemsworth, as well as musicians Neil Young and Dave Matthews—are lending their star power to the cause and turning their fans on to it. 
The fact that our elected officials are so deafeningly silent on this crucial struggle is exactly why many Americans are disillusioned by our electoral system. GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has said nothing about the pipeline project, perhaps because he has numerous business interests tied to it. But Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who ought to be a natural ally to the “water protectors,” as they refer to themselves, had to be shamed into issuing a statement. Indigenous youths from various tribes occupied her campaign office in Brooklyn, N.Y., recently to demand she take a stand against the pipeline. When she issued a statement , it was a meaningless request that “all voices should be heard and all views considered.” Her campaign chairman, John Podesta, spouted similar nonsense in a recent interview, saying, “I think she believes that stakeholders need to get together at this point. ... It’s important that all voices are heard.” 
Similarly, President Obama, who seems to have very little to lose by stopping the project voluntarily halting its project. The company, obviously, did not comply. However the President did suggest in open letter to Obama , calling on him to “take a bold stand” against the project. 
It’s not just most elected officials and candidates running for office who are silent. Mainstream corporate media outlets have only recently begun covering the protests at Standing Rock, although they began in April. In September, the media watchdog group Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting called out TV networks for their “blackout” of the story. Even with increased media coverage, there has been little focus from traditional media outlets on police brutality against water protectors and journalists and the extreme felony charges many of them are facing.",0
5604,Visa Applications Pour In by Truckload Before Door Slams Shut - The New York Times,"LAGUNA NIGUEL, Calif.  —   The delivery trucks began arriving with their precious parcels before daybreak, lining up outside a massive government edifice that rises above Orange County’s suburban sprawl. On Monday, the starting gun went off on application season for   visas, known as   visas, which allow employers, primarily technology companies, to bring in foreign workers for three years at a time. For the last few years, the federal government has been so overwhelmed by applications that it has stopped accepting them within a week of opening day, hence the line of trucks trying to deliver applications before the doors close on the program for another year. And this year, the rush has escalated to an   scramble because the future of the   program  is unclear. Hailed by proponents as vital to American innovation, the program has also been criticized as a scheme to displace United States workers with cheaper foreign labor. President Trump has vowed to overhaul it, and lawmakers from both parties have drafted bills to alter it. At campaign rallies, Mr. Trump introduced   Americans who had been asked to train their foreign successors at companies that included Disney. “We won’t let this happen anymore,” he thundered in one stump speech about the practice, which he has called “outrageous” and “demeaning. ” This past weekend, United States Citizenship and Immigration Services announced a technical change that could make it harder for   programmers to receive the visas, and on Monday, the Justice Department warned that it would investigate companies that it believed had overlooked qualified American workers. “The Justice Department will not tolerate employers’ misusing the   visa process to discriminate against U. S. workers,” Thomas Wheeler, the head of the department’s civil rights division, said in a statement. Each year, 65, 000   visas are made available to workers with bachelor’s degrees, and 20, 000 more are earmarked for those with master’s degrees or higher. When the gates swung open at the government processing center here on Monday, the first truck in line, a FedEx rig, carried 15, 000 packages, said a courier, Andrew Langyo. “We’re loaded, and we have more trucks coming,” said Mr. Langyo, who would return two hours later in the same truck with another haul. Last year, the government received 236, 000 applications in the first week before deciding it would accept no more. A computer randomly chooses the winners. The average   petition, a collection of forms and documents attesting to the bona fides of a job offer and the person chosen to fill it, is about two inches thick. But some files are six inches thick and weigh several pounds, according to Bill Yates, a former director of the Vermont Service Center, which also processes   applications. Mr. Yates recalled some mishaps, like the time a driver bound for the center in Vermont drove 50 miles unaware that his truck’s back door had swung open, spilling its cargo onto the road. The visas are attractive not only to the companies that file the applications, but also to the workers themselves, who can become eligible for a green card while working on an  . Among the petitions expected to land in California’s center is that of Minh Nguyen, a   engineer from Vietnam who was sponsored for an   by BitTitan, a cloud software company in Kirkland, Wash. It is his second attempt at a visa. “In America, you’re in the center of new technology and   changes in the I. T. industry,” said Mr. Nguyen, 25. “I would contribute directly to the company and to software development in the U. S. ” In 2014, the last year for which information is available, just 13 outsourcing firms accounted for a third of all granted visas. The top recipients were Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys and Wipro, all based in India. The companies, which subcontract their employees to banks, retailers and other businesses in the United States to do programming, accounting and other work, often inundate the immigration service with tens of thousands of applications. BitTitan, a growing company that hopes to hire 60 engineers in the next 12 months, is submitting six applications. “We are trying to fill specific positions around cloud and artificial intelligence,” the chief executive, Geeman Yip, said. “If we can’t fill them, our innovation suffers. ” Several bipartisan bills in the Senate and the House seek to make companies give more priority to American workers before they fill jobs with   visas. They also seek to raise the minimum pay for the jobs, which depend on skill level and location: A computer systems analyst in Pittsburgh, for example, must make at least $49, 000 under current regulations. The theory is that higher pay will eliminate some of the rationale for importing workers. A draft of a presidential executive order on “protecting American jobs and workers by strengthening the integrity of foreign worker visa programs” was distributed widely in late January but never signed. Then, without warning, Citizenship and Immigration Services published a memo on its website over the weekend that could affect many applications. Specifically, companies seeking to import computer programmers at the lowest pay levels will have to prove that the work they perform qualifies as “specialty” labor, which is what the   visas were created for. “There will be greater scrutiny of the role the company wants to fill,” said Lynden Melmed, a lawyer in Washington and a former chief counsel for the immigration service. The measure appears to be directed mainly at outsourcing firms, rather than the big technology companies, which tend to hire workers at higher skill and pay levels. In a statement, the National Association of Software and Services Companies, the main trade group for India’s outsourcing industry, said, “The   visa system exists specifically because the U. S. has a persistent shortage of   I. T. talent. ” The group said that its members followed all the program’s rules, and that the change would have little impact. “It is aimed at screening out   workers, whereas our members tend to provide   workers to help U. S. companies fill their skills gaps and compete globally,” it said. Even before the memo and the Justice Department’s warning, fears about the future of the   program were making this year more   than most. “Just to make sure the petitions get in, almost every client demanded that theirs arrive on the first day,” said Greg McCall, a lawyer at Perkins Coie in Seattle who prepared 150 applications. Inside the federal building, a formidable structure that has provided backdrops for movies including “Coma” and “Outbreak,” the logistical dance unfolded over two floors. In the mailroom, about 40 people wearing blue gloves sat around tables opening packages that arrived nonstop in    bins. In a huge warehouse, those same packages were separated according to whether the applicants had bachelor’s or master’s degrees. All told, 1, 500 workers were involved, with a second shift expected to stretch past normal business hours. “This is the day we prepare for months and months in advance,” said Donna P. Campagnolo, the center’s deputy director. Trucks came and went all day, with some couriers, including from FedEx, staggering their deliveries to avoid having dozens of trucks backed up at the gate. Some smaller delivery companies received a piece of the action, too. One courier, Fernando Salas, pulled up in a red Suzuki station wagon stuffed with 10 boxes. “I have 109 envelopes,” he said. “That is all that fits in here. ” It was all surprisingly   for a program used primarily for   jobs. Asked why the government had not digitized the process, Ms. Campagnolo said: “There’s obviously a lot of paper. There’s no denying it. ” The biggest challenge, she said, is “trash overflow. ”",0
5605,"The Politics of Death: Cancer and Politics, a personal story","License DMCA This is not about how politics controls research on cancer and other diseases. It is about a political economy which, in the name of democracy, is killing us.
Today, I got my PSA score (used to assess degree of cancer), and it was not down, after 4 months of a heavy duty cannabis extract treatment and numerous anti-cancer supplements, along with a vegan anti-cancer diet. It didn't go down. After my cancerous prostate was removed 10 years, ago I had nearly 8 yrs cancer free, then two years, ago the score began to rise, from .2 to .4. to .5 to today's .6. 
That is a low score, but it is growing and my treatments have not stopped it. I ask: how can I have got cancer when since age 26, I have been on an organic anti-cancer diet? 
There are two theories, not necessarily incompatible: one asserts, as the man who discovered the cause of cancer did, that the cause is pollution. Dr. Warburg won the Nobel Prize but the Nazis kept him from accepting it. He said pollution caused cancer. 
The other theory is the genetic element: studies on twins seem to show that there is a genetic component, which may not cause cancer but predispose to it, make us vulnerable to the onslaught of pollution. 
So I am going to go with the idea that tho genetics makes some more susceptible, it is pollution which is killing us. 
On a gross level, this is easy to see. Each year, millions die from fossil fuel pollution; in the US, 13,000 die from coal pollution, and tens of millions suffer from air pollution, not to mention water pollution as in Flint, Michagan and many other cities. - Advertisement - 
Why do we have so much pollution? Why haven't we switched to clean energy? Why haven't we banned fossil fuels, which are poisons we eat and drink and breath every day? 
We know that pollution kills, makes sick, decreases productivity, increases healthcare costs, makes us suffer and destroys the environment, including climate disruption? Why is nothing being done? 
The reason is simple: politics. The oligarchy is made up of those who profit from pollution, from the energy industry to the ag industry. In a democracy, these corporations which are killing us would be stopped. 
But in an oligarchy where the polluters rule, all action is to prevent action; private profits trump public safety. Money trumps human health. Accumulating billions is more important than protecting the earth. This is a political decision, within a system of oligarchic rule. We are being killed by cancer because the ruling class has hijacked government and made effective regulation impossible. We are being killed by design, since the fossil fuel elites know the damage their products do. 
And so, as I ponder my next treatment (probably immunotherapy), I ask everyone to consider how our politics, mostly right wing, Republican, pro-corporate but including the establishment Democrats. Clinton, for instance, has received 7 million from the fossil fuel people this year. Clinton is also on record of supporting fracking. - Advertisement - 
Here is what Sanders said of her in April: """"Well, when you vote for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs, when you support and continue to support fracking, despite the crisis that we have in terms of clean water,"" he said April 10, ""and essentially, when you have a super PAC that is raising tens of millions of dollars from every special interest out there, including $15 million from Wall Street, the American people do not believe that that is the kind of president that we need to make the changes in America to protect the working families of this country."" 
Politifact concludes that ""Clinton's past support of fracking is well documented."" 
And so it is not only the Republican's who are blocking action to reduce the damage done by fossil fuels; it is also the Democrats, who are bribed with millions to continue the status quo. Now Clinton says she wants solar on every roof. That is easy to say, and it will get some Bernie supporters to accept her. But her history is of defending the fossil fuel industry. And history trumps hypotheticals. Early detection means early treatment License DMCA Conclusion: pollution is killing us. Both parties have protected this lethal industry to varying degrees. It seems, as with so much else, that if we want change, if we want to stop killing ourselves with toxins in our air and food and water, we will have to finally end the rule of the oligarchs and establish a democratic nation, where the leaders lead in ending pollution and transforming us to clean energy and with it, better health for our families and our earth.",0
5606,SECRET RECORDINGS FUELED FBI FEUD IN CLINTON PROBE,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › SECRET RECORDINGS FUELED FBI FEUD IN CLINTON PROBE SECRET RECORDINGS FUELED FBI FEUD IN CLINTON PROBE 0 SHARES [11/3/16] Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said. 
Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,” these people said. 
The account of the case and resulting dispute comes from interviews with officials at multiple agencies. 
Starting in February and continuing today, investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public-corruption prosecutors became increasingly frustrated with each other, as often happens within and between departments. At the center of the tension stood the U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, Robert Capers, who some at the FBI came to view as exacerbating the problems by telling each side what it wanted to hear, these people said. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Capers declined to comment. 
The roots of the dispute lie in a disagreement over the strength of the case, these people said, which broadly centered on whether Clinton Foundation contributors received favorable treatment from the State Department under Hillary Clinton. 
Senior officials in the Justice Department and the FBI didn’t think much of the evidence, while investigators believed they had promising leads their bosses wouldn’t let them pursue, they said. 
These details on the probe are emerging amid the continuing furor surrounding FBI Director James Comey’s disclosure to Congress that new emails had emerged that could be relevant to a separate, previously closed FBI investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s email arrangement while she was secretary of state. 
On Wednesday, President Barack Obama took the unusual step of criticizing the FBI when asked about Mr. Comey’s disclosure of the emails. 
Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI’s No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation. 
At times, people on both sides of the dispute thought Mr. Capers agreed with them. Defenders of Mr. Capers said he was straightforward and always told people he thought the case wasn’t strong. Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES",0
5607,"Tom Hanks, ’Game Change’ Team Prepping HBO Miniseries on Trump Election","Tom Hanks is set to executive produce an HBO miniseries about Donald Trump’s historic election and stunning victory over Hillary Clinton, according to the Hollywood Reporter. [Jay Roach will direct the project while Gary Goetzman is also signed on to executive produce. The Trump miniseries will be based on the third installment of political commentary duo Mark Halperin and John Heilemann’s book Game Change.  Roach, Hanks, and Goetzman all collaborated with Halperin and Heilemann on the 2012 HBO film Game Change, which chronicled the 2008 presidential campaign of Senator John McCain and former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin. The 2012 installment of Game Change was described by Breitbart News as a “heinous piece of propaganda,” an “  contribution to Barack Obama,” and an overall hackneyed political   on Governor Palin. Halperin and Heilemann’s 2010 bestseller Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime was over 400 pages long. But, as Breitbart reported, the HBO film focused primarily on Palin and largely ignored President Obama. Of course the 2012 installment of Game Change, which starred Ed Harris, Julianne Moore, Woody Harrelson, and Sarah Paulson, was a runaway   success. It snagged three Golden Globes and five Primetime Emmy Awards, among others. “We are thrilled to continue our relationship with Mark Halperin and John Heilemann, whose work on their   book Game Change set the bar for political reporting and storytelling inside a presidential campaign,” HBO Films president Len Amato said in a statement. “Reuniting Game Change director and executive producer Jay Roach and Playtone producers Tom Hanks and Gary Goetzman with Mark and John for a project based on their upcoming book promises to vividly capture the most unique and impactful event in modern American politics. ” No writer has been attached yet for the Trump miniseries.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5608,"As Hurricane Matthew Nears U.S., Residents Get Warning: Prepare - The New York Times","• Hurricane Matthew, a deadly storm with maximum sustained winds of more than 110 miles per hour, was forecast to start inflicting significant rain and wind damage in southern Florida beginning late Thursday, and in Georgia by late Friday, with the storm expected to strengthen to Category 4 from Category 3 as it approaches Florida. Coverage continues here &gt&gt • “Hurricane conditions” are expected in much of the Bahamas Lake Okeechobee, Fla. and a long coastal stretch of the United States that includes Fort Lauderdale, Boca Raton, West Palm Beach and St. Augustine in Florida, and Jekyll Island off Georgia, the National Hurricane Center announced at 5 a. m. The eye of the storm was expected to pass near Grand Bahama Island late Thursday and move “very close to the east coast of the Florida peninsula” Thursday evening through Friday night. • The governors of Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina declared emergencies, and more than 7, 800 National Guard soldiers were activated or placed on alert. • New York Times journalists assigned to cover the storm include Azam Ahmed, Mexico City bureau chief Lizette Alvarez in Port St. Lucie, Fla. Nick Madigan in Miami Frances Robles in Cocoa Beach, Fla. Les Neuhaus in Jacksonville, Fla. Alan Blinder in Atlanta Richard Fausset in Charleston, S. C. and Jess Bidgood in Wilmington, N. C. Gov. Rick Scott warned Floridians that the storm was expected to skim the state’s Atlantic coastline so closely that a direct hit could not be ruled out. “We have to be prepared to be hit by a catastrophic hurricane,” he warned at a news briefing at the state’s Emergency Operations Center in Tallahassee Wednesday morning. Hurricane Matthew, he said, was packing enough strength to cause the kind of “massive destruction we haven’t seen in years. ” A hurricane warning was in effect for nearly 260 miles along the Interstate 95 corridor from the northern edge of   County to the Daytona Beach area. Mr. Scott urged residents to drive inland. “It could be the biggest evacuation ever,” he said. Mandatory evacuations for the barrier islands in the hurricane warning areas were to begin Thursday at 8 a. m. The governor also pleaded with residents to start leaving early, before traffic backs up. “We have less than 24 hours left to prepare, evacuate and shelter,” he said. “Having a plan in place would be the difference of life and death. ” Up and down the coast, Florida residents raced to make final preparations. Lines at gas stations stretched far beyond the pumps. Supermarkets were depleted of bottled water, bread and canned goods as people waited patiently to pay up and get out. Planters and lawn furniture were being hustled inside. Flashlights were put within easy reach, and windows and glass doors were shielded by dusty hurricane shutters. Students, most of them too young to remember the danger of powerful hurricanes, celebrated the announcement that schools would close from along coastal counties from Miami to Jacksonville on Thursday and Friday.  —   LIZETTE ALVAREZ Jami Baker, 29, a Florida native who lives in a   apartment in Miami’s Brickell neighborhood, a few blocks from the waters of Biscayne Bay, spent part of Wednesday stocking up on water, wine and crackers. “Everyone is in serious prep mode,” she said. Ms. Baker’s mother is 60 years old and her father is a decade older. “I’m concerned about my parents, who are in Boca Raton, where they’ll be getting the storm much worse,” she said. “I’ll be a nervous wreck if cell service goes out and I can’t reach them. ” Ms. Baker, a public relations executive, said she had two other concerns: losing electrical power, and the fact that in her neighborhood, several   building projects are underway. “I’m surrounded by cranes and construction materials that are seemingly loose. I’m sure these construction firms have storm protocol, but it’s been a while since we had a major storm. ”  —   NICK MADIGAN Even people not directly in the storm’s path can be badly affected by its intensity, said Leanne Tellam, a    resident of Palmetto Bay, a Miami suburb, who went through Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and what she called the “trifecta” of storms in 2005. “Hurricane Matthew does pose a tremendous threat to the entire east coast of Florida,” she said, “if not from direct winds or storm surge, then from the psychological factors at play that cause rational people to clear shelves of bottled water in areas where the tap water is safe to drink, or to empty out gas stations. The balance of being prepared and being rational are blurred when you have a storm this big. ” Ms. Tellam, who moved to Miami from New Jersey with her parents when she was 2, tends to take such storms somewhat in stride. “I have learned that I have enough in my house to withstand the loss of power for up to five days,” said Ms. Tellam, who lives with her husband, Douglas, their three children and two dogs. “I’ve spent a great deal of time in the Bahamas and am really worried about what the storm surge and waves will do to my friends on the   places where there is no high ground when facing a storm like this,” she said. —   NICK MADIGAN Gov. Nikki R. Haley urged people to evacuate Charleston, the state’s   city, as the hurricane threatened millions of people along the East Coast. She said that the evacuation of Charleston and part of its surrounding area would begin at 3 p. m. Wednesday, and that the authorities would reverse eastbound lanes on Interstate 26. Other areas of the South Carolina coast will be evacuated on Thursday morning, the governor said. “For those of you that are wondering whether you should leave or not, I again will tell you that if you do not leave, you are putting a law enforcement officer or a National Guardsman’s life on the line when they have to go back and get you,” Ms. Haley said, She estimated that the evacuation would affect about 250, 000 residents and countless tourists.  —   ALAN BLINDER On Wednesday afternoon, the Walmart in North Charleston, S. C. was a predictable hive of commerce, of necessities purchased by the case. By 1:30 p. m. the water was almost all gone. There would be diapers enough for only a few babies more. The sound system played “A Horse With No Name. ” Shoppers and their carts jostled in the food aisles. Maynard Terry, 40, had five cases of bottled water in a cart, along with his girlfriend’s    daughter. Mr. Terry said they could not leave town, because his girlfriend’s elderly grandmother refused. And someone needed to care for her. “She’s in poor health and she’s stubborn and she don’t want to go,” he said. He smiled, and said they were going to make the most of it. Soon everything would be closed. Soon there would be no distraction but the storm. “We’re just going to chill,” he said. “It’s going to be family time. ”  —   RICHARD FAUSSET Hundreds of yellow public school buses snaked around the massive complex housing the North Charleston Coliseum and the Charleston Area Convention Center in this suburb of South Carolina’s   city, preparing to haul the elderly, the poor and those without cars  —   or without a friend to drive them  —   away from the Lowcountry before Hurricane Matthew struck. The buses were to leave at 3 p. m. and take the evacuees to Greenville, S. C. Jacqueline Holmes and her husband, Andrew, both 54, had come three hours early, with bags full of chips, water, deodorant and flushable wipes. Ms. Holmes’s previous trips to the coliseum were for leisure. She saw Barry White in concert here, and Luther Vandross, and LL Cool J. In 1989, she also saw Hurricane Hugo lay waste to large parts of the Charleston area. She rode out that infamous storm in her parents’ house. “It was the most terriblest thing I ever saw,” Ms. Holmes said, as she walked along the asphalt toward a staging area in front of the convention center. Ms. Holmes, who speaks with the almost Caribbean Gullah lilt that distinguishes the speech of many   here, recalled, as if it were yesterday, the quiet before Hurricane Hugo hit, and the moment when the silence was shattered by a violent roar that sounded like a freight train coming. She remembers the trees yanked up along with their roots, strewn around her parents’ yard.  —   RICHARD FAUSSET President Obama urged people in coastal states to prepare. “We anticipate that not only is there still a chance that the core of the storm strikes Florida and some of the states further north, but even if you don’t get the full force of the hurricane, we are still going to be seeing tropical force winds, the potential for a storm surge,” Mr. Obama said Wednesday morning at the headquarters of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. “And all of that could have a devastating effect. ” The president, who postponed a Wednesday visit to Florida as the storm’s path became clearer, said residents should be ready to flee with little warning. “Now is the time for you to prepare in the event that you have to evacuate,” Mr. Obama said. Even if residents are not ordered to leave, he said, “it still makes sense for you to figure out what kind of plan do you have, what kind of preparations and supplies do you have. ”  —   ALAN BLINDER In North Carolina, officials ordered the evacuation of Ocracoke Island, a popular destination for tourists in the Outer Banks. The storm is set to press through the Bahamas on Thursday, slowly passing over a large part of the islands with violent wind and rain, in addition to storm surges. It is expected to strike as a Category 3 hurricane, bringing a potential for   to   surge in water and more than a foot of rain, a combination that could lead to heavy flooding. “Over the coming hours, days, weeks and months, if the forecasts are correct, Hurricane Matthew may well become a defining event in our country’s history,” Prime Minister Perry Christie said. “It is rare that the whole country will have been impacted so directly by a storm of such magnitude and severity. ” Infrastructure in the Bahamas, thanks to the heavy tourism industry, is likely to fare better than that of Haiti and Eastern Cuba, where the storm devastated stretches of the island, leaving massive flooding or piles of rubble in its wake. Hotels and other structures are better equipped, in many cases, to withstand the battering of wind and rain. All the same, the State Department has issued travel warnings asking travelers to avoid visiting the Bahamas as well as Turks and Caicos.  —   AZAM AHMED Initial reports from the government of Haiti said that five people there had been killed, 10 people had been injured and one person was missing. The storm pummeled the southern coast on Tuesday, destroying homes and crops, sweeping away livestock and cutting off transportation as a large part of the Caribbean was pummeled by     winds and torrential rain. The top United Nations official in Haiti, Mourad Wahba, described the storm as “the largest humanitarian event” in the country of 11 million since a devastating earthquake six years ago, with thousands scrambling for shelter. Haiti’s civil protection agency said a bridge collapse had severed the main highway connecting the south with    the capital. Interior Minister François Anick Joseph said Tuesday night that 14, 530 people had been evacuated and that about 2, 200 homes were flooded or destroyed. As of Wednesday morning, the storm, which was downgraded to Category 3, from Category 4, had passed through Cuba, and the National Hurricane Center in Miami warned that a dangerous surge was beginning to spread over the Bahamas, to the north.  —   AZAM AHMED John Schwartz, a New York Times reporter who covers climate change and the environment, is answering reader questions about the storm. John rode out his first hurricane, Carla, in his hometown, Galveston, Tex. at the age of 4. He has covered the aftermath of Katrina, as well as other storms for The Times.  Ask your hurricane questions here.  When was the last big storm to hit Florida, and how does this compare? If Matthew hits Florida directly, it will be the first major hurricane to do so since Wilma in 2005, which caused damage estimated at $21 billion. How will Matthew compare? As the National Hurricane Center put it Thursday evening, “When a hurricane is forecast to take a track roughly parallel to a coastline, as Matthew is forecast to do from Florida through South Carolina, it becomes very difficult to estimate impacts this far in advance. ” But Florida, especially, has been warned to batten down, and much of the East Coast is preparing for powerful winds and storm surge as well as torrential rain. Hi, John. Is it safe to visit my mother in Chestertown, Md.? Will we have a problem finding gasoline? Will the roads be blocked with displaced people, flooding and debris?  —   Dan Wyatt Dan, I’ve heard of no evacuation order there yet, and with the storm likely to be turning to the east in the next few days, the risk to the town could be diminishing. But hurricanes often spread well beyond the edges of the cone, and so your mother could expect high winds, a ton of rain to deal with, and the usual run on supplies. If you do go, it’s a good idea to fill the gas tank before you head out. And keep an eye on the storm predictions from the National Hurricane Center. You can register to receive Kent County, Md. evacuation alerts and other emergency messages here. I live in Jacksonville, N. C. Should we be looking to evacuate anytime soon?  —   Jamelia Hello, Jamelia! The risk to coastal towns in North Carolina has lessened a bit in the October 5   forecast released at 2 p. m. which you can see here: As you can see, the National Hurricane Center is suggesting that a few days from now the storm will take a sharp turn to the east, which could still mean Jacksonville would avoid a direct hit but could still feel effects of storm surge and heavy rains. Your best bet is to look to local authorities for alerts about whether or not to evacuate. At the same time, it’s a good time to sit down and figure out what your evacuation plan would be, if necessary  —   know the local hurricane evacuation routes, and figure out where you’ll go while waiting for the storm to pass. And if a call for evacuation does come, take it seriously. Here’s a great page from Ready. gov with good advice about how to prepare for evacuation. The maps appear to show prediction that the hurricane will make a radical turn to the right, to the east, out to sea. Why is that predicted? Are probabilities given that instead it may follow a more common path up the coast?  —   Dick Purcell There are a number of factors at play here, Dick, including potential interactions with Tropical Storm Nicole over the weekend. A meteorologist, Ryan Maue, put out a lovely tweet earlier today showing the dance with Nicole: The National Hurricane Center notes in its 11 a. m. discussion of Matthew that the subtropical ridge over the western Atlantic could head east and push Matthew east and even south. But it’s too early to say where this thing is going with any certainty, so keep watching Matthew at the National Hurricane Center, or your favorite source of weather news.",0
5609,BLM To Lease Ohio’s Only National Forest To Fracking Interests,"The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) claims to manage public land for the “common good.” However, their actions as a federal agency consistently show that they really serve private interests,... ",0
5610,Comment on Are We About To See One Of The Greatest Evolutions In Human History? by 10 Shocking Facts About Society That We Absurdly Accept As Normal – Digital Flow,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter I believe we are in the midst of one of the biggest evolutions in our consciousness we have ever seen. I say this because everywhere you look, things seem to be changing in a very big way. But some back story first.   About 7 years ago, something happened in my life that changed the way I saw myself, my life and the world. I left college for good. I had been through 3 different programs in 3 years trying to figure out what worked for me. I was depressed on and off. I couldn’t believe that life was simply wake up and go to school until you get a degree. Then, wake up and go to a job you don’t truly like to make money to support your life until you’re 60 and then hopefully you can retire. Then, you die. I had to make a change and all along something told me that if I did, everything would be okay. Regardless of what everyone told me my whole life, I knew deeply that I didn’t (just as you don’t) have to live life in the way everyone tells you. 5 years ago Collective Evolution was born. A platform that has touched millions of people in a positive way over its 5 years and has changed my life in a positive way. CE likely wouldn’t be around if I didn’t choose to leave school for good. I was invited by Columbia University’s Teacher’s College to give a TEDx talk as they felt I was an agent of change. Below is that talk and it tells my story as well as what I feel is one of the most important things we need to know and internalize: change starts within. This is what I feel is changing our entire world. Follow Your Passion, It’s Important The bottom line is, I believe we need to begin following our passions as a first choice when we are young. If we don’t yet know what our passions are, take the time to enjoy life and figure them out. There is no need to rush into post secondary school so we can get in debt and be stuck in a job for the rest of our lives. This, unfortunately, is a western mentality where we operate under the idea that this is the only way and since people who follow this path are praised and celebrated, many follow the same path.   Even for people who are older and well out of school, it’s never too late to start doing something new and following your passion. Although there may be financial responsibilities at times, make arrangements and plans to transition into doing something you love. It’s always possible and there is a way, we just need to begin trying and putting the steps into place. I believe that the moment we truly choose to begin doing something from our hearts, the world around us begins to conspire to make it happen as a result of our conscious desire to make it happen. Since the thoughts might be building, I want to be clear, I am not saying there is no value in education or post secondary school. I am simply stating my belief that it should only be attended when you TRULY know what you want to do, need the education for it and are passion about it. I believe that the education system is designed the way it is for ulterior purposes more so than simply educating with pure intention. More on that below. Does Education Kill Creativity? 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
5611,Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer - The New York Times,"After four days of difficult deliberations, a jury in Manhattan found a   drug dealer guilty on Monday of murdering a police officer during a desperate flight from a gunfight with other gang members in October 2015. The man, Tyrone Howard, 32, sat   as the jury foreman announced that he had been convicted of aggravated   homicide for the shooting death of Officer Randolph Holder, a charge carrying a mandatory sentence of life without parole. Three of the jurors were in tears as they confirmed the verdict, which came only two hours after they sent the judge a note saying they were deadlocked on some charges. Officer Holder’s father, Randolph Holder Sr. nodded as the verdict was read, and as Mr. Howard was pronounced guilty for every charge in a long list that included robbery and criminal possession of a weapon, Mr. Holder removed his glasses and dabbed tears from his eyes. His wife, Princess, cried beside him. The courtroom was packed with dozens of police officers and their union leaders, who had been there every day of the deliberations in a show of support for their fallen comrade. Several hugged Mr. Holder as Mr. Howard was led out in handcuffs. After the verdict was read, the Manhattan district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr. shook hands with and embraced the president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association, Patrick J. Lynch, who said, “Well done. ” Outside, Mr. Vance thanked the jury for “a decision that I think is both thoughtful and comports with fairness and justice in this case. ” “This is a tragic case and a sad day, but we can’t thank our police officers enough for putting their lives on the line every day,” Mr. Vance said. “This case reinforces the importance of what illegal guns mean to New York City and the danger they put our city in, as well as our officers. ” During a monthlong trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Mr. Howard was involved in a gunfight that broke out at 8:30 p. m. between rival gang members on 102nd Street in East Harlem on Oct. 20, 2015. He dropped a backpack and fled up the promenade toward 120th Street, stealing a bicycle along the way, according to prosecutors. Thirteen minutes later, at 120th Street, he ran into Officer Holder and his partner that day, Officer Omar Wallace, on a desolate ramp leading to a footbridge over Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive. The officers were in plainclothes but had their badges showing. Officer Wallace testified that he recognized Mr. Howard as he came up the ramp on a bicycle because he had arrested him for smoking marijuana the year before. Officer Wallace said he shouted, “Hey!” at the defendant. Mr. Howard jumped off the bike, produced a gun and fired it, hitting Officer Holder in the head, Officer Wallace said. Officer Wallace said he then returned fire. Mr. Howard, who was wounded in the buttocks, fled and was arrested four blocks north. Police divers soon found the .  Glock pistol used to kill the officer in the river. During her summations last week, the lead prosecutor, Linda Ford, methodically laid out the evidence from more than two dozen witnesses, surveillance cameras and 911 calls. She argued that Mr. Howard knew the two men approaching him were police officers because the area was swarming with officers and he was on the run from another shooting. She said he purposely shot Officer Holder to escape capture. But Mr. Howard’s lawyer, Michael Hurwitz, argued that the prosecution had not proved Mr. Howard knew the men coming toward him were police officers, which is required for the aggravated   murder charge. “We know it was dark,” Mr. Hurwitz said. “We know it was quick, and we know the police officers are in civilian clothes. ” Mr. Hurwitz also contended that Officer Wallace made a mistake when he identified Mr. Howard as the gunman. He pointed out that it was a dark night and that the light on the ramp was dim. It was unlikely, he said, that the officer could recognize someone he had arrested only once, 14 months earlier, under those conditions. “People make mistakes,” he said. On Monday afternoon, the jurors sent a note to the judge saying they could not come to an agreement on some charges. That note came after several others asking, among other things, for the definition of reasonable doubt and to hear the testimony of Officer Wallace again. The judge, Justice Michael J. Obus, told them to keep deliberating, and they reached a verdict at 5 p. m. As they left the courthouse, the jurors declined to say what the sticking points had been but said the deliberations had been extremely difficult, with a few jurors unconvinced of Mr. Howard’s guilt on some charges. “In a way it was like ‘Twelve Angry Men’ in reverse,” said Jane Ritter, a retired schoolteacher on the panel who wept during the verdict. Another juror, Alfred Berneti, a bartender, said the jury had been deeply divided at points, without giving details. “There were some   opinions, but we respected the fact that we had different opinions,” he said. “We just wanted to do what was right and follow the semantics and the law. ”",0
5612,BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton “Quid Pro Quo” – Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C.,"BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton “Quid Pro Quo”– Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C. BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton “Quid Pro Quo”– Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C. Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 
As we all know by now, the Clinton Foundation is one GIANT SCAM designed to fill the pockets of the Clintons, and they’re rich bastard pals. 
Thanks to Wikileaks there’s no longer “doubt” over the crooked dealings at that corrupt and disgusting foundation. 
We also have learned how the Clintons make their hundreds of millions. 
Quid pro quo – or PAY TO PLAY. 
During Hillary’s time at the State Department, she would sell favors and access. 
After she had left, he and Bill kept it up, using their political power and influence to help foreign countries like Morrocco and Saudi Arabia. 
Two Islamic countries that ABUSE, IMPRISON, and EXECUTE WOMEN AND GAYS. 
In a leaked email recently released from Wikileaks we see that Bill Clinton was meeting with the Saudi Prince as recently as September of last year. #PodestaEmails22 : This is it: Quid pro quo 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 29, 2016 
The Clintons are the most corrupt, greedy, and repugnant political family of our lifetime. 
Neither one of the blood-sucking leeches should be allowed within 500 feet of the White House ever again. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.",0
5613,"Veteran’s Memorial Desecrated By Protesters, Can You Help Us Find Them? | Conservative Daily Post","
Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 9, 2016 | American Strength People Thought It Would Be A Good Idea To Deface A Memorial Dedicated To Military Veterans 
Despite all the talk of the election that has been discussed there is another significant event and pseudo-holiday coming up in two days. That would be Veteran’s Day. It’s a holiday that, as stated, is designed to make sure that we can remember our veterans from all military encounters. 
It’s something that should be taken very seriously, considering the fact that these veterans gave the ultimate price to make sure that YOU have the freedoms that you do now. And some people in the United States do, considering that there is memorials set up to honor these veterans. 
Except not everyone thinks that these memorials should be taken seriously. In fact, there are some people out there that don’t respect the memorials and everything that they stand for. They think it’s a good idea to DISRESPECT the memorials that are out there. 
The most recent example comes from someone who is against the Dakota Access Pipeline. They were so against it that they thought the best course of action would be to vandalize a memorial that was set specifically for World War II veterans in Washington. That came from the National Park Service on Tuesday. People Thought It Would Be A Good Idea To Vandalize A World War II Memorial 
A spokesman by the name of Mike Litterst said that someone spray-painted the North Dakota section of the memorial. A photo that was provided by the park service showed the phrase “#NoDAPL” was written in paint. Yes they thought the best way to protest this would be to vandalize a memorial designed to honor military service members. 
That is honestly the most disgusting thing that could have EVER happened. There shouldn’t EVER be a reason that someone should vandalize a MILITARY memorial just to get their point across. These people put their lives ON THE LINE to make sure that you have the right to protest like you are doing! 
The person that vandalized this memorial was protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe has been fighting along with other tribes and environmental groups in an effort to stop the completion of the nearly $4 billion pipeline. They claimed that it was going to threaten the water supply for millions of people. 
The supporters of the pipeline have said that it is a safer way to move oil rather than trucks and trains. Considering that oil is very flammable and accidents can happen, I would rather see something be moved safely. But no matter what side you are on, vandalizing a memorial designed for military veterans is something that SHOULDN’T happen! 
As of right now, the United States Park Police are investigating the vandalism. But there is good news about this whole thing. The vandal had used paint to make his mark. And a paint stripper has been used to remove much of the damage that had been done. 
The pipeline protests have been going on for a long time. But President Obama has said that the federal government was looking for ways to “reroute” parts of the pipeline. It sounds like another attempt to appease people on the president’s behalf. 
But the bottom line is that these people thought it was a good idea to make their message heard by spray painting a VETERANS MEMORIAL! That is the ultimate sign of disrespect! And it makes it worse when you factor in that Veteran’s Day is literally two days away. It’s like they don’t care about the fact that these veterans made the ultimate sacrifice so they could pull those actions. These Men Risk Their Lives So That Families Across The USA Can Enjoy Freedom 
Every American should honor the fact that these veterans have given everything that they possibly could to make sure that the freedoms of the United States stay that way. And every memorial that is destroyed and vandalized is just another reminder that not everyone believes that military veterans should be thanked. 
Those people are some of the worst Americans on the planet. If you want to protest something, then fine, but there is NO EXCUSE for anyone to vandalize a memorial designed to honor those that served. And the simple fact that someone thought it was a good idea is sickening. 
There are several ways to make your point but this is among one of the absolute worst out there. And what is even worse is that there are people that are going to think that it was a good idea. 
Sadly this isn’t the first time that this has happened. There were people that thought it was a good idea to vandalize a September 11, 2001 memorial . And the worst part of that was they actually did it. In a college town in California people thought it was a good idea to destroy something that means a lot to some people here in the country. 
That wasn’t the only time that this has happened. Just a couple weeks ago there was another report that someone thought it would be a good idea to destroy a veterans memorial . Yes there are people here in the United States that want to make sure that military people don’t get the respect that they deserve. It’s like these people have just lost all respect for those that have given everything and more for the safety of the country. 
Share this article to make sure that we can find the person, or people, that is responsible for destroying a monument that is dedicated to our military veterans. What makes it worse is that it is so close to Veteran’s Day. The pure timing of this entire action is something that should make every red-blooded patriot in the country angry. 
We need your help to make sure that the people that are responsible for this action are caught and brought to justice. This type of activity is simply unacceptable. But with your help we can find the protestors that are responsible and make sure they pay for their crimes. ",0
5614,Creepy Clown Gets Pistol-Whipped!,"The Daily Sheeple – by Ryan Bannister 
A prankster in Stockton, California is not laughing after an attempt to scare people in a creepy clown costume ended with a man pulling out his pistol and striking him on the side of his head. 
Sadiq Mohammad, 20, decided that clowning around in Stockton attempting to scare unsuspecting people was a good idea, and he assuredly reaped the consequences of this brilliant plan. 
He is a professional prankster who runs an entertainment website called Hoodclips, which gets almost 7 million views daily. 
“The numbers don’t lie, people love comedy. That’s why I have a lot of followers,” Mohammad said. 
Mohammad decided to hide behind some bushes and jump out to scare a man who was walking by, he began to cry out, “It’s a prank,” but the man said the prank was not funny, and he approached him with his pistol drawn. 
He was struck down to the ground, and he and his cameraman immediately ran away.",0
5615,Feinstein: Trump ’Splitting’ America Apart With ’Blizzard of Executive Orders’ - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Sen. r Dianne Feinstein ( ) said President Donald Trump was “splitting” the country apart with what she called “a blizzard of executive orders and memorandums. ”  Feinstein said, ” we listen for months while republicans said that Obama was issuing too many executive orders and exceeding his authority on executive orders. So, you know, what is soft is goose for the gander. There is great concern. There has been a blizzard of executive orders and memorandums, some vague, some specific, some probably unlawful. And you have people in the streets here. ” “This president has not brought the nation together as he says he is working for his base,” she continued. “Well, there are a majority of people that are outside of that base. And I think my best advice has been, and I was able to say this to him directly, please, Mr. President, you have to bring this country together. What he is doing is splitting it apart more and more and more. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5616,7 Daily Habits That Are Making You Fat,"Many of the things we do on a daily basis may seem harmless. But a lot of these things are probably adding to your health problems and, in conclusion, may perhaps be causing you to gain weight. Let’s... ",0
5617,C.I.A. Had Evidence of Russian Effort to Help Trump Earlier Than Believed - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The C. I. A. told senior lawmakers in classified briefings last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Donald J. Trump president, a finding that did not emerge publicly until after Mr. Trump’s victory months later, former government officials say. The briefings indicate that intelligence officials had evidence of Russia’s intentions to help Mr. Trump much earlier in the presidential campaign than previously thought. The briefings also reveal a critical split last summer between the C. I. A. and counterparts at the F. B. I. where a number of senior officials continued to believe through last fall that Russia’s cyberattacks were aimed primarily at disrupting America’s political system, and not at getting Mr. Trump elected, according to interviews. The former officials said that in late August  —   10 weeks before the election  —   John O. Brennan, then the C. I. A. director, was so concerned about increasing evidence of Russia’s election meddling that he began a series of urgent, individual briefings for eight top members of Congress, some of them on secure phone lines while they were on their summer break. It is unclear what new intelligence might have prompted the classified briefings. But with concerns growing both internally and publicly at the time about a significant Russian breach of the Democratic National Committee, the C. I. A. began seeing signs of possible connections to the Trump campaign, the officials said. By the campaign’s final weeks, Congress and the intelligence agencies were racing to understand the scope of the Russia threat. In an Aug. 25 briefing for Harry Reid, then the top Democrat in the Senate, Mr. Brennan indicated that Russia’s hackings appeared aimed at helping Mr. Trump win the November election, according to two former officials with knowledge of the briefing. The officials said Mr. Brennan also indicated that unnamed advisers to Mr. Trump might be working with the Russians to interfere in the election. The F. B. I. and two congressional committees are now investigating that claim, focusing on possible communications and financial dealings between Russian affiliates and a handful of former advisers to Mr. Trump. So far, no proof of collusion has emerged publicly. Mr. Trump has rejected any suggestion of a Russian connection as “ridiculous” and “fake news. ” The White House has also sought to redirect the focus from the investigation and toward what Mr. Trump has said, with no evidence, was President Barack Obama’s wiretapping of phones in Trump Tower during the presidential campaign. The C. I. A. and the F. B. I. declined to comment for this article, as did Mr. Brennan and senior lawmakers who were part of the summer briefings. In the August briefing for Mr. Reid, the two former officials said, Mr. Brennan indicated that the C. I. A. focused on foreign intelligence, was limited in its legal ability to investigate possible connections to Mr. Trump. The officials said Mr. Brennan told Mr. Reid that the F. B. I. in charge of domestic intelligence, would have to lead the way. Days later, Mr. Reid wrote to James B. Comey, director of the F. B. I. Without mentioning the C. I. A. briefing, Mr. Reid told Mr. Comey that he had “recently become concerned” that Russia’s interference was “more extensive than widely known. ” In his letter, the senator cited what he called mounting evidence “of a direct connection between the Russian government and Donald Trump’s presidential campaign” and said it was crucial for the F. B. I. to “use every resource available” to investigate. Unknown to Mr. Reid, the F. B. I. had already opened a counterintelligence inquiry a month before, in late July, to examine possible links between Russia and people tied to the Trump campaign. But its existence was kept secret even from members of Congress. Well into the fall, law enforcement officials said that the F. B. I.  —   including the bureau’s intelligence analysts  —   had not found any conclusive or direct link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government, as The New York Times reported on Oct. 31. But as the election approached and new batches of hacked Democratic emails poured out, some F. B. I. officials began to change their view about Russia’s intentions and eventually came to believe, as the C. I. A. had months earlier, that Moscow was trying to help get Mr. Trump elected, officials said. It was not until early December, a month after the election, that it became publicly known in news reports that the C. I. A. had concluded that Moscow’s motivation was to get Mr. Trump elected. In January, intelligence officials publicly released a declassified version of their findings, concluding that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had “aspired to help” Mr. Trump to win the election and harm Hillary Clinton, a longtime adversary. By then, both the F. B. I. and the C. I. A. said they had “high confidence” that Russia was trying to help Mr. Trump by hacking into the internal emails of the Democratic National Committee and of some Clinton aides. (The National Security Agency expressed only “moderate confidence” that the Russians were trying to help him.) Last month, Mr. Comey publicly acknowledged the continuing investigation for the first time at a House hearing on Russia’s influence on the election and said the F. B. I. was examining possible links between Trump associates and Russia for evidence of collusion. One factor in the C. I. A. analysis last summer was that American intelligence agencies learned that Russia’s cyberattacks had breached Republican targets as well as Democrats. But virtually none of the hacked Republican material came out publicly, while the Russians, working through WikiLeaks and other public outlets, dumped substantial amounts of Democratic material damaging to Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. Some intelligence officials were wary of pushing too aggressively before the election with questions about possible links between Russia and the Trump campaign because of concerns it might be seen as an improper political attempt to help Mrs. Clinton. But after her loss, a number of Mrs. Clinton’s supporters have said that Mr. Comey and other government officials should have revealed more to the public during the campaign season about what they knew of Russia’s motivations and possible connections to the Trump campaign. The classified briefings that the C. I. A. held in August and September for the   Gang of Eight  —   the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and the Senate and of the intelligence committees in each chamber  —   show deep concerns about the impact of the election meddling. In the briefings, the C. I. A. said there was intelligence indicating not only that the Russians were trying to get Mr. Trump elected but that they had gained computer access to multiple state and local election boards in the United States since 2014, officials said. Although the breached systems were not involved in actual   operations, Obama administration officials proposed that the eight senior lawmakers write a letter to state election officials warning them of the possible threat posed by Russian hacking, officials said. But Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, resisted, questioning the underpinnings of the intelligence, according to officials with knowledge of the discussions. Mr. McConnell ultimately agreed to a softer version of the letter, which did not mention the Russians but warned of unnamed “malefactors” who might seek to disrupt the elections through online intrusion. The letter, dated Sept. 28, was signed by Mr. McConnell, Mr. Reid, Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Representative Nancy Pelosi, the ranking Democrat. On Sept. 22, two other members of the Gang of Eight  —   Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees  —   released their own statement about the Russian interference that did not mention Mr. Trump or his campaign by name. But they did say that “based on briefings we have received, we have concluded that the Russian intelligence agencies are making a serious and concerted effort to influence the U. S. election. ” “At the least, this effort is intended to sow doubt about the security of our election and may well be intended to influence the outcomes of the election,” they added. The F. B. I. the N. S. A. and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence also held a classified briefing on Sept. 6 for congressional staff members about the wave of Russian hacks and “the current and ongoing threat facing U. S. political organizations during this national political season,” according to a government official. These new details show Congress and the intelligence agencies racing in the campaign’s final weeks to understand the scope of the Russian threat. But Democrats and Republicans who were privy to the classified briefings often saw the intelligence through a political prism, sparring over whether it could be construed as showing that the Russians were helping Mr. Trump. The briefings left Mr. Reid frustrated with the F. B. I. ’s handling of Russia’s election intrusion, especially after the agency said in late October  —   11 days before the election  —   that it was   Mrs. Clinton’s emails. Mr. Reid fired off another letter on Oct. 30, accusing Mr. Comey of a “double standard” in reviving the Clinton investigation while sitting on “explosive information” about possible ties between Russia and Mr. Trump. “The public,” Mr. Reid wrote, “has a right to know this information. ”",0
5618,Harvard Cancels Men’s Soccer Season After Finding Sexually Explicit ‘Reports’ Continued Through 2016,"Harvard Cancels Men’s Soccer Season After Finding Sexually Explicit ‘Reports’ Continued Through 2016 Andrew M. Duehren et al., Harvard Crimson, November 3, 2016 
Harvard has cancelled the men’s soccer team’s season after an Office of General Counsel review found that the team continued to produce vulgar and explicit documents rating women on their perceived sexual appeal and physical appearance. 
Athletics Director Robert L. Scalise wrote in an email to Harvard student athletes that he decided to cancel the rest of the team’s season because the “practice appears to be more widespread across the team and has continued beyond 2012, including in 2016.” 
“As a direct result of what Harvard Athletics has learned, we have decided to cancel the remainder of the 2016 men’s soccer season,” Scalise wrote. “The team will forfeit its remaining games and will decline any opportunity to achieve an Ivy League championship or to participate in the NCAA Tournament this year.” 
Last week, The Crimson reported that the 2012 men’s soccer team created a “scouting report” of that year’s women’s soccer recruits, rating them numerically and assigning each a hypothetical sexual position. University President Drew G. Faust instructed OGC, Harvard’s team of lawyers, to “review” the matter. 
{snip} 
“The decision to cancel a season is serious and consequential, and reflects Harvard’s view that both the team’s behavior and the failure to be forthcoming when initially questioned are completely unacceptable, have no place at Harvard, and run counter to the mutual respect that is a core value of our community,” Faust wrote in a statement. 
Faust wrote she “was deeply distressed to learn that the appalling actions of the 2012 men’s soccer team were not isolated to one year or the actions of a few individuals.” 
{snip} 
Last week, when Scalise first saw the documents—which were, until recently, publicly accessible through the 2012 team’s Google Group—he said he would immediately reach out to coaches of both men’s and women’s teams to discuss the report, but added that any response should be internal to Harvard and “not a media thing.” 
{snip} 
Men’s soccer coach Pieter S. Lehrer wrote in a statement that the team is “beyond disappointed that our season has ended in this way, but we respect the decision made by our administration.” 
{snip}",0
5619,Man searching for unbiased review of ADHM and Shivaay on internet ends up exhausting data pack,"Man searching for unbiased review of ADHM and Shivaay on internet ends up exhausting data pack   trendinfo.com) 
Nikhil Gupta, a resident of Delhi, used up his internet pack on Sunday while searching for an honest review of the movies Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay. 
Being a movie aficionado, Mr. Gupta was looking forward to the release of the movies and was following Social Media trends and news about them for the past few weeks, and in the process learned that it’s actually possible to judge the content of a movie without watching it. 
He soon realized the universe was divided into two distinct groups, one that loves ADHM and hates Shivaay and the other that loves Shivaay and hates ADHM. The following tweet from Mr. Nikhil Wagle compounded his confusion further: Don’t like @karanjohar films. But will watch #AeDilHaiMushkil to oppose hyper nationalism n hooliganism.l 
— nikhil wagle (@waglenikhil) October 21, 2016 
The aforementioned statement spoke volumes about his commitment to the, um, cause he was supporting but did not shed much light on Mr. Johar’s filmmaking abilities. He realized he needed to wait for the movie release and read the reviews to decide which one to watch first. 
On Sunday morning, he recharged his internet data pack for a GB and looked up movie reviews on Google. He first opened NDTV’s website where the reviewer Saibal Chatterjee gave Shivaay a 2 star rating, which was consistent with his usual ratings that range from 1.5 to 2.5. However, he was surprised to see a 4 star rating for ADHM. 
‘How did this miracle happen? Does he have all the keys on his numeric keypad now or has someone at NDTV told him the rating should be done on a 5 point scale?’ Mr. Gupta pondered. 
He placed ADHM higher on his priority list, although IMDb ratings of ADHM and Shivaay were 5.4 and 7.6 respectively. When he was about to close the browser, he noticed two contrasting reviews of ADHM on Indian Express. He quickly went through them and was relieved to see the reviews were done by two different individuals and it was not a case of split personality disorder. 
By the time he read the final review on the 10th page of Google, he started to lose faith in humanity, and hence decided to read audience reactions instead, only to find comments, such as ‘boycott ADHM’ and ‘I love Anushka Sharma.’ He read thousands of comments, which significantly improved his reading skills but did not help him arrive at a conclusion. While going through the comments, he received a notification from his internet service provider that he had zero balance left on his data pack. 
‘Damn, I could’ve watched both the movies online with 1 GB.’ 
He had no choice but to watch the movies and find out himself. He went to the nearest theater and watched both the movies back to back. Later when he came back home, he wrote his own review titled – “Boycott Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay.’",0
5620,Amy Schumer Exits ’Barbie’ Movie,"Amy Schumer has reportedly exited Sony’s   Barbie film due to scheduling conflicts[According to the Hollywood Reporter, the    Trainwreck star will no longer play the title role in Sony’s upcoming film based on the popular Mattel doll and will no longer write the screenplay.  “Sadly, I’m no longer able to commit to Barbie due to scheduling conflicts,” Schumer said in a statement. “The film has so much promise, and Sony and Mattel have been great partners. I’m bummed, but look forward to seeing Barbie on the big screen. ” Schumer had signed on to the project in December, with Deadline reporting that Sony chief Tom Rothman personally pitched the script to the actress. Schumer had reportedly completed a rewrite of the script before her exit. “We respect and support Amy’s decision,” a Sony spokesperson said in a statement. “We look forward to bringing Barbie to the world and sharing updates on casting and filmmakers soon. ” Sony is hoping to release Barbie on June 29, 2018, though the film does not currently have a director. The Hollywood Reporter also reported Thursday that Schumer had signed on to star in the dramedy She Came to Me alongside Steve Carell and Nicole Kidman from   Rebecca Miller and OddLot Entertainment. The actress  —   perhaps best known for her Comedy Central series Inside Amy Schumer  —   is set to appear next in Snatched, a   comedy   Goldie Hawn due out for release May 12. Schumer made headlines this week when she took to Instagram to accuse Internet trolls of deliberately tanking the ratings of her Netflix   comedy show, The Leather Special. The   special was flooded with   reviews shortly after its release.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,  ",0
5621,Joy Behar: Trump’s Cutting Education ‘So We Can All Be as Dumb as He Is’ - Breitbart,"Friday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump wanted budget cuts to the Department of Education because he seeks to make us “as dumb as he is. ”  Behar said, “Hello, and welcome to ‘The View.’ I’d like to wish a happy St. Patrick’s Day today to all of our Irish friends out there. And it is an honor of some of the first immigrants to come to this country, the Irish. They often on this day celebrate what they say the luck of the Irish. Of course, if you’re elderly, sick or poor, your luck as just run out. ” She continued,  “I can’t help it. It’s so horrific and so horrendous. Just when you thought it was safe to stop talking about Trump, he unleashes his budget on us. He wants to cut clean water. He wants to stop helping old people and public education so we can all be as dumb as he is!” (  Daily Caller) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5622,"Ashton Kutcher Rescues 6,000 Sex Trafficking Victims, Arrests over 2,000 Traffickers [Video]","Christopher Ashton Kutcher is a well-known figure in the American entertainment industry. Apart from acting, Kutcher is also an investor. A venture capitalist, Kutcher has successfully invested in several high technology startups with some of his investments including Skype, Foursquare, Airbnb, Path and Fab.com. But despite being a businessman and a public figure, societal problems are dear to his heart. In 2008, Kutcher and his ex-wife, Demi Moore decided to tackle one of the more serious crimes facing our modern world – human/sex trafficking.
By basic definition, human trafficking is the trade of humans, most commonly for the purpose of sexual slavery, forced labor or commercial sexual exploitation. The trade is a modern form of slavery . It involves controlling a person through force, fraud, or coercion to exploit the victim. Over the years, the United Nations, International Non-Governmental Organizations, human rights activists, and individuals have all stepped up efforts in order to end the trade. However, due to the high rate of unemployment and rising poverty levels in some nations, the trade is still secretly thriving.
Also, with the rise of the Internet and technology, it is becoming increasingly easy for traffickers to lure people, especially young girls, into the dirty business. Mostly, traffickers will hide on the deep web, using sophisticated gadgets to carry out their trade.
Kutcher and Moore decided to concentrate their efforts on the Internet, to thwart the trade of the traffickers. They set up an organization called Thorn. Thorn’s mission is very simple: to eliminate sex-trafficking and child exploitation over the Internet.
With the help of around 20 technology companies, they set up the Thorn Task Technical Force. Technology companies such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, Yahoo!, Snapchat and Imgur are all part of this task force.
They dedicate their time and resources to searching the darker corners of the Internet, hunting out traffickers who have been involving in trafficking innocent people. Since establishing Thorn in 2008, the organization has so far, identified and rescued over 6,000 trafficking victims and captured over 2,000 traffickers – many of which are now in the process of facing criminal charges.",0
5623,Israeli Ambassador to U.S.: Give Trump Times to Address Iran Threat,"The Jerusalem Post reports: WASHINGTON  —   Israeli Ambassador to the US Ron Dermer said that those criticizing President Donald Trump’s lack of action on his campaign promise to “rip up” the Iran deal should be patient as the administration is working through how to address the deal’s flaws. [Speaking at the American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum in Washington on Monday, Dermer specifically singled out the administration’s acknowledgment of the “fatal” flaw of the deal’s sunset clause, the agreement that allows Iran to grow its nuclear infrastructure to industrial scale in the future.  “If those restrictions didn’t have an expiration date then we could have a debate,” he said. “The view of the new administration is that this deal is not in the interest of the US. I think you can expect a very real pushback [against Iran]. They have to be smart about it and get their ducks lined in a row. So I’m not surprised they didn’t rip up the deal. I think you’ll see this play out over the next couple of years. ” Read more here.",0
5624,"For Many on Chicago’s South Side, Obama’s Farewell Will Be Personal - The New York Times","CHICAGO  —   If the metal barricades, “Do Not Enter” signs and lurking Secret Service agents were a bother the past eight years in the Hyde   area  —   the South Side neighborhood where President Obama still owns a house, but rarely has been home  —   residents are not complaining. “All that’s been fine, really. You get used to it,” said Adela Cepeda, who like many people on Mr. Obama’s block of Greenwood Avenue met him before he was president, or a senator, or elected to anything at all. “To me, it’s just too bad his time will be over. This has been fabulous for Chicago in a certain way. I think that all things being equal, we came first. But I guess all good things must end. ” As Mr. Obama prepared to give his farewell address on Tuesday from McCormick Place, the cavernous convention center beside Lake Michigan, people in his hometown sounded by turns possessive, proud, anxious and wistful. With his election in 2008, this city  —   and its heavily   South Side in particular  —   had suddenly been thrust to the forefront of the national political conversation. And so early Saturday, in temperatures barely above zero, thousands waited outside for the chance to receive free tickets to witness the end of that story. By Sunday, tickets were being hawked online for as much as $5, 000. Near the Obamas’ red brick Georgian, not far from the University of Chicago, some wondered gloomily whether his legacy might now be erased by his successor, Donald J. Trump, who received just 12 percent of the vote in Chicago and only   slivers in the wards near Mr. Obama’s house. Would Chicago’s spin in the spotlight, complicated as it had been at times, be over now, too? “I guess I feel sad,” said Antonio Coye, a barber at the Hyde Park Hair Salon, where the plain black chair Mr. Obama used to sit in for his trims is now preserved under glass. Not long ago, a crew of   bicyclists peered at the chair from the foyer of the small shop, where a line of men forms on Saturdays and “the Obama cut,” a   taper on the side and the back for $24, remains popular. “This was really something unique that happened,” Mr. Coye said as he worked on a customer with a razor over the weekend. “It was the first time somebody really different became president, and he did a really good job. To me, the person in office after him is going to make his time in office stand out even more than it did already. ”   tour buses, once an oddity, cruise down Hyde Park Boulevard with some frequency now. People can occasionally be seen pulling over with cameras outside a nondescript shopping center along 53rd Street, where an    plaque notes the Obamas’ first date, during which Barack Obama bought Michelle Robinson ice cream from a   shop that has since become a Subway. For a place that has not forgotten being called the Second City by a New Yorker writer long ago, Chicago had watched its standing, in the eyes of the coasts, rise along with Mr. Obama’s. Chicagoans were entrusted with important posts in Washington, and many of them, along with the first family, had roots on the South Side, rather than on the richer and whiter North Side. At points during the   term, Chicago voices seemed to be everywhere. Both Valerie Jarrett and David Axelrod, who is now back in Hyde Park at the Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago, were senior advisers. Chicago cabinet members included Arne Duncan (education) and Penny Pritzker (commerce). Austan Goolsbee, another Hyde Parker, was an economic adviser, and Desirée Rogers was an early White House social secretary. And Mr. Obama’s   chiefs of staff included William M. Daley, the brother of Chicago’s former mayor, and Rahm Emanuel, who was later elected mayor. But it is not just the shutting of that pipeline that causes concern. In Mr. Obama’s old neighborhood, the notion that Mr. Trump was soon to step in left some speaking of the president’s farewell speech in terms more akin to a funeral than a celebration. Many recalled watching an ebullient   evening here in 2012, when President Obama appeared at McCormick Place  —   a bookend, it now seems, to Tuesday night. Others recounted how they had felt as they watched his 2008 victory from Grant Park, the city’s downtown front yard along the lake, where he addressed thousands with the gleaming Chicago skyline as a backdrop. “It was a magical moment  —   such a positive buzz all around,” said Kevin Elliott, a manager at 57th Street Books, an underground maze where Mr. Obama had held book signings and often visited before his election. Even here, though, a few have questioned whether Mr. Obama did as much as he could during his time in office to solve urban problems of gang violence, joblessness and segregation. In Chicago, violence cascaded last year: More people, 762, were murdered in the president’s hometown in 2016 than in New York and Los Angeles combined. Some complained that Mr. Obama had not interceded forcefully enough. “He was a community organizer here himself, and he should be embarrassed that he came in as president and the problems have actually worsened,” said Ja’Mal Green, a local activist. But others, like Mr. Coye, the barber, noted that Mr. Obama was president of the United States, not of the South Side: “Who knows what happens now, but you can’t have expected him to solve this city’s violence. ” The Obamas intend to stay in Washington while their younger daughter finishes high school, but many residents here believe that they might never return to the house on Greenwood Avenue. He is building his presidential library in Chicago, many say, and that is just fine. “No, he’s not coming back, and he shouldn’t, either  —   he couldn’t go anywhere without being recognized,” said Stephanie Crouse, 53, a school bus driver eating her lunch from a tray at Valois, a Hyde Park cafeteria Mr. Obama once frequented. “This is like your kids,” she added. “He’s done his thing. He did what he could. And you’re sending him off now to graduate and move up and go off to better things. ”",0
5625,Wireless Brain-Spine Connection Overcomes Paralysis in Monkey - The New York Times,"Monkeys with spinal cord damage that paralyzed one leg quickly regained the ability to walk with a wireless connection from the brain to the spinal cord below the injury, scientists reported Wednesday. The achievement is yet another advance in the rapidly moving field of technological treatments for spinal cord damage. In recent years, scientists have achieved brain control of robotic hands in monkeys and humans, helped a paralyzed man regain some use of a hand through a chip implanted in his brain, and used electrical stimulation of nerves to enable paralyzed rats to walk again. The new system is unusual because it concentrates on the lower body, and allows a monkey  —   and perhaps in the near future a human  —   to use a wireless system rather than be tethered to a computer. It utilizes new developments in brain recording and in nerve stimulation. It does require a computer to decode and translate brain signals and send them to the spinal cord, but computer technology makes a wearable device feasible. Grégoire Courtine, a specialist in spinal cord repair at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Lausanne, said he hoped the system he and his colleagues developed could be transferred “in the next 10 years” to humans for therapy that would aid in rehabilitation and “improve recovery and quality of life. ” But, he emphasized, the goal is better rehabilitation, not a science fiction fix for paralysis. “People are not going to walk in the streets with a   interface,” in the foreseeable future, he said. Andrew Jackson, at Newcastle University, who has worked on upper body paralysis and was not involved in the study, said the research was “another key milestone” in research on treating paralysis. Dr. Jackson wrote a commentary on the research in the journal Nature, which published the report of Dr. Courtine, Marco Capogrosso, Tomislav Milekovic, both at the Swiss institute, and an international team of scientists. Among the reasons that the system is not a miracle fix for paralysis is that it relays only impulses to extend and bend the leg at the right time to fit into a   gait, not other, more subtle movements involving change in direction or navigating obstacles. Humans present different challenges, as well, for instance, in terms of balance in   rather than   walking. The research was conducted with collaborators in China, Dr. Courtine said, because Swiss restrictions on animal experiments at the time would not allow the work. Now that the work is proving successful, he has permission to proceed with similar experiments in Switzerland, he said. Dr. Courtine has written about ethical issues involved in such experiments with primates and emphasized that 10 years of research in rodents was necessary to prepare for the work in monkeys. One of the reasons that only one leg was paralyzed is that   animals can function even without the use of one leg and retain bladder and bowel control, whereas complete severing of the spinal cord can be devastating for an animal’s quality of life. Further, he said, this kind of work, with all its promise for human beings that have suffered spinal cord damage, cannot be pursued in people without testing in other primates first. The brain recording and the stimulation of the spinal cord involve devices that are already in use in humans for other purposes. Only the brain decoding software has not been used with people. David Borton, of Brown University, and one of the primary authors of the new report, developed the wireless sensor with colleagues when he was doing doctoral work before he started working with Dr. Courtine. Combined with micro electrodes, it records and transmits impulses in the part of the brain where signals to move the leg originate. He said that one of the reasons the system may be helpful in rehabilitation is that it strengthens remaining connections between parts of the spinal cord and the injured limb. There is a saying in neuroscience, he said, “neurons that fire together, wire together. ” The brain recording device was combined with electrical stimulation to an area just outside the spinal cord that conveyed signals to the reflex system. Walking is only partly under brain control. The spinal cord has its own system for receiving input from the legs and responding. Humans don’t think about walking most of the time, and it’s not that the brain is running the activity below conscious awareness. The spinal cord and reflex system are running much of it. Dr. Courtine had used electrical stimulation before to train paralyzed rats with spinal cord injuries to walk again. But that work didn’t involve the brain, and one crucial part of these experiments was timing. “If the brain says it wants that limb to move, it must happen within milliseconds for that connection to strengthen,” Dr. Borton said.",0
5626,Tennessee Woman Accused of Coat-Hanger Abortion Attempt Faces New Charges - The New York Times,"A Tennessee woman who is accused of trying to abort her fetus at 24 weeks with a coat hanger last year is facing new felony charges, in a case that has raised concerns among some   advocates over strict abortion laws. The case concerning the woman, Anna Yocca, 32, has wound its way through the courts in Rutherford County for nearly a year, seesawing between multiple charges in three indictments as she has continued to sit in a central Tennessee jail. On Monday, Ms. Yocca was arraigned on new charges: aggravated assault, an attempt to procure a miscarriage and an attempted criminal abortion. She entered a plea of not guilty, The Daily News Journal reported. Ms. Yocca’s public defender, Gerald Melton, did not respond to multiple requests for comment by email or telephone. Hugh Ammerman, the Rutherford County assistant district attorney who is prosecuting the case, could not be reached early on Tuesday. Ms. Yocca was first charged on Dec. 8, 2015, with the attempted murder of her    fetus in September 2015. She was booked into the Rutherford County jail, where she has remained, with bond set at $200, 000. She is expected to return to court on Dec. 9, The Journal reported. The case has pitted   advocates against defenders of the state’s   laws, which are among the strictest in the country. The authorities have said that Ms. Yocca climbed into a bathtub in September 2015 and tried to “ ” her pregnancy, which caused her to bleed so profusely that she was taken to a hospital, The Murfreesboro Post reported, quoting a police report. The baby, a boy, was delivered alive by cesarean section at the hospital, weighing 1. 5 pounds, but he had injuries, The Murfreesboro Post reported. The police report, quoting unidentified physicians, blamed Ms. Yocca’s probing with the hanger, but it offered no medical evidence for what the indictment called bodily injury, and similar health problems are often associated with extreme prematurity. When contacted for a copy of the report, Sergeant Kyle Evans, a spokesman for the Murfreesboro Police Department, referred calls to the district attorney’s office. The case has drawn attention to strict abortion laws, and in some cases the criminalization of the procedure, as   Donald J. Trump prepares to take office. During his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump pledged to roll back the abortion rights guaranteed by the 1973 Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision, and he suggested  “punishment” for abortion providers and their patients. In his first   television interview after he won the presidency, he repeated his desire to see Roe v. Wade overturned and said, of women seeking abortions, “Well, they’ll perhaps have to go  —   they’ll have to go to another state. ” “I think that this is a very shocking case and one that is incredibly tragic,” said Allison Glass, the director of Healthy and Free Tennessee, which promotes sexual health. “This is not a common case for Tennessee, but with the threat of Roe being overturned,” she added, “that is absolutely where we are headed. ” Tennessee Right to Life representatives did not respond to multiple requests for comment. The baby was initially placed in foster care. Last week Rob Johnson, a spokesman for the Tennessee Department of Children’s Services, said by telephone that the child was “safe” but no longer in state custody. Citing confidentiality, he declined to answer further questions. The law in Tennessee permits abortions after 24 weeks  —   about the limit for fetal viability outside the womb, doctors say  —   if the woman’s life or health is at risk. It also requires women to receive   counseling and wait 48 hours before the procedure, which necessitates multiple trips to a clinic. Ms. Glass said that only four out of 95 counties in Tennessee had abortion clinics, and that Rutherford County was not one of them. Lynn M. Paltrow, the executive director of National Advocates for Pregnant Women, which is helping with Ms. Yocca’s defense, said the case was one of several   instances showing what can happen when prosecutors apply criminal law to women’s pregnancies. Last year, an Indiana woman, Purvi Patel, was sentenced to 20 years in prison after she was convicted of feticide for taking pills to terminate her pregnancy, and then delivering a baby who, the jury found, died from neglect. The conviction was vacated on appeal. In some states pregnant women have been charged with attempted feticide for falling down stairs for not wearing a seatbelt and for trying to commit suicide while pregnant, Ms. Paltrow said. In Ms. Yocca’s case, Ms. Paltrow said, “It is absolutely not clear to us that her intention was to have an abortion, as opposed to having an early birth at home, or some other reason. ” “This is the problem around the criminal justice system being involved in pregnancy outcomes,” she added. “In a country where more and more things have been criminalized, there is a virtually limitless number of crimes that prosecutors can chose from if we allow pregnancy to become the subject of criminal justice and court systems. ”",0
5627,"Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Crowley “Hillary has Sold America’s National Security. WORSE than a CRIME FAMILY” – TruthFeed","Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Crowley “Hillary has Sold America’s National Security. WORSE than a CRIME FAMILY” Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Crowley “Hillary has Sold America’s National Security. WORSE than a CRIME FAMILY” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 6, 2016 
Sean Hannity quotes his own and other sources on the FBI’s investigation into Clinton wrongdoing, noting that the law enforcement probe will continue regardless of who wins next Tuesday. After reading an update on the current state of the Clinton investigation he turns the floor over to Judge Jeanine Pirro who says, “It’s time for a grand jury.” 
She says, “It’s time for Loretta Lynch to allow Comey and the FBI to get this evidence before a grand jury. There is a mutiny in the FBI, that’s why all of this stuff is coming out. There are four offices that continue to investigate although Justice has tried to shut this down, saying there’s not enough evidence, this recording from this other person who apparently is an informant is hearsay.” 
Judge Jeanine adds, “This woman should have been indicted a year ago. A simpleton could figure out that she would make a deal with a particular country, the money goes into the foundation, Bill makes a speech and then they get the benefit. This is classic RICO corruption; go to jail.” 
Hannity asks Monica Crowley, “What is Loretta Lynch hiding here, what is she resisting when it’s clearly an avalanche of evidence?” Crowley says she sees it as the revenge of the FBI rank and file “and the timing is not a coincidence.” She notes that in this country, “If you do not have an independent, impartial and fair Department of Justice and FBI which are only interested in enforcing the rule of law and finding the truth then you have nothing. Obviously that is not what we have with much of the DOJ and with senior FBI leadership. 
She describes the email investigation as the shiny object, while it is very important, the real mother lode of corruption is the Clinton Foundation. Crowley insists that the bigger point that the American people need to bear in mind before going to vote on Tuesday is that Clinton leveraged her public office in order to enrich herself, her husband and their foundation. 
As the conversation shifts to the fact that Clinton is a target for extortion and blackmail due to her emails being hacked by five different foreign governments, Judge Jeanine declares, “She has sold America’s national security for money. These people are grifters, they’ve been grifters since they came on the scene. And she knew that when she set up that server that it wasn’t secure. She did it for money, she did it to enrich themselves, she didn’t care about our security and Huma Abedin, I don’t know who she and Weiner are connecting with, but these are people who do not have our interests at heart.” 
Crowley says Clinton should have her security clearance revoked tonight. She believes this will be the straw that finally breaks the camel’s back in the Clinton parasitic relationship with the United States. Crowley knew Richard Nixon well. This is so much worse, she says, reminding the audience that nobody was killed in Watergate and “nobody made one red cent.” 
H/T – RickWells 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! ",0
5628,FAKE NEWS: New Yorker Accuses MILO of Inciting Harassment Against Leslie Jones - Breitbart,"The New Yorker published an article titled “Milo Yiannopoulous’s cynical book deal” about Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s forthcoming book, DANGEROUS. [The New Yorker article, written by Alexandra Schwartz, claims MILO is known for “leading a racist online harassment campaign against the comedian Leslie Jones. ” Jones, however, had already been engaging with Twitter trolls for hours before ever interacting with MILO. “If at first you don’t succeed (because you’re work is terrible) play the victim. Everyone gets hate mail FFS,” he said.  This lead to Jones blocking MILO and subsequently calling one of his followers a “racist b*tch. ” MILO then joked  —   to his followers, not to Jones  —   that he had been “rejected by yet another black dude. ” His final tweet on the subject included screenshots (later found to be doctored by trolls) alleging Jones had engaged in racist abuse. Breitbart’s Allum Bokhari wrote on the issue, “In other words, MILO has been permanently banned for little more than criticism, mild insults, and mockery. Meanwhile, [Breitbart’s] Jerome Hudson’s abuser, who repeatedly called the black reporter a ‘coon,‘ is still on the platform. ” The New Yorker article further blames MILO for the hacking and leaking of Leslie Jones’ nude photos, a claim Marc Randazza, a Las   first amendment lawyer, refutes entirely. “If this was somebody who was a fan of Milo Yiannopoulos, unless he directed it, he has no liability at all,” Randazza stated. “If he just created a culture of it  —   as he has been accused in the past  —   that’s legally nothing. ”",0
5629,How To Build A Cute Bee Hotel To Help Out Their Population » The Event Chronicle,"It’s easier and even more fun than it seems. 
By Brianna Acuesta 
While most people know and talk about honeybees , which live in a self-made hive together, few people seem to be concerned about the species of bees that are actually native to North America and easier to help out. There are many other species, such as the mason bees and leafcutter bees, that are critical to pollination and are suffering from habitat loss. 
Since these bees are solitary creatures, their presence wouldn’t be overwhelming and these hotels can be created in your backyard without posing a risk of attracting hundreds at a time. The native bees require a lot less to be comfortable, as Becky Griffin, community and school garden coordinator at the Center for Urban Agriculture and University of Georgia Extension for the Northwest District of Georgia, said, 
“Native bees nest in hollow logs, dead trees and in the ground, and when the forest is clean cut, the native bees have fewer and fewer places to nest.” 
As spaces to build their homes dwindle, so does the population of bees needed to keep the continent’s plants pollinated and healthy. By building a nesting site, you can contribute to the health of the population, and, according to Griffin, it’s very rewarding as well. 
“Once you start noticing native bees, attracting them and learning about them, you’ll just want to sit on your bench in your garden and watch them work,” enthused Griffin. “They are amazing creatures!” 
Below is a guide to building the hotel , with advice from Griffin and answers to frequently asked questions. Basic Hotel Design 
The essential part of building the hotel is to have the right design down. You can decorate it any way you want, but there are a few guidelines to keep in mind. Some people use just one 4×4 block of wood with wholes drilled into it and mount it on a high enough post, while others use bamboo pieces with closed off ends of the tube. Others, as you’ll see below, have put together much bigger structures that aren’t necessary for your first hotel but definitely much appreciated by the bees. Here are the basic rules to follow: Use only untreated wood. Make sure the house has a roof to keep rain and other weather elements out of the holes. The house should be a minimum of three feet off the ground. To attract as many species of bees as possible, drill holes of varying sizes. Be sure not to drill all the way through the block as the holes must have a stopping point. Drill bits ranging from 2 mm to 10 mm in diameter are ideal. Beginners who might want to keep things really simple and who might have a limited amount of tools could simply use a 5/16 drill bit for all the holes in their first hotel. For a first hotel, 12-18 holes would be ideal. There are no hard-and-fast rules on how deep the holes should be — with the caveat that if you use a large piece of wood or create a “grand” framed hotel and the holes are too long, the bee may not enter it. Keeping entry holes no deeper than the length of a standard drill bit is a good rule of thumb. Remove splinters from the holes. When you drill the holes, take a piece of sandpaper and smooth out the holes. Small splinters may not seem like much to you, but rough edges in the entry holes could be a big deal and even fatal to a native bee, some of which are very tiny. Rough edges can even deter bees from using the hole. Whatever style of wood you’re using for your bee hotel will need to be replaced every two years or so because the bees want new tunnels in which they can lay their eggs. Resist the urge to paint the hotel. Natural wood is more attractive to the bees. You can have multiple bee hotels. Just be sure to space them out in your yard and garden so they aren’t clustered together. Frequently Asked Questions What kind of bees will visit the hotel? 
Solitary bees, most commonly mason bees, will visit the hotel because they enjoy making their nests in hollow reeds or holes in wood. Different types of bees will use different materials to close up their holes once they have laid eggs, and they typically leave soon afterwards because they don’t rely on a social structure to rear their young. Fortunately, solitary bees are unlikely to ever sting you unless you accidentally step on one and get the stinger caught in your foot. 
No honeybees will be visiting, as they live in hives with a complex social structure in a bee-made home. No honey will be produced in the hotel, and huge clusters of bees won’t be invading the area. Can I build it? 
Considering the ease with which most people can use a hammer, nails, and drill, the answer is typically “Yes, you can build it.” If you want to make it easier on yourself when you’re starting out, you can use bamboo for the holes. When and where the place the hotel: 
Since native bees nest in the spring, the bee hotel should be up and ready in February. If you live in a harsher region, you can wait until you’re able to dig a post hole into the ground when spring rolls around. 
The bees prefer sunny locations, with the holes faced towards the sun and away from high traffic areas. The sun keeps the developing bees warm and it’s dangerous for bees to cross sidewalks or garden paths once they emerge. What to watch for: 
Keep an eye out for the arrival of the bees, as females will flock to the hotel in the spring or early summer and enter the holes. You can watch them put their nest together and tell what kind of bee it is based on the materials they use. Mason bees use mud to seal their holes and leafcutter bees use leaves. 
Though it will all happen behind closed doors (or closed mud/leaves, more accurately), the eggs the females have laid will hatch and eat the food that the female has left behind. They will then spin a cocoon and the fully-formed bee will emerge and chew its way through the mud or leaves to enter the real world. This takes about a year, so you’ll see them emerge the next spring. If there is no pollen or nectar plants nearby, they will likely move away to an area rich with the food they need. If you want to keep the bees in your yard, you can work with extension agents in your area to plant the right things to encourage bees to stay. 
By checking with your local garden center, you can also find plants that are native to your area and likely to thrive and attract bees. Keep track of the types of bees you see in your garden to find patterns in their movements and preferences. How to measure success: 
If you see sealed holes in your bee hotel, you know you’ve been successful. If you notice that holes of a particular size are used most often, you can add more holes of that size to future bee hotels or even renovate your current one. If you have the right nectar or pollen in your garden, you’ll see bees flock to them. 
If you notice that during the summer one year after the holes were sealed that they are still sealed, then you have a problem that needs to be addressed. If there are tiny holes in the seal, then a parasite may have entered and eaten the larvae or bees. If there are no holes, a fungus could have killed the dwellers. The bees may have also been too cold if they are not faced towards the sun. Work with an extension agent to figure out what could have gone wrong. 
For more in-depth instructions on ways to build a hotel, visit The Pollinator Garden. 
Would you consider building a bee hotel? Please share, like, and comment on this article! 
This article ( How To Build A Cute Bee Hotel To Help Out Their Population ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com What are your thoughts on this article? Please comment below and help by sharing this news! Like The Event Chronicle? We need your help ! 12 ",0
5630,What Is To Be Done?,"What Is To Be Done? How to build a new anti-interventionist movement Share This 
In the midst of an election in which the issues are largely ignored in favor of sensationalism and smears, the anti-interventionist voter is pretty much at sea. Hillary Clinton’s demagogic Russia-baiting of Trump as a Kremlin “puppet” augurs a foreign policy that will take us back to the arctic winter of the cold war, circa 1950 . On the other hand, the GOP nominee, for all his encouraging “America first” rhetoric and his stated unwillingness to get into another arms race with the former Soviet Union, would likely take us into other quagmires – ISIS, China, Iran – and, in any event, cannot be trusted. 
So what is to be done? 
The first thing is to disabuse yourself of the notion that any politician or political party currently prominent will magically get us out of the business of Empire. This isn’t to say that political action is wrong, or ineffective – far from it. What I’m saying is that it is up to us to build a movement out of which a new politics of peace and liberty can be nurtured and brought to maturity. 
Our second task is to take stock of our assets: what kind of shape is the anti-interventionist movement in, and what are our prospects for future growth? 
The first part of that question is easily answered: there is no anti-interventionist movement, as such, and there hasn’t been for quite some time. Oh sure, there are scattered organizations and individuals with a public platform, but none of these have a truly national presence. 
Yes, Antiwar.com is one such voice with not insignificant reach, but we aren’t an organization – we’re a web site. We don’t have chapters, support groups, members, etc., and have quite deliberately avoided setting up any such network for the simple reason that we don’t have the resources to do so. Every movement has different components that specialize in various functions, and our specialty is education. That is, we give our readers the information they need in order to understand the problem, but as far as acting to eliminate the problem – that’s a mission we must leave to others. 
The big problem is that there are no “others” – no action groups, no lobbyists, no real grassroots organizations that can respond to events as they occur, and mobilize the public against the War Party. The “movement,” such as it is, is top-heavy with thinktanks – the Cato Institute, the Center for the National Interest, the Ron Paul Institute , and the newly-organized student-oriented John Quincy Adams Society come to mind – and sorely lacking at the grassroots: essentially, a head with no body. 
This isn’t because there is no potential for such a grassroots movement: indeed, the objective conditions are ripe – I would say over ripe – for such an undertaking. Polls consistently show that the American people are increasingly skeptical – and that is really too weak a word – of foreign entanglements, and basically endorse a foreign policy of minding our own business. This sentiment is one major – and deliberately overlooked – aspect of the populist “resentment” that catapulted Trump to the top of the GOP ticket and upended the political prognostications of the “experts.” The idea of putting America first – instead of, say, Europe, or the Saudis, or whichever country we’re supposedly ‘liberating” at great cost – has visceral appeal to ordinary Americans. 
The astonishing fact of the matter is that, a few short years ago, the GOP was the spearhead of the War Party, with militant neoconservatives at its head – and is, today, the party of a man who said we were lied into the Iraq war, who wants to basically dismantle NATO, and who has adopted “America First” – a slogan resonant with historical meaning – as his campaign theme. 
When I was a kid I used to play a game with a good friend of mine: what would we do if we had a million dollars? Of course, I’m really dating myself, because today, of course, a million dollars is chump change. In any case, this column is basically a reiteration of that game: what would I do if I had the resources to organize a real grassroots anti-interventionist movement? 
Well, the very first thing I would do is to organize those millions of Trump voters attracted to his banner for precisely the reason the neocons and the foreign policy “experts” disdain him. Item number one on my agenda would be creating a grassroots America First movement, one with the following three components: 
The America First Action (AFA) groups – the function of this organization is implied in its name. Its mission would be to respond to every move by the War Party to involve us in some foreign war by rapidly mobilizing people against it. At the first indication that such a move was in the works, congressional phone lines would be ringing off the hook with howls of protest. This is what happened when President Obama announced he was going to bomb Syria – and it worked , with very little central direction. Aside from telephonic harassment of congressional warmongers, AFA would organize meetings, rallies, lecture tours, media appearances, Internet trolling (my favorite!), and every other form of public activity, always focused like a laser on the War Party’s latest scheme. 
The America First Political Action Committee – the electoral arm of the America First movement, AFPAC would help candidates from any and all political parties who oppose foreign wars and entangling alliances. This is one of our greatest weaknesses: currently, the War Party’s tame politicians are well-rewarded for their labors, while pro-peace candidates are routinely punished financially. The military-industrial-congressional complex takes care of its own – we must do the same. Yes, the war profiteers have tremendous resources but we can best them at their own game by appealing to the millions of Americans who are sick and tired of perpetual war. 
The America First Lobby – while a different name would probably be best, I’m calling it a lobby because that is precisely its function. While practically every foreign government on earth has a Washington-based lobby, which meets with government officials and presses its case for more “foreign aid,” and often direct military intervention on their behalf – the American people have no such organization, no lobby to pursue and defend their interests. I would take as my model AIPAC, the notoriously powerful pro-Israel lobby, which practically storms Capitol Hill every time Bibi Netanyahu gives the signal. If only anti-interventionist Americans would do the same every time war clouds gather on the horizon, we would put an end to our foreign policy of constant warfare once and for all. 
These three components of a newly constituted America First movement would be supplemented by subsidiary groups targeting specific constituencies. First and foremost, what’s needed is a student affiliate – it’s been a long time since we’ve heard “Hell no, we won’t go!” on the nation’s campuses. And what about abolishing draft registration? Hillary Clinton wants to force women to register for the draft – why isn’t this horrific proposal roiling the student bodies of universities and high schools across the country? 
African-Americans suffer from our foreign policy of global intervention much more than most others: they are, too often, the cannon fodder that feeds the war machine, and if they return they come home to an economy drained by the diversion of vital resources toward war-making and away from productive job-creating and wealth-creating investment. 
Racial minorities, women, rural communities – all these groups suffer inordinately as a consequence of an internationalist elite that sacrifices our sons and daughters on the altar of the war god. They can and must be won over to the cause of peace. 
Such a movement isn’t a pipedream. It can be born – and it can prosper to the extent that it organizes itself according to a strategic vision that unites people of various political persuasions around a single issue – intransigent opposition to military intervention abroad. 
“Peace” movements launched by the left have failed because they took a multi-issue approach: each and every leftist hobbyhorse was invoked to the point where the central issue – war and peace – was overshadowed. The organizers of these efforts, which have fallen by the wayside by the dozen, thought they were organizing a political party, which is why these movements never got off the ground. The one time they did manage to achieve some success – the antiwar protests of the 1960s – was when they junked the multi-issue approach, and focused on the single issue of getting us out of Vietnam. 
The potential is there for such a movement today – but only if we cast aside our preconceptions and prejudices, and work to bring together elements that would naturally tend to split apart. Libertarians and Trumpists, Bernie Sanders supporters and “isolationist” conservatives, students at elite universities and rural folks who object to being used as cannon fodder – all must be united in a common cause to put America first, and rid ourselves of the albatross of empire. 
It can be done. It must be done. But will it be done? I can’t answer that question: what I can say is that you, my readers, have the power to do it. Now, if only you have the will…. 
NOTES IN THE MARGIN 
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here . But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. 
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here . Read more by Justin Raimondo",0
5631,Sharyl Attkisson: Can CBP Properly Vet 15K New Agents?,"Appearing on this week’s Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson, a former head of internal affairs at U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) discusses whether the agency can properly vet 15, 000 new Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents and officers. [James Tomscheck served as head of CBP internal affairs for eight years during the Bush and Obama Administrations. During that timeframe, he faced the challenge of hiring and properly screening 10, 000 people between 2006 and 2008. Following that surge a government watchdog report detailed a dramatic increase in corruption cases involving Border Patrol and ICE agents, Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly reported in February 2013. The report led to CBP adding polygraph examinations to its hiring and screening process.  Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly ordered the hiring of 5, 000 Border Patrol agents, 500 CBP Air and Marine Operations officers, and 10, 000 ICE agents and officers in a February memo tasking the implementation of President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration enforcement. Tomscheck’s interview with Sharyl Attkisson begins at the   mark in this video.  “I very much hope that those going forward with the initiative look at what we’ve learned when we executed the border patrols search of ” Tomscheck told Attkisson Sunday morning. His department faced the challenges of screening 10, 000 new hires during that period. Attkisson asked the former head of internal affairs about drug dealers and cartel members being hired inadvertently during the surge. “We certainly believe that to be the case,” Tomscheck replied. “We do know that in the thousands of polygraph exams that we administered after the background investigation, more than half of those persons that cleared that background investigation failed the polygraph exam and provided detailed admissions as to why it was they failed the exam included in that study group of more than 1, 000 were persons who admitted that they were infiltrators, that they worked for a drug trafficking organization, either on the US side of the border or the Mexican side of the border, who had been directed to infiltrate CBP and compromise what they do there. ” Attkisson noted that through Tomscheck’s insistence, polygraph screening became a standard in the hiring process. “What we found in those first 100+ exams was genuinely shocking,” he explained. “We found persons failing the polygraph at a higher rate than other agencies, but not dramatically so. What was dramatically different was the nature of the admissions obtained from those persons who had failed. They had included many persons who were actively involved in smuggling, persons who very frequently used drugs were currently using controlled substances and included persons involved in significant serious felony crimes. ” Attkisson reports frequently on   issues including corruption within the agencies. In June 2016, Breitbart Texas    Brandon Darby and Ortiz reported on an interview with Attkisson on Breitbart News Daily (Sirius XM Patriot 125) with Stephen K. Bannon. Sharyl Attkisson made the shocking assertion that Mexican cartels have infiltrated the U. S. military and U. S. law enforcement agencies —  and she is correct. Her assertion is backed up by years of Breitbart Texas reports showing that some U. S. soldiers have worked for cartel efforts to smuggle humans and drugs and that far too many in U. S. federal law enforcement agencies have fallen into working for Mexican cartels. During the interview with Bannon, Attkisson discussed corruption by drug cartels of members of both the military and Border Patrol: On the other hand, I think about the military guys, and they may think, is this a victimless crime? It’s really not illegal to come to this country. The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week had each been removed from the US three times before. And maybe they think, why shouldn’t I make some money on the side doing something the government doesn’t really mind. They don’t mind if the illegal immigrants come here. I think they know about it. And it’s people inside Border Patrol and inside the military who have long been involved in smuggling drugs, as well as smuggling humans. They’re well aware of it. They don’t talk about it much but it’s well known inside. I’ll be doing a story in the Fall about corruption inside the Border Patrol which is just out of control. There’s so many agents. The cartels place people inside Border Patrol now, smugglers place people inside Border Patrol get them hired there. It’s a big issue. Corruption of CBP law enforcement agents and officers by drug cartel members continues to plague the agency. In November 2016, Homeland Security Investigations agents arrested a Border Patrol supervisor, Eduardo Bazan, on charges of accepting bribes and participating in fake drug seizures, Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz reported. As part of their investigation into Bazan, HSI used informants and defendants to identify one of the fake seizures that had been carried with the alleged help of Bazan, court documents revealed. Following that new information, HSI agents interviewed Bazan on October 31, about the seizure. During that interview, Bazan denied any involvement in the scheme. Agents the tracked down an incident report that they used to determine Bazan’s role in the case. During a second interview on November 1, Bazan told agents that he had played a role in the fake seizure and had been paid for it, court records revealed. In November 2015, Ortiz reported on the arrest of Border Patrol Agent Joel Juna for his alleged role in a cartel beheading in South Texas. Despite the capital murder conviction of his brother, Gulf Cartel Commander Eduardo “Comandante Pajarito” Luna, a jury failed to find enough evidence to convict the Border Patrol agent and found him not guilty. “At the time of Joel Luna’s arrest, authorities discovered inside a safe a badge, a   rifle, a jeweled handgun with the words Cartel Del Golfo and Pajarito inscribed on them, $90, 000 and various drugs,” Ortiz wrote. The jury found this evidence to be enough to convict him on two counts of engaging in organized crime. Federal authorities arrested a CBP officer in Brownsville, Texas, for his role helping drug cartels smuggle drugs through ports of entry. The jury found Jose Luis Zavala guilty and Judge Andrew Hanen sentenced him to     half years in prison. In September 2016, Breitbart California’s Michelle Moons reported on the arrest of CBP Officer Jose Luis Cota for his alleged role in receiving sex and cash for smuggling drugs across the border. With that said, Tomscheck said the move to hire more agents and officers is a positive step. “I don’t think that there’s any question that there needs to be an increase in staffing to make the border more secure,” he told the Full Measure host. “Whatever type of physical barrier you place at the border, there needs to be a physical presence of persons to apprehend those persons that scale the fence or the wall whatever barrier separates the two countries. That can only be accomplished with a sufficient number of agents and officers positioned at the border to make those apprehensions. ” His advice to the Trump Administration, “Move very cautiously. If there is a reduction in the security protocols to screen and vet applicants, I believe we will give compromise to the agencies future. ” Editorial Note: “Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson” is a weekly broadcast focusing on investigative, original and accountability reporting. The host is Sharyl Attkisson,   Emmy Award winner and recipient of the Edward R. Murrow award for investigative reporting. She is backed by a team of   journalists. “Full Measure” features original reporting and investigations each week on topics ranging from immigration to government waste, national security concerns and whistleblower reports on government abuse and misdeeds. “Full Measure” airs Sunday on Sinclair stations nationwide, and is streamed live on Sundays at 9:30 a. m. ET at www. fullmeasure. news. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
5632,"Living as a Man, Fighting Breast Cancer: How Trans People Face Care Gaps - The New York Times","A diagnosis of breast cancer at age 27 is shattering for anyone. But for Eli Oberman, it came with extra layers of anxiety. He is a transgender man, who was born female but began taking male hormones when he was 19 to change gender. Like many transgender people, Mr. Oberman switched gender without having surgery to change his body. The cancer was a stark reminder that he was still vulnerable to illnesses from his original anatomy  —   and that the medical world has blind spots in its understanding of how to take care of trans men and women. “I just felt overwhelmed on all levels,” Mr. Oberman said. “Overwhelmed about facing the diagnosis, overwhelmed about the irony of it being this part of my body that was already so fraught for me. ” About 1. 4 million adults in the United States report they are transgender, according to a recent analysis of federal and state data. That figure is twice the previous estimate, and as awareness has increased, the health care system has begun scrambling to meet their needs. The government lifted a ban on Medicare coverage for transgender surgery and hormone treatment in 2014, and in 2015 New York State ended a similar ban for Medicaid patients. This year, a rule under the Affordable Care Act banning discrimination in health care specifically included protection for transgender people. Hospitals and professional schools have begun training employees and students on transgender medicine, and on basic etiquette like addressing trans men and women by the name and pronoun they prefer. At the Mount Sinai Health System in New York, which recently opened a Center for Transgender Medicine and Surgery, about 8, 000 employees had such training last year. “When I think back to the earlier days and think where we are now, it’s unbelievably better,” said Barbara E. Warren, a psychologist and the director for L. G. B. T. programs and policies at Mount Sinai. But there are still struggles. Dr. Warren and other experts said it was common for transgender people to avoid screenings and other medical care for parts of their bodies associated with their original gender. If problems do arise, they may find themselves in situations like Mr. Oberman, who suddenly became the lone male patient in waiting rooms full of women, and a target of curiosity or scorn from some health workers. Mr. Oberman, now 33, was treated for the cancer six years ago, but decided just recently to speak about it publicly in hopes of helping to improve care for others. He has big, dark eyes, thinning hair, a warm smile and a leafy tattoo wreathing one arm  —   the kudzu vine, he said, because it is “so unstoppably alive. ” He lives in Brooklyn, has a degree in poetry and education, and plays violin in a rock band called the Shondes (“Disgraces,” in Yiddish). His day jobs have included managing a database for a nonprofit organization. He began taking testosterone when he was 19 for its masculinizing effects  —   these include increased facial and body hair, a lower voice, more muscle and, usually, an end to periods. But he never had surgery to change his body. Many trans people do not, and so many trans men still have ovaries and vaginas, and trans women, prostate glands and penises. Early in his transition, Mr. Oberman wanted “top surgery” —   breast removal  —   but could not afford it, so he wore binders to flatten his chest. Gradually, he became more comfortable with his body and lost interest in the surgery. He first noticed a breast lump in 2010. It was not easy to feel, and cancer at his age just didn’t seem possible. He let six or eight months go by before having scans and a biopsy. Those tests required leaving the safety of his usual clinic, which specialized in L. G. B. T. patients, and plunging into the world of mainstream medicine, where he said doctors treated him with respect, but other workers did not. “I had some horrible experiences,” he said. During one procedure, when Mr. Oberman had his shirt off, a male technician, seeing that he was transgender, exclaimed: “Why would you do this to yourself? It’s disgusting. ” Mr. Oberman never reported the episodes. “I’m not proud to say I didn’t complain,” he said, adding that he wished he had done so for the sake of other patients. But he was facing a   disease. The cancer was aggressive. He would need both breasts removed, and then chemotherapy. “I felt guilty, able to get free surgery I didn’t want because I had cancer, and so many others want it and can’t get it,” he said. He soon learned that mastectomies, which remove as much breast tissue as possible, differ from top surgery, which preserves enough to give the chest a   contour. Because he had cancer, top surgery was not a safe option: It would leave too much breast tissue, and too much risk of recurrence. Friends who have had top surgery were stunned to find out they still had a risk of breast cancer because of the tissue left behind, he said. Before surgery, thinking that testosterone might interfere with healing, Mr. Oberman’s doctors advised him to stop taking it for a month. He followed their advice, but soon, he said, “I went insane. I wasn’t rational. I was lying on the floor, crying. ” Back on the hormone, he became himself again. Chemotherapy gave him a “definitionless moonface,” he said, and it coarsened his features and thinned his hair permanently. It had taken him years to feel comfortable in his trans identity, and now, he said, “It felt like starting all over again. ” He would have liked to join a   support group, but feared he would not be accepted. His reluctance to deal with the health care system has lingered. Just last year, at 32, he finally had his first Pap smear to screen for cervical cancer. It was about 10 years overdue, according to current guidelines. Doctors had nagged him to be tested, and one even threatened to withhold his testosterone unless he complied. He kept putting it off because he feared being treated badly in a gynecologist’s office. Trans friends who had called for appointments were challenged by receptionists who assumed that a deep voice meant they did not belong. Trans men often avoid gynecologists, said Dr. Asa Radix, Mr. Oberman’s physician and the senior director of research and education at the   Community Health Center in New York, which provides health care for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. “Imagine, if you’re a   trans man, and you’re going to the gynecologist,” Dr. Radix said. “You go to the front desk, and you have to out yourself. Everyone can hear what’s going on. You just want to run out the door. ” In addition, some trans people are conflicted about their bodies, “and may not want to think they have the anatomy they have,” Dr. Radix said. He added that pelvic exams could be physically uncomfortable for a transgender man because testosterone can dry out vaginal tissue. It can also change the cervix in ways that make a Pap test hard to read, necessitating a second round. Mr. Oberman said that in “moments of dark paranoia,” he wondered if taking testosterone might have caused his cancer  —   or if it was unrelated and the tumor might have developed anyway. His mother and her mother had both had breast cancer  —   though well after menopause. There is no evidence that trans men or women who take hormones have increased risks of any type of cancer, Dr. Radix said. Studies in Europe have found no increased risk, but it is not clear that the results apply to the United States, where the population is less homogeneous and many transgender people obtain hormones via the internet or other sources outside the health care system. Zil Goldstein, a nurse practitioner and program director at Mount Sinai’s transgender center, said that while she had concerns about the   safety of transgender hormones, she worried more about the possible harm from not prescribing them  —   researchers report that 41 percent of transgender people attempt suicide. The hormone question concerns Mr. Oberman’s oncologist, Dr. Paula Klein, who specializes in breast cancer at Mount Sinai Beth Israel (not the same hospital where he had his biopsies and surgery). She said trans men with breast cancer were often urged to stop taking testosterone. One reason is that the body converts some testosterone to estrogen, which can speed the growth of many breast tumors. And some breast cancers may also be stimulated by testosterone, she said. But there is no solid data to guide trans patients, and Mr. Oberman does not want to stop taking the hormone. Dr. Klein was an author of a journal article in 2011 about two other trans men with breast cancer. Both took testosterone and, like Mr. Oberman, chose to stay on it. Few other cases have been reported. Dr. Klein has been suggesting that Mr. Oberman have his ovaries removed. Part of her reasoning was that he had stopped taking tamoxifen, a drug commonly prescribed to prevent breast cancer recurrence. Taking out the ovaries would mean lower estrogen levels, which would help prevent a recurrence of breast cancer. “You would definitely benefit,” she said during an office visit in September. “It’s a slam dunk for someone like you, taking away all your female parts,” Dr. Klein said, adding: “We thought you’d eat that up. A transgender gift. ” “Except I don’t want it,” Mr. Oberman said. He did not want more surgery or the hormonal jolt that removing his ovaries would bring. He thought the mastectomies and chemotherapy had very likely cured him. Dr. Klein backed off, saying, “Look, the odds are that you’re going to be fine. ” He hugged her on the way out. It seemed likely that they would have this conversation again.",0
5633,Newsnight trolled the Tory MP who called for the BBC to play God Save The Queen at the end of each day,"Next Swipe left/right Newsnight trolled the Tory MP who called for the BBC to play God Save The Queen at the end of each day MP for Romford Andrew Rosindell recently said the BBC should be “unashamedly British” and celebrate the UK’s exit from the EU by playing God Save The Queen every night. Newsnight duly obliged, but not the version he was thinking of. By popular demand, here's our playout from last night… pic.twitter.com/0woMdwAlmi 
— BBC Newsnight (@BBCNewsnight) November 4, 2016",0
5634,"Trump Inspires Cheers, and Alarm, Around the World - The New York Times","SOFIA, Bulgaria  —   The inaugural meeting of the European Trump Society packed the central aisle of a bookstore in Bulgaria’s capital, Sofia, on Friday evening  —   women in furs, men in ski jackets, the floor glistening with melted snow. A live feed from the crowded steps of the United States Capitol filled a projection screen on the back wall. “The election of Mr. Trump means ‘You’re fired!’ to the political elites in America and the world,” declared Boris Angelov, a tabloid editor and a founder of the society, which is strictly Bulgarian at the moment but has wider aspirations. Ilia Lingorski, a former deputy finance minister, shouted from the crowd, “Bulgaria desperately needs its own Trump movement. ” The inauguration of Donald J. Trump as America’s 45th president, with declarations of “America first,” was met with alarm in many corners of the world. But not everywhere. Pockets of celebration broke out here and there, in places where Mr. Trump’s nationalist message matched local stirrings, and his promise of friendlier relations with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and a harsher approach to Islamic terrorism were eagerly embraced. About 100 Trump supporters gathered around a statue of President Ronald Reagan in Budapest’s Freedom Square for a “Better World Order Inauguration Party. ” The speaker was Zsolt Bayer, a prominent   pundit who once referred to Jews as “stinking excrement. ” Standing beneath a banner reading “Hungarian Deplorables for Trump,” he called on President Trump to combat political correctness, which Mr. Bayer said had created a world in which “only the white, Christian, heterosexual people do not matter. ” “For decades, we have been waiting for a miracle that will stop our world from running to its demise,” Mr. Bayer said. “Now, we are hopeful that this miracle is in the making. ” Mr. Trump’s support in Hungary rises beyond the small group in Freedom Square. The country’s prime minister, Viktor Orban, eagerly congratulated the new president on his victory. In Moscow, a chain of stores selling Russian military gear offered a   10 percent discount on Friday to all United States citizens and embassy workers. A poster advertising the sale featured a   Mr. Trump, fist raised. Several celebratory parties were held in Moscow before and after Mr. Trump’s inauguration. At one, the crowd sang, “Trump, Trump, he is a superhuman. ” Another featured a triptych of heroic portraits of Mr. Putin, Mr. Trump and the French nationalist leader Marine Le Pen. A group of Russian gunsmiths unveiled a commemorative coin declaring “In Trump We Trust,” and Life News, a Russian tabloid, reported that Mr. Trump had been declared an honorary Cossack. Political activists, media figures and dozens of foreign journalists gathered on Friday evening at a conference site just outside the Kremlin for a celebration of Mr. Trump’s inauguration, an event organized by conservative activists and a conservative television channel. Maria Katasonova, one of the organizers, declined to say who had paid for the spacious hall, meat pies and sparkling wine. “It wasn’t the Kremlin,” she said. Although the event pushed a sense of triumphalism, the mood among the audience was more skeptical. Many said they worried that “  elites” in Washington would stymie Mr. Trump’s efforts. “This is the last day we can celebrate,” said Dmitri Gusev, a Russian political consultant. “Because tomorrow, real life will begin. ” Mr. Trump’s ascent was also cheered by President Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines. His spokesman, Martin Andanar, said the two men had “hit it off” in a brief conversation, leading to a likely “reboot” in relations between the two nations. Ben Razon, an American of Filipino descent who runs a restaurant in Manila, said of Mr. Trump, “I do hope that he establishes a good working relationship with President Duterte. ” “They understand each other,” Mr. Razon added. “That should be good. ” In India, where the right wing shares a strong political affinity with the American right, Mr. Trump’s inauguration was celebrated by Hindu nationalists and business leaders eager for more trade between the two nations. Hindu Sena, a   fringe group, organized a celebration of Mr. Trump’s victory on Nov. 4  —   four days before he actually won  —   and had earlier held a prayer ritual on his behalf. “Trump’s victory is confirmed early due to his thoughts against Islamic terrorism and love for India and Hindus,” the group’s leader, Vishnu Gupta, said, according to Reuters. In Egypt, support for Mr. Trump remained fervent among the country’s   establishment. Hany Assal, a columnist for the     newspaper, sharply criticized American liberals and Democrats for opposing Mr. Trump. “They are putting obstacles in his way,” he wrote, including “trying to start fights with Russia for no reason. ” On the street,     sentiment seemed to fuel a more subdued attitude toward the new president. “Some people think he is going to be bad because he is openly   but the truth is, America has always been against Islam,” said Bashir Kashta, a Palestinian businessman, as he sipped mint tea on Friday at the historic El Fishawy Cafe in Cairo’s old Islamic district. Samy Abdel Mageed, 56, an engineer smoking a water pipe at an adjacent table, said he had “not met a single person who is excited about Trump or thinks he will change anything for better or worse. ” “America is a country of institutions, and institutions are hard to change,” he said. At the bookstore party in Bulgaria, Borislav Tsekov, another founder of the European Trump Society, proudly surveyed the crowd of about 75 people who had trudged through   slush to attend the event at the Greenwich Book Center. He described the society as a scholarly organization dedicated to studying Mr. Trump’s ideas. Mr. Tsekov, a former lawmaker who has been a member of several political parties, used the gathering to unveil his latest book, “The Trump Doctrine,” a study of the new president’s speeches and writings. Speaking before Mr. Trump was sworn in, Mr. Tsekov criticized the mainstream news media and the global political establishment, saying that they had unfairly portrayed Mr. Trump as a racist and xenophobe. “Well, isn’t he?” cried a voice from the crowd that was then shouted down. Mr. Tsekov was not able to listen to Mr. Trump’s speech on the big screen. He was too busy giving television interviews. But he said he looked forward to reading it and was certain he would approve. His   Mr. Angelov, was delighted with the turnout and looked forward to fresh branches sprouting across Europe. “Trump is very popular in Bulgaria,” Mr. Angelov said. “He is a brand, you know? He is an international brand. ”",0
5635,War is eminent,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 13 + 12 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom",0
5636,"Veterans, Feeling Abandoned, Stand by Donald Trump","‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Veterans, Feeling Abandoned, Stand by Donald Trump By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 3, 2016 Veterans 
BY NICHOLAS CONFESSORE The roster of retired military officers endorsing Hillary Clinton in September glittered with decoration and rank. One former general led the American surge in Anbar, one of the most violent provinces in Iraq. Another commanded American-led allied forces battling the Taliban in Afghanistan. Yet another trained the first Iraqis to combat Islamic insurgents in their own country. But as Election Day approaches, many veterans are instead turning to Donald J. Trump, a businessman who avoided the Vietnam draft and has boasted of gathering foreign policy wisdom by watching television shows. Even as other voters abandon Mr. Trump, veterans remain among his most loyal supporters, an unlikely connection forged by the widening gulf they feel from other Americans. 
Read the Full Article at www.nytimes.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 3, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
5637,Earthquake Devastation Hundreds Killed: Rome Rattled by 5.4 Magnitude Earthquake to its East. (Video) | Earthquakes,"(Before It's News)
As Rome directs the NATO movements on a global scale and the earthquakes under her troops so she is feeling the Judgments of God. It won’t be long before the Hand of God has had enough of this New World Order and One World Religion.
From Central Video:
At least 247 killed in earthquake in central Italy
Saletta, Italy (CNN)
At least 247 people were killed after a 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck central Italy Wednesday, according to Italy’s Civil Protection Department. In the small Italian towns hit hard by a magnitude-6.2 earthquake that struck in the middle of the night, rescuers feverishly dug through the rubble of downed homes and apartments looking for survivors. In one such rescue, shown on CNN affiliate Sky TG24, a firefighter in Amatrice clawed at the rubble, trying to get to a little girl. He pulled back bricks and other debris as his co-workers and other men leaned in. Suddenly there was a foot, and leg, then the other leg. Several people wriggle in to help the firefighter. The firefighter clutches a girl, said to be 8 years old, and walks her out of the huge pile of rubble as a volley of cheers erupts. The girl silently holds on. It is impossible to tell what color clothes she is wearing because she is coated in gray dust. “Bella ragazza!” one bystander says as the girl is carried to safety. “Beautiful girl!” Read More",0
5638,Ancestral Climates May Have Shaped Your Nose - The New York Times,"Ask anyone what the nose does, and the reply will most likely be related to smell. We appreciate our noses because they help us experience flowers and   cookies. In fact, our honkers have another, more important function: They warm and humidify the air we breathe, helping prevent illness and damage in our airways and lungs. Because of this, scientists have long suspected that nose shape evolved partly in response to local climate conditions. In cold, dry climates, natural selection may have favored noses that were better at heating and moisturizing air. A team led by scientists at Pennsylvania State University has found more evidence of the relationship between the noses we have now and the climates where our ancestors lived. In a study published in PLOS Genetics on Thursday, the researchers found that nostril width differed significantly between populations from different regions around the world. Moreover, the higher the temperature and absolute humidity of the region, the wider the nostril, the researchers found, suggesting that climate very well may have played a part in shaping our sniffers. Physical traits that are in direct contact with the environment often undergo natural selection and evolve faster, said Arslan Zaidi, a postdoctoral scholar in genetics at Penn State and an author of the paper. “This is one of the reasons why we looked at nose shape. ” All in all, Dr. Zaidi and his colleagues measured seven nose traits, including the nose’s height, protrusion and nostril width, along with skin pigmentation and overall height in men and women whose parents were born in regions that corresponded with their genetic ancestry. They looked at four regions  —   West Africa, East Asia, Northern Europe and South Asia  —   with at least 40 participants in each group. “We selected these to maximize the distance across populations,” Dr. Zaidi said, adding that his team wants to sample more groups in future research. Between the groups in this study, only nostril width and skin pigmentation showed greater differences than would be expected because of chance accumulations of genetic mutations. Over all, people whose parents and ancestors came from warm, humid climates tended to have wider nostrils, whereas those from cold, dry climates tended to have narrower ones. Correlations between nostril width and climate were strongest for Northern Europeans, the researchers found, suggesting that cold, dry climates in particular may have favored people with narrower nostrils. These findings align with those of previous studies of the skull, which have shown that narrower internal nasal inlets tend to be more efficient at warming and humidifying air, said Katerina Harvati, director of the paleoanthropology department at the University of Tübingen in Germany, who was not involved in this study. Dr. Zaidi and his colleagues also demonstrated that nose shape is a heritable trait. They did this by showing a relationship between shared genes and similarities in nose shape in large groups of unrelated people. This is important because natural selection can act only on characteristics that can be passed from one generation to the next, said Todd Yokley, a biological anthropologist at the Metropolitan State University of Denver, who did not participate in the study. The fact that nose shape is subject to natural selection and showed evidence of varying with climate paints a convincing picture that climate adaptation played some role in the evolution of nostril width, Dr. Zaidi said. He added, however, that nostril width does not seem to correlate with climate as closely as skin pigmentation does. That may indicate that other factors are involved in what kinds of noses are passed down, he said, such as “cultural differences in what is considered an attractive nose or not. ” It’s also important to note that less than 15 percent of genetic variation in humans can be attributed to differences between people from different continents, Dr. Zaidi said. In actuality, the genes that differ because of geographic origin, such as those affecting skin color, hair texture and nose shape, are the rare exception, rather than the rule. “People are more similar than they are different. What this research does is offer people a view of why we’re different,” he said. “There’s an evolutionary history to it that, I think, kind of demystifies the concept of race. ” Studying how certain traits evolved as environmental adaptations that may no longer be relevant could also help us understand disease risk today, Dr. Zaidi said. “We know there are variable risks of respiratory diseases across different populations in the U. S.,” he said. “Can we find an explanation for that in morphology?”",0
5639,Faux-pulist: Elizabeth Warren Condemns Sessions for Suggesting Wealthy Corporations Should Hire Americans,"During her   Senate tirade against the confirmation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) criticized the former Alabama senator because his office suggested in a press release that a wealthy American corporation should hire Americans. [One would think Warren, who has been mocked as “Pocahontas” or “Fauxcahontas” for misrepresenting herself as a Native American to obtain preferential treatment, would be less cavalier toward Americans with serious questions about their own career prospects.  While there has been much media consternation over the populist direction of the Republican Party under President Donald Trump, there hasn’t been much discussion of the Democratic Party’s brand of populism, which finds its most vocal proponents in figures like Elizabeth Warren and Vermont senator Bernie Sanders. Indeed, many of the Democrat policies over the past generation could be critiqued as populist  —   what better term for promises of “free” college tuition or health care? The worst brand of populism attempts to manipulate the public by creating devil figures to play on its fears. About 35 hours into Warren’s tirade against Sessions on the Senate floor, she played that game with White House senior adviser Stephen Miller, who formerly served as communications director for Senator Jeff Sessions of Arkansas. (It’s actually 35 minutes into the clip below. It only feels like 35 hours.) Warren quoted extensively from a Daily Beast article, which sought to link Sessions to President Trump’s executive order for a temporary pause in visas and refugee applications from certain countries  —   incorrectly labeled a “refugee ban,” of course, because the media has demonstrated a comprehensive inability to discuss the executive order honestly. The idea behind the article was to cite the voluminous press releases Miller emailed when he was working for Sessions and suggest that Miller remained a puppet of Sessions even after he left to work for the Trump White House. (Or maybe Sessions is supposed to be a puppet of Miller. In any event, the gist of the argument Warren borrowed for her theatrical meltdown is that Sessions and Miller are excessively worried about terrorism  —   an argument that worked fantastically well with voters in 2016, propelling Hillary Clinton into the White House.) Among the ostensibly outrageous emails Miller sent when he worked for Sessions was “a link to a Facebook stock page on Google Finance with the subject line: ‘Does this mean Facebook has enough money now to hire Americans? ’” This seems like an odd digression for a Warren hit that was supposed to be about Jeff Sessions’ alleged   paranoid hostility to immigration. (She read the Daily Beast article right after reading the letter from Coretta Scott King condemning Sessions.)  But since she brought it up: why doesn’t she care about   corporations claiming they need more immigrant labor to remain profitable? All that Democrat posturing about their concern for the Little Guy goes right out the window when it’s time to push for   immigration, serve the needs of their   donors, or score cheap political points against a Republican. Democrats resolutely refuse to engage with the effect of madcap immigration policies on American unemployment and wages. It’s one of the big reasons Trump did so well with the “forgotten men” (and women!) who resent their status as designated losers under Democrat central planning.  Warren and her party have nothing to say when American workers, wearing both blue collars and white, question the wisdom of importing huge numbers of people for the express purpose of driving down U. S. wages, and the implied purpose of covering for the failure of our   education system. Whose fault is it, exactly, when employers claim they need imported labor to handle jobs Americans can’t or won’t do? The whole thing was a bizarre waste of time during a deliberation about whether Senator Sessions was fit to serve as Attorney General. Apparently Democrats still labor under the grave misapprehension that American voters think disagreement with Democratic orthodoxy is some sort of crime. Democrats know they can’t stop Trump’s Cabinet nominees  —   the American people made damn sure of that  —   so they’ve used confirmation hearings to perform   character assassinations, lay the groundwork for future assaults on Trump administration officials, whip up their demoralized voters, and (in Warren’s case) stage publicity stunts for their new books. None of that has anything to do with advice and consent for Cabinet nominees. Maybe Warren can take a break from reading other people’s writing into the Senate record and explain exactly why Stephen Miller was out of line for wondering if soaring corporate profits should translate into more American jobs. Her   rings hollow to people who see a difference between asking serious questions of Big Business and picking the pockets of random rich people to partially finance Democrat “free stuff” fantasies.",0
5640,Trailer For Trainspotting 2 Sparks 1000% Increase In Sales Of Drugs Nationwide,"We Use Cookies: Our policy [X] Trailer For Trainspotting 2 Sparks 1000% Increase In Sales Of Drugs Nationwide November 3, 2016 - BREAKING NEWS , ENTERTAINMENT Share 0 Add Comment 
TWENTY years on from the first Trainspotting movie, a trailer for its sequel has come roaring onto the internet, sparking an immediate uptick in business for local drugs dealers. 
“Fucking class,” remarked countless session heads as they poured over the adrenaline rush of a trailer which clocked in at under 3 minutes and welcomed back Renton, Spud, Sickboy and Begbie into their lives. 
Watching the trailer prompted many now emotional drug users to reach out to their local dealers and place overambitious orders for this coming weekend, with their eyes firmly placed on a massive, consequence free session, much like those depicted in the original movie adaptation of the Irvine Welsh novel. 
“Ah, ya forget how class the first one was, what a movie. Can’t fucking wait for the weekend now boi, casual hassle free Trainspotting weekend ahead for me,” remarked a Waterford local, whose memory hasn’t been the same thanks to years on the session. 
Local drug dealers are said to be overjoyed at the increase in business. 
“If there’s one thing you can say about Ireland’s towns and cities, it’s that they’re not fond of drugs at all so we’re happy with any business we can get,” explained one drug dealer, who can’t believe he didn’t think about playing Trainspotting on a big outdoor screen in order to boost business sooner. 
“I’ve hired about 200 screens now, everyone will be ringing me shortly,” he added, before showing off the additional eight mobile phones he had bought to cope with the incoming demand. 
With the reported 1000% increase in drug sales a ‘babies crawling on the ceiling’ warning has been issued nationwide.",0
5641,SHOCK: White House Won’t Comment on Obama “Plan” to Leave Country if Trump Elected,"SHOCK: White House Won’t Comment on Obama “Plan” to Leave Country if Trump Elected Oct 29, 2016 Previous post 
A number of Americans have promised to leave the United States if GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump wins the November election. 
While President Barack Obama has himself never issued such a pledge, the way his White House press secretary responded Monday to a question about his post-election plans suggested that perhaps he intended to leave as well. 
White House press secretary Josh Earnest took a direct question from a reporter about whether or not Obama himself would leave the county if Trump wins in November — but he gave anything but a direct answer. 
“He’s working very hard to make sure that nobody has to leave the country as a result of an electoral outcome that the president doesn’t support,” press secretary Josh Earnest said Monday during a news briefing on Air Force One, as reported by Politico . 
By no means was that statement an admission of anything; it was, however, a clear dodge. The question was whether or not Obama intended to leave were Trump elected president. Instead of offering a direct answer, Earnest seemingly justified the fears felt by anyone who did plan to leave. 
Is the president himself among those paranoid Americans riddled with fear over the GOP candidate’s potential presidency? This line of thinking might sound conspiratorial, but what the president himself said later that evening on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” only bolstered this perception. 
“There’s something different about the way Trump has operated in the political sphere,” Obama said, according to the Washington Examiner . “I ran against McCain, against Romney. I thought I could do a better job, but they’re both honorable men. And 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
5642,"Video of United Airlines Passenger Creates Furor in China, Too - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   A day after the forced removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight provoked a social media furor in the United States, a similar outcry followed in China, after   news outlets here described the man as being of Chinese descent. Long before the man’s name was widely known, another passenger on the flight on Sunday said that he had complained of being singled out because he was Chinese. The passenger, Dr. David Dao, was later identified publicly by his lawyers. By Wednesday morning, the hashtag “United forcibly removes passenger from plane” was the most popular topic on Weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter, garnering more than 550 million views and more than 240, 000 comments. Many Chinese social media users accused United of racism, while others called for a boycott. The outrage was furious and sustained over the passenger’s being dragged from his seat by security officers after refusing to be bumped from an overbooked flight from Chicago to Louisville, Ky. The episode was prominently displayed across the Chinese news media on Tuesday. CCTV, the state broadcaster, showed photographs of the passenger’s bloodied face above the word “Savage!” People’s Daily, the ruling Communist Party’s flagship newspaper, scolded United for initially failing to condemn the man’s treatment. United has said that the passenger and three others were selected to be removed from the flight after no one accepted the offer of a voucher to leave voluntarily. The other three passengers left without incident, the airline said. United’s chief executive, Oscar Munoz, apologized Monday for “having to   these customers,” called the episode “upsetting” and said the airline was conducting a review. On Tuesday Mr. Munoz went a step further. In a statement he offered his “deepest apologies,” adding, “No one should ever be mistreated this way. ” Mr. Munoz continued, “I want you to know that we take full responsibility and we will work to make it right. ” The controversy threatened to hurt United’s revenue in China, where the airline began flying in 1986 and has steadily built a loyal customer base. As of last May, United had 96 departures a week to cities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Wang Guanxiong, 40, an angel investor in the technology industry in Beijing who travels frequently to Silicon Valley, said he would never fly on United again. “Why did they choose an Asian out of so many passengers?” he said in a telephone interview. “Obviously Asians are the minorities. ” People’s Daily said it was “gravely disappointing” that the airline had “mentioned nothing of the violence against the Asian passenger. ” The Chinese news media often highlights episodes of violence and racism directed at people of Chinese descent overseas as evidence of what it considers the hypocrisy of Western democracies on human rights issues. Some of the online discussions took on political overtones, with commentators saying the incident exposed deeper problems in American society. “Where are the human rights the democratic countries have been advocating?” a Weibo user wrote. Others said the episode showed that people of Chinese descent in the United States faced rampant discrimination. “In the United States, Asians are often discriminated against,” one Weibo user wrote. “If it were a Muslim or black person, they wouldn’t have acted this way. ” Zhang Zishi, a student from the coastal province of Shandong who lives in Britain, started a petition on the website of the White House calling for a federal investigation into the case, using the hashtag #ChineseLivesMatters. By Tuesday evening the petition had exceeded its goal of attaining 100, 000 signatures. “I’ve learned from the media that there is a lot of racism in the United States,” Mr. Zhang, 18, said in a telephone interview. “I feel that Chinese people are treated unfairly. ” Joe Wong, a popular   comedian, was among those urging a boycott of United Airlines. “Many Chinese who have faced discrimination are unwilling to speak out because of their pride,” Mr. Wong wrote on Weibo. “Because of this attitude, neither mainstream Western media nor the public pays much attention to discrimination against Asians. ”",0
5643,Think Hillary Clinton Will Win in a Landslide? Don’t Bet on It - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump, after weeks of   damage, has seen support for his candidacy in national polls dip into the 30s  —   Barry Goldwater and Walter F. Mondale territory  —   while Hillary Clinton has extended her lead to double digits in several crucial swing states. Time to declare a landslide, right? Not so fast. The vote may be more favorable to Mr. Trump than the    prognosticators suggest for a very simple reason: Landslides do not really happen in presidential elections anymore. It has been 32 years since a president won the popular vote by a   percentage. That was when Mr. Mondale suffered an   defeat to Ronald Reagan in 1984. It was also the last time there was a landslide among states, with Mr. Mondale winning only Minnesota and the District of Columbia. There are a variety of factors that are likely to prevent a candidate today from rallying the huge,    majorities that swept Franklin D. Roosevelt back into office in 1936, Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and Richard M. Nixon in 1972. The country is too fragmented and its political temperature too overheated for any single person to emerge as a consensus choice for anything nearing   of the electorate. And that climate has led the political parties to become far more ideologically uniform than they used to be. “The biggest difference between today and say, 1936 or 1964, is the composition of the two parties,” said Jonathan Darman, author of the book “Landslide: LBJ and Ronald Reagan at the Dawn of a New America. ” Party identification used to be more fluid, making it less difficult for partisan voters to conceive of supporting someone of the opposite affiliation. “The Republican and Democratic parties were much more heterogeneous than the parties we have today,” Mr. Darman added. “Party identification had a lot more to do with regional ties and family traditions than ideology. ” Data show just how less likely crossover voting is today. Ninety percent of Republicans and   of independents see Mrs. Clinton unfavorably, according to the most recent   poll. And many Trump defectors are choosing to vote for   candidates, which has also contributed to Mrs. Clinton’s inability to break the 50 percent threshold in most national polls. (All together, the   candidates are approaching 15 percent of the vote, indicating an unabated dissatisfaction with the nominees for the two major parties.) According to Amy Mitchell, director of journalism research at Pew Research Center, about 20 percent of voters now hold political beliefs that place them at the ideological poles of their respective parties  —   a number that doubled from 2004 to 2014. And these people tend to reinforce one another’s views. “Those on the ends of the political spectrum are more likely to surround themselves with people that think like they do,” Ms. Mitchell said. This high level of polarization could contribute to a curious electoral phenomenon, which could cost Mrs. Clinton support: If people begin to believe that she is going to run away with the election, they may lodge a protest vote against her simply to deny her a commanding victory. “If it becomes a ‘free vote,’ ” said Peter Hart, a Democratic pollster, “I think that could be one of her problems. If it looks all too easy and all too comfortable, there may be voters who will say, ‘I don’t want her to win by a landslide.’ ” If Mrs. Clinton performs well enough, she could achieve something her husband, Bill Clinton, never did: winning a majority of the popular vote. But given the polling today, the election is showing certain resemblances to the 1992 race that sent Mr. Clinton to the White House the first time. That year, many voters dissatisfied with President George Bush flocked to the independent Ross Perot, and neither Mr. Bush nor Bill Clinton came close to a majority. Mr. Clinton took a whopping 370 electoral votes, despite winning just 43 percent of the vote. With Mr. Perot on the ballot again in 1996, Mr. Clinton won only 49 percent. President Obama’s victory in his first term was considered about as large a landslide as possible given how split the country is. But when compared with the Johnson, Roosevelt and Reagan landslides, it was paltry: just 53 percent. Recent elections were more closely divided. George W. Bush received 48 percent in 2000  —   after he failed to win the popular vote but won the Electoral College  —   and 51 percent in 2004. The margin of victory, however, is about more than just bragging rights. If voter unease does not subside, a smaller victory could limit Mrs. Clinton’s ability to claim the kind of popular mandate that she and Democrats on Capitol Hill would like. “A mandate is some kind of issue platform that you have advocated that is the basis of your victory,” said Lee M. Miringoff, the director of the Marist Institute for Public Opinion. “Not fear of the person who got beaten, which I think is the prime motivator of the Clinton people: the fear of Trump. The same thing can be said for Trump voters: fear of Clinton. ” Absent a popular vote landslide, the only overwhelming chances for victory lie in the Electoral College. Mr. Obama won in 2008 with 365 electoral votes to Senator John McCain’s 173, for example. Mrs. Clinton could approach or even exceed that if Mr. Trump’s poll numbers remain depressed. But even so, for Mr. Trump not to carry close to 20 states would be a defeat on a huge scale. Mr. McCain won 22 states in 2008. And despite the scale of that defeat, it was still far less lopsided than Mr. Mondale’s one state and the District of Columbia.",0
5646,"Hungary: All NGOS Should Declare Foreign Funding, Including Soros Money - Breitbart","BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP)  —   Hungary’s governing party says that it will propose legislation forcing   organizations reveal the source, amount and aim of foreign funding they receive. [advertisement",0
5647,A Dilemma for Humanity: Stark Inequality or Total War - The New York Times,"Is there nothing to be done about galloping inequality? Last year the typical American family experienced the fastest income gains since the government started measuring them in the 1960s. But the top 1 percent did even better, raising their share of income higher than it was when President Obama took office. Mr. Obama has led the most progressive administration since Lyndon B. Johnson’s half a century ago, raising taxes on the rich to expand the safety net for the less fortunate. Still, by the White House’s own account, eight years of trench warfare in Washington trimmed the top  ’ share, after taxes and transfers, to only 15. 4 percent, from 16. 6 percent of the nation’s income. It increased the slice going to the poorest fifth of families by 0. 6 percentage point, to a grand total of 4 percent. The policies also helped push the Republican Party even further to the right, leading to the Tea Party  —   whose rabid opposition to government redistribution still shakes American politics. They did nothing to salve  —   and perhaps even added to  —   the stewing resentment of white   Americans who feel left out of the nation’s advancements, producing the electoral victory for Donald J. Trump, who has proposed a tax plan that amounts to a lavish giveaway to the rich. The point is not that President Obama should have done better. He probably did the best he could under the circumstances. The point is that delivering deep and lasting reductions in inequality may be impossible absent catastrophic events beyond anything any of us would wish for. History  —   from Ancient Rome through the Gilded Age from the Russian Revolution to the Great Compression of incomes across the West in the middle of the 20th century  —   suggests that reversing the trend toward greater concentrations of income, in the United States and across the world, might be, in fact, nearly impossible. That’s the bleak argument of Walter Scheidel, a professor of history at Stanford, whose new book, “The Great Leveler” (Princeton University Press) is due out next month. He goes so far as to state that “only   thermonuclear war might fundamentally reset the existing distribution of resources. ” If history is anything to go by, he writes, “peaceful policy reform may well prove unequal to the growing challenges ahead. ” Professor Scheidel does not offer a grand unified theory of inequality. But scouring through the historical record, he detects a pattern: From the Stone Age to the present, ever since humankind produced a surplus to hoard, economic development has almost always led to greater inequality. There is one big thing with the power to stop this dynamic, but it’s not pretty: violence. The big equalizing moments in history may not have always have the same cause, he writes, “but they shared one common root: massive and violent disruptions of the established order. ” The collapse of the Roman Empire in the second half of the fifth century, reinforced by a bubonic plague pandemic, brought about Western Europe’s first great leveling. Productivity collapsed and the aristocracy’s   assets were expropriated, while Rome’s trade networks and fiscal structures were destroyed. Inequality bounced back, of course. By 1300 the richest 5 percent of people had amassed nearly half the wealth in the cities of Italy’s Piedmont. But another bubonic plague known in history as the Black Death changed all that, killing a quarter of Europe’s population in the 14th century and cutting the share of wealth of Piedmont’s rich to under 35 percent. Mr. Scheidel’s depressing view is bound to upset liberal politicians and social scientists, who quite naturally might prefer to live in a world in which events might move political and social systems to figure out a more equitable way to distribute the fruits of growth without the plague, the guillotine or state collapse. The standard understanding of inequality’s dynamics, at least until recently, was tamer. Posited in the 1950s by the   American economist Simon Kuznets, it held that disparities would grow in early stages of industrialization, as the successful few took advantage of new opportunities, but stabilize and decline as things like mass education, rising wages and social insurance naturally  —   and peacefully  —   raised incomes at the bottom. Professor Scheidel’s analysis “omits benign forces,” said Branko Milanovic, a professor of economics at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York. His book “Global Inequality” (Harvard University Press) published this year, takes a more sympathetic view of Kuznets’s analysis. “It makes a lot of sense as far as it goes,” he said of Professor Scheidel’s thesis, “but do I believe this is the entire story about how inequality can decline? No. ” Robert J. Gordon, the economic historian at Northwestern University who recently published “The Rise and Fall of American Growth” (Princeton) also argues that Mr. Scheidel’s view is too narrow. Big shocks might be needed to shake societies and their political systems to counteract widening income disparities, he acknowledges, but violence is hardly indispensable. President Franklin D. Roosevelt introduced the New Deal as a huge public effort to restore employment and raise incomes and spending in response to the Depression of the 1930s, not war, Professor Gordon points out. “It takes a big shock to create the right political situation, but it is the underlying politics that change things,” he said. “The Great Depression created a political opportunity, like the assassination of President Kennedy created a big political moment for Lyndon Johnson. ” Still, violence does seem to pack more punch than other crises. The New Deal did provide a big equalizing push  —   increasing union membership, providing employment for the less educated and raising tax rates. But World War II was much more of a game changer. For one thing it significantly improved the earnings of those at the bottom of the social system by vastly raising demand for unskilled labor to serve the war effort. The sense of social cohesion and sacrifice inspired by the war also underpinned an egalitarian social ethos that supported higher taxes and discouraged titanic profits and pay for chief executives. Between 1939 and 1945 the income share of the richest 10 percent dropped by more than 10 percentage points. And it did not start inching back up until the 1980s. But whatever was holding   inequality in check, it is now spent. Many social scientists  —   not to say   politicians  —   would like to believe that there are ways to push back: higher minimum wages, perhaps a universal basic income to help curb poverty sharply higher income tax rates for the rich along with a wealth tax a weakening of intellectual property rules, curbs on monopolies and coordination of labor standards around the world maybe a dollop of capital given to each citizen so all can benefit from the high returns on investment. Dream on. As Professor Scheidel bluntly puts it: “Serious consideration of the means required to mobilize political majorities for implementing any of this advocacy is conspicuous by its absence. ” So what does this leave us with? Another world war, with or without thermonuclear weapons? Let’s hope not. State collapse looks highly unlikely outside of some bits of   Africa. Revolution? Little chance, given the absence of any powerful ideological challenge to capitalism. “The world of the future is likely to be quite stable and have very high inequality,” Mr. Scheidel told me. Maybe we should just learn to stop worrying and love it.",0
5648,"U.S. Presidential Race, Rio, William Bratton: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Donald Trump did not stand down in his feud with the parents of a   soldier killed in Iraq, frustrating some campaign advisers and drawing President Obama’s strongest criticism yet. Mr. Obama urged Republican leaders to pull their support for his candidacy. Mr. Trump deepened tensions with Republican leaders by telling The Washington Post that he was “not quite there yet” in endorsing the reelection bid of Paul Ryan, the House speaker, and that he would not support John McCain either. Both endorsed Mr. Trump but have criticized him. Mr. Trump’s five draft deferments during the Vietnam War, including one for foot trouble, are under new scrutiny. _____ 2. Even before the president’s call, Richard Hanna, a   representative from New York, became the first Republican member of Congress to join forces with Democrats against Mr. Trump.  Seven national polls taken after the Democratic convention show Hillary Clinton leading by an average of nearly seven percentage points. _____ 3. Massachusetts has barred employers from asking about applicants’ salaries before making job offers. The novel law is meant to help close the wage gap between men and women by ensuring that compensation is based on the job’s value to the company, not an applicant’s prior salary. _____ 4. The leader of the largest police force in the U. S. is stepping down. After a    that culminated at the top of the New York City Police Department, William Bratton is taking up a job in the private sector. A leader in trying to resolve the racial distrust afflicting police departments around the country, he will advise business executives on security matters as head of Teneo Risk. _____ 5. More than 450 applications and phone calls from   recruits poured into the Dallas police department within two weeks of the attack that killed five police officers. “Everything going on around the world  —   the crises, communities not really getting along with each other, the protests,” one applicant said. “It just kind of hit me. ” Above, another applicant, Jaiston Sawyer, a security guard, with his girlfriend and their children. _____ 6. The Philippines has seen a sudden jump in killings related to the new president’s    war on drugs, and an equally sudden drop in crime. Since Rodrigo Duterte was inaugurated just over a month ago, 420 people have been killed, most of them by the police, but more than 150 by unidentified vigilantes. Police logs show that 114, 833 people have turned themselves in as either drug addicts or dealers. Above, a women held her slain partner, next to a sign accusing him of being a drug dealer. _____ 7. Harvard College, once a bastion of elitism, is trying to promote more inclusion. The dean is wrestling with six exclusive,   campus fellowships known as final clubs, which he calls “spaces that are rife with power imbalances. ” Soon, students who opt to join any of about 20   clubs, male or female, will be barred from athletics, denied dean’s recommendations for Rhodes and Fulbright scholarships and otherwise penalized. _____ 8. A good chunk of our sports desk has relocated to Rio to cover the Olympics, whose opening ceremonies come Friday. Our reporters noticed that athletes preparing to compete in track and field events are covering the logos on their shoes with tape, markers, elastic sleeves and spray paint. Some are doing it because their official sponsors don’t make the kind of shoes they need. Others don’t want to give nonsponsors free advertising. As one athlete put it, “no representation without compensation. ” _____ 9. The buzz is building for “The Underground Railroad,” by Colson Whitehead, which comes out in September. The book follows a teenage slave named Cora, who flees a Georgia plantation and tries to evade bounty hunters, informers and lynch mobs. Our reviewer calls it “a potent, almost hallucinatory novel that leaves the reader with a devastating understanding of the terrible human costs of slavery. ” _____ 10. It’s been almost five and a half years since an   tsunami killed tens of thousands people in Japan and left many more in unrelenting grief. One of our   articles today looks at the suffering of some of the tsunami’s survivors: Two men who learned to scuba dive to keep up the search for missing loved ones. “If I die,” one man told his wife as she fretted over the danger, “throw my ashes in the sea. ” _____ 11. Finally, do you floss regularly? A note of reassurance for those cringing in the negative: While the practice has been shown to maintain healthier gums, the association between flossing and dental health has never been proven with randomized trials. In fact, the latest U. S. dietary guidelines quietly dropped mention of flossing. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5649,Fox Host Jeanine Pirro: FBI ‘Disgraces And Politicizes’ Itself With ‘Wrong’ Letter About Hillary Emails (VIDEO),"Fox Host Jeanine Pirro: FBI ‘Disgraces And Politicizes’ Itself With ‘Wrong’ Letter About Hillary Emails (VIDEO) By Darrell Lucus on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
It’s no surprise that Democrats are up in arms over FBI director James Comey’s announcement to Congress that his agency was looking into emails that were potentially related to Hillary Clinton’s email server. However, a number of Republicans–including a number of Comey’s own agents–are also rolling their eyes in disgust . Well, on Saturday, another Republican joined that list . And that Republican happens to be a host on Fox News Channel. 
When Jeanine Pirro led off Saturday night’s edition of “Justice with Judge Jeanine,” she hiked eyebrows into hairlines by blasting the manner in which Comey and the FBI handled this matter. Watch here. 
Pirro got right to the point in her “Opening Statement”–from where she’s sitting, Comey’s decision to send that letter “both disgraces and politicizes the FBI” and was the definition of “all that is wrong in Washington.” 
It’s no secret that Pirro is a staunch Donald Trump supporter. Indeed, she has spent most of the campaign finding ways to attack Hillary–to the point that The Washington Post’s Erik Wemple called her “a key Fox News apologist for Trump.” But Pirro took off her red-tinted blinders long enough to come to the same conclusion as a number of other Republicans–there is no defence for the manner in which this was handled. “Whether it’s Hillary Clinton or anyone else, Comey’s actions violate longstanding Justice Department policy, the directive of the person he works under, the Attorney General–but even more important, the most fundamental rules of fairness and impartiality.” 
On paper, unlike the average Fox News host, Pirro knows how investigations are supposed to be conducted. She was a prosecutor in Westchester County, New York–a wealthy suburban county north of New York City, and home to White Plains and Yonkers–for 15 years, a judge for three years, and Westchester County district attorney for 12 years. 
But Pirro takes what happened to Hillary personally as well. She recalled that in 2006, when she was the Republican candidate for New York state attorney general, the FBI announced it was investigating her for secretly recording her husband almost a month before the election. Pirro contended that this announcement, like Comey’s announcement about the emails, ran counter to longstanding Justice Department policy against commenting on potentially politically-charged investigations for at least 60 days before an election. 
The investigation ultimately went nowhere. However, Pirro argued that “the adverse publicity” cost her dearly at the polls; she was ultimately routed by future governor Andrew Cuomo. For her, Friday’s announcement brought back memories of how she believed she was treated a decade earlier. “What happened to me in 2006 was wrong. And what happened to Hillary Clinton yesterday was equally wrong.” 
In the interest of fairness, it’s not likely that the announcement in and of itself cost Pirro the election. New York was swept up in a massive Democratic wave that year, one that saw Eliot Spitzer win the governorship with the second-biggest victory for a statewide race in New York history. 
Nonetheless, Pirro’s point is very well taken–no responsible investigator should make public comments about politically-charged investigations this close to an election, unless there is something absolutely earth-shaking. She reminded her viewers that the DOJ/FBI rule against commenting publicly on politically-charged investigations is in place for a reason–“announcements so close to elections have an impact,” and the FBI should not even appear to have “its finger on the scales of justice.” 
Like a judge scolding a lawyer, Pirro then knocked down two of the arguments that have been advanced in favor of Comey writing the letter. She didn’t see anything in his congressional testimony that would have left him with no option short of a public announcement. What about fears of leaks? Well, Pirro said Comey should have collared the committee chairs to whom the letter was addressed and told them, “If this gets out, I’ll know that you did it.” Pirro left out what may have been the biggest argument of all–at the time, the FBI hadn’t even obtained a warrant for those emails. It finally did so on Sunday night. 
Apparently Pirro anticipated that this wouldn’t go over too well in fair and balanced land; she closed by reverting to the usual GOP talking point that Hillary would be facing charges right now had Comey conducted a real investigation in the first place. It didn’t save her. Most of the commenters on two Facebook posts Pirro made on the matter have argued Comey had no other option. 
Then again, it’s not entirely surprising. After all, most Fox News viewers don’t think any Democratic president is legitimate in the first place, so apparently they’re perfectly fine with fundamental fairness being thrown out the window. The mere fact that we have to applaud Pirro for having the guts to speak out against Comey’s actions–which, at this point, seem incompetent at best–says a lot about the state of our discourse. And it isn’t good. 
( featured image courtesy Pirro’s Facebook) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
5650,Watch: Harvard Students Claim Trump Is More Dangerous than ISIS - Breitbart,"A reporter from online campus watchdog site Campus Reform asked Harvard students to decide what they find more dangerous: President Trump or ISIS. [Watch the video here:   Several Harvard University students argued that President Trump poses a greater threat to the United States than ISIS, the radical and violent terrorist organization. One student argued that Donald Trump’s policies are a greater threat because “terrorism is not really that big of a deal. ” This week, Harvard student organizers put together a   online course on how to “resist” the Trump agenda. The program’s website lists sessions with titles like “How to Communicate Our Values in Political Advocacy” and “How to Structure and Build Capacity for Action. ” So far, organizers say they have about 3, 000 groups “representing over 10, 000 people” registered for their first class. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
5651,Tesla Fires Employee Who Made ’Unmerited’ Sexual Harassment Claims - Breitbart,"Tesla fired a female engineer after claiming that her accusations of sexual harassment at the company were false and “unmerited. ”[Engineer AJ Vandermeyden “claimed she was taunted and catcalled by male employees and that Tesla failed to address her complaints about the harassment, unequal pay and discrimination,” according to The Guardian. However, Tesla claimed to have “had thoroughly investigated the employee’s allegations with the help of ‘a neutral,   expert’ and concluded her complaints were unmerited. ”  In a statement, Tesla claims to have fired Vandermeyden after launching an investigation into her claims and discovering that they were “illegitimate. ” “Despite repeatedly receiving special treatment at the expense of others, Ms Vandermeyden nonetheless chose to pursue a miscarriage of justice by suing Tesla and falsely attacking our company in the press,” said a Tesla spokesperson following Vandermeyden’s dismissal. “After we carefully considered the facts on multiple occasions and were absolutely convinced that Ms Vandermeyden’s claims were illegitimate, we had no choice but to end her employment at Tesla. ” Despite Tesla’s statement, Vandermeyden’s lawyer blamed the dismissal on sexism. “This was absolutely shocking for AJ. She is devastated,” said Vandermeyden’s lawyer, Therese Lawless. “She brought the lawsuit in an attempt to make the workplace at Tesla more equitable and fair and to have Tesla comply with the law. ” “They’ve just proven our case. It’s clear retaliation,” she continued. “Somebody is trying to instill in employees that when they speak out about matters they are legally allowed to speak out about, they too will be fired  …     It’s shocking in this day and age that this is still a fight we have to have. ”   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
5652,"As Trump Meets Xi at Mar-a-Lago, There’s a ‘Wild Card’ - The New York Times","He is a billionaire who made his fortune in real estate. He has been called a narcissist. He posts to Twitter  —   incessantly  —   about politics and his battles against the media. Lately, he has been spending time at a Florida resort named   . His name? Guo Wengui. Mr. Guo is a Chinese property magnate who has been living outside the country for more than two years. In recent weeks, he has launched a broadside  —   in television interviews and on Twitter  —   criticizing the effectiveness of the Communist Party’s fight against corruption, all from the safety of financial capitals like London and New York. He is also a member at President Trump’s resort in Palm Beach, and posted photos of himself on the grounds last month with   ’s managing director. Mr. Guo’s newly public persona  —   more akin to a dissident Russian oligarch and highly unusual in Chinese politics  —   comes at an awkward time, just before China’s president, Xi Jinping, and Mr. Trump are to meet at the resort for their first summit meeting. The Chinese billionaire’s ties to the club are a new twist in how President Trump’s business interests can complicate diplomacy, in this case with arguably the world’s most important bilateral relationship. At    moneymaking, socializing and statecraft converged in February, when Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister, conferred with Mr. Trump over a North Korean missile test in full view of the club’s members. Entry into    will be more strict this time than during Mr. Abe’s visit, said a United States official with knowledge of the preparations for the meeting, who was aware of Mr. Guo’s remarks, but could offer no details about the security protocols. At the very least, it would be embarrassing if Mr. Guo, who is also known as Miles Kwok, were to show up at the seaside resort during the meeting Thursday and Friday. At worst, his presence could incense Mr. Xi and the Chinese delegation. Mr. Guo left China during a corruption scandal linked to the jailing of his political patron, a top security official. Mr. Guo said his assets in China  —   he puts the figure at more than $17 billion  —   were seized. “Guo would certainly be a very disruptive wild card at  ” said Christopher K. Johnson, a former senior China analyst at the C. I. A. who is now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. Mr. Johnson said in an interview that China considered Mr. Guo a criminal and sought his return, although there is no public record of him being charged with a crime. During Mr. Abe’s visit, club members and guests were permitted to enter without undergoing all the stringent security protocols imposed at the White House. The United States official, who was not authorized to speak to the news media and asked for anonymity, did not know if members would be barred from the grounds during the   meeting. Mr. Guo, when asked, would not say whether he intended to show up for the summit. Even if he is kept out, the vetting of a president’s paying guests before a major summit meeting presents a staffing challenge that no previous administration has faced. The allure of rubbing shoulders with the rich and powerful is an attraction of    which recently doubled its initiation fee to $200, 000. Mr. Trump has called it the “Southern White House. ” Mr. Guo’s membership could be especially sensitive because of the lengths China’s leaders go to stamp out any political discussion that deviates from the Communist Party line, particularly remarks about the wealth of top leaders. Mr. Guo has leveled specific accusations against a former top party leader. In two recent   interviews and on Twitter, Mr. Guo, while highly critical of many current and former Chinese leaders, has praised Mr. Xi, or at least refrained from directly criticizing him. “I pray that President Xi’s visit is smooth, for relations between the peoples of the United States and China to start a great new era,” Mr. Guo said in a text message in response to questions from The New York Times. Mr. Guo is not the first Chinese tycoon to leave the country in a cloud of controversy and decamp to the United States or another Western country. Mr. Johnson said he was most likely second on a list of prominent business executives Beijing was seeking to repatriate, behind the younger brother of a top official who held a post equivalent to the White House chief of staff. That man, Ling Wancheng, left China for the United States about three years ago before the arrest of his brother, who is now serving a life sentence for graft. But Mr. Ling has stayed quiet and kept his whereabouts secret. For the first two years of his exile, Mr. Guo did the same. That all changed in late January, when he activated his Twitter account and gave the first of two rambling interviews with the Mirror Media Group, a   news company based on Long Island. China has more billionaires than any other country with the possible exception of the United States, but none as outspoken and flamboyant as Mr. Guo. He has a penchant for posting photos of himself in workout tights and camouflage, performing planks and other exercises. He sips vintage French wine in front of a picture of an aviator     chimpanzee in his London office and likes to show off the private jets he uses for his frequent   flights. One American who met with him described him as affable. But Mr. Guo is anything but   . He built a fortune in the Darwinian world of Chinese real estate, and people who crossed him soon rued the day. In 2006, he handed to the police a sex tape of a Beijing deputy mayor who had disputed one of his land deals. The official was imprisoned and Mr. Guo got the property, building the   Pangu Plaza next to Beijing’s Olympic Green, a landmark during the 2008 Summer Games. He kept his extensive car collection in a vast underground parking lot, arranging the dozens of Ferraris,   Bentleys and Bugattis in petal shapes to show to visitors, said one person who knows him. He is in a   public battle with China’s most prominent journalist, Hu Shuli, whose newsmagazine, Caixin, reported in 2015 that Mr. Guo used his ties to Ma Jian, a former vice minister in the country’s spy agency, to further his business interests. Mr. Ma was expelled from the Communist Party and is being prosecuted on graft charges. Mr. Guo accused Ms. Hu of being corrupt and working for a “behind the scenes” power broker. Caixin sued Mr. Guo, saying he defamed Ms. Hu. Mr. Guo claims that he was the victim of corruption that went to the highest level of Chinese politics, the elite standing committee of the Communist Party’s Politburo, but that the official in question  —   now retired  —   has not been prosecuted. Mirror Media says its Chinese audience reaches the hundreds of millions, making Mr. Guo’s assertions particularly sensitive for Mr. Xi, who is trying to consolidate power before a major Communist Party leadership meeting later this year. “We have all been used as tools,” Mr. Guo said in a March 8 interview. Mr. Guo named names. His most   statement is that his former business partner, now in jail, was backed by the son of the Communist Party’s former top discipline official, He Guoqiang. He also described an audiotape he obtained, which detailed threats his erstwhile business partners were planning. “They said that they would beat Guo Wengui to death, and to put Guo Wengui to death,” Mr. Guo said during the Mirror Media interview. Chinese billionaires living abroad are not immune to the long reach of Beijing’s security apparatus. The day after Mr. Guo’s first public broadcast in late January, another prominent billionaire, Xiao Jianhua, was apparently abducted from his apartment at the Four Seasons Hotel in Hong Kong, whisked across the border and taken into custody in mainland China. Mr. Guo says he knows Mr. Xiao, and they have something in common: business ties that intersect with top Chinese leaders. Mr. Guo was in London last week at the prestigious Mark’s Club in Mayfair, which requires men to wear jackets “at all times. ” He said he was a member there. Earlier in March, he was at    posing for pictures. He posted photographs of himself with Bernd Lembcke, the club’s managing director. During his stay, he also visited     an Episcopal church that the Trumps attend, and spent some time at an elegant beachside home, decorated with an Asian motif and featured in Architectural Digest that is now owned by a limited liability company tied to Victor Vargas, a Venezuelan banker. Mr. Guo, posting on Twitter in Chinese, said he had done business at the club, convening a meeting of his limited partnership company there. Mr. Guo, in a Twitter message to The New York Times, said he was a member, which was confirmed by a person briefed on the matter. “Over the years, there have been many memorable moments here,” Mr. Guo wrote of   . “I’m feeling a lot of emotion. In the last few months a controversial businessman became the American president. Why he wanted to become president I just don’t understand. But I admire his persistent character. Don’t give up!”",0
5653,Donald Trump pide que le encadenen en el sótano de la Casa Blanca durante la superluna,"Donald Trump pide que le encadenen en el sótano de la Casa Blanca durante la superluna ""HAY UN TRUMP QUE NO QUIERO QUE CONOZCÁIS"", HA DICHO superluna 
Asegurando que es “lo más seguro para los ciudadanos y para mí mismo”, el nuevo presidente de los Estados Unidos, Donald Trump, ha pedido al servicio secreto que lo encadene en el sótano de la Casa Blanca durante la noche de hoy “y hasta que la superluna desaparezca”. 
“La coincidencia temporal de mi presidencia y de la mayor y más brillante Luna desde 1948 y hasta 2034 no es casualidad”, ha declarado Trump desde la Casa Blanca minutos antes de ser encadenado en una de las dependencias subterráneas de la Casa Blanca, según han informado la CNN y el New York Times a última hora de la tarde. “Pedir que me sujeten con cuerdas y me ajusten en la cara un bozal de plata es completamente normal, no es necesario alarmarse”, ha explicado. 
“Un mal que ni siquiera yo puedo controlar está despertando en mí, pero podéis estar tranquilos”, ha dicho. 
“Si os parezco racista no queráis saber cómo soy cuando hay una luna como la de esta noche”, ha declarado el presidente. Según dice, durante la noche de hoy tendrán lugar ciertos “cambios fisiológicos probablemente reversibles y sin conssecuencias” en su persona. 
“Un Trump que no conocéis está a punto de ser desatado pero si estoy bien encadenado no sucederá nada que haya que lamentar”, ha explicado el propio Trump. 
“Ya viene, el otro Trump ya viene y tiene hambre”, ha insistido al notar que su peinado se agitaba como si tuviera vida propia. El líder republicano, que derrotó a Clinton en unas tensas elecciones presidenciales, ha querido dejar claro que lo que vaya a ocurrirle hoy “no es peligroso y es absolutamente rutinario”, aunque ha advertido al Servicio Secreto que si esta noche logra escapar del sótano le disparen sin dudarlo. 
“Desatadme por la mañana si sigo vivo”, ha concluido Trump. 
El servicio secreto ha advertido a los americanos que si escuchan quejidos, insultos y comentarios misóginos procedentes del sótano del 1600 de Pennsylvania Avenue no se asomen y sigan encerrados en sus casas hasta el amanecer.",0
5654,Brother of Clinton’s campaign chair is an active foreign agent on the Saudi Arabian payroll,"VIDEOS Brother of Clinton’s campaign chair is an active foreign agent on the Saudi Arabian payroll The system isn’t rigged — it’s performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence By Clare Bernish - November 1, 2016 
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the “ Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,” and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers’ lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia’s hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta’s lobbying efforts “raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.” 
“The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for ‘insulting Islam,’” Alternet reported . “Since then, Tony Podesta’s fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia’s advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.” 
Notably, the Saudis’ reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta’s status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks’ publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
“Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
“I do want to push back a bit (it’s my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we’ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won’t. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.” 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
“Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can’t give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.” 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign’s image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
“Where do we draw the line though?” 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
“If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary’s time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary’s past campaigns specifically. 
“Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
“As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I’m just offering this up as a middle ground.” 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
“Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?” 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta’s specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year’s end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
“Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,” Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . “That spans both what you’d call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.” 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn’t rigged — it’s performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence.",0
5655,Obama’s DOJ is Blocking the FBI from Huma Abedin’s Clinton Emails!,"Email 
America learned a worrisome bit of news on Sunday when mainstream media outlets began reporting that while the Department of Justice was in possession of tens of thousands (possibly hundreds of thousands ) of new (and unseen) emails pertinent to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server, they were NOT allowing the FBI to have access to those emails ! 
This is extremely frustrating news, as there is less than two weeks to go before Election Day and most Americans would like to know for sure if Hillary Clinton is indeed a crook before they go and pull the voting lever. Yahoo News reported that the FBI had not yet attained a warrant to see the emails, but this should be a moot point for two reasons – first, Anthony Weiner (the subject of the investigation that dug up the new Abedin/Clinton emails) has been cooperating and gave investigators clearance to all of his devices and electronic material. Secondly, Abedin previously swore to investigators that she had turned over all of her devices and all of her recorded emails. The discovery of a new device and thousands of new emails proves she lied to investigators and could be facing prison for doing so. (UPDATE: The FBI’s warrant finally came through Sunday evening and they should begin combing through every email on the laptop soon.) 
While the DOJ may be stonewalling the FBI for now, Fox News’ Bret Baier explained that the FBI doesn’t need a warrant because Weiner has already given them permission to search the computer. I emailed that 2 sources say Weiner is cooperating w/ FBI- & co-owned laptop. Also NY FBI had info 4 a few weeks- pressure was building https://t.co/AHbQVtvQzg 
More from the Daily Caller : 
Additionally, the U.S. Attorneys offices and local law enforcement have access to the FBI laboratory , for example, to conduct “scientific examinations of evidence for any federal, state, and/or local law enforcement organization in the United States.” 
“With all of these law enforcement agencies, both local and federal, now looking into this case, it’s a sign that they’re really going after him,” a law enforcement source told The NY Post back in September. “They want to nail him.” 
Less than two weeks ago, The Daily Mail reported that a federal grand jury was expected to hear the allegations against Weiner in the coming weeks. Weiner, as a result of the grand jury convening, already received a federal subpoena for his devices, as reported by CNN in September. The FBI confiscated Weiner’s electronic devices on October 3, The New York Times reported . 
What does it all mean? 
The FBI is going to get those emails, each and every one, the DOJ knows this, which means the only possible reason for belaboring the handoff to the FBI is to slow the course of the investigation ensuring that any new information is held until AFTER Election Day. This is corruption and election fraud of the highest order, coordinated by Obama’s DOJ and executed by Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
5656,Family of Armed Robbery Suspect Outraged Pizza Hut Employee Shot & Killed Their Son,"Following the shooting death of 28-year-old armed robbery suspect Michael Renard Grace Jr., surviving family members are now speaking out and demanding answers as to why a restaurant employee would have been allowed to carry a firearm at their place of business.
As if the idea of a robbery victim fighting back in self defense were something completely unfathomable, the deceased suspect’s parents are calling his death undeserved and unjustified. 
Predictably, Temia Hairston and Michael Grace Sr. told media outlet WBTV that even though their son walked into the Charlotte area Pizza Hut intent on robbing the business with two other armed men, was it just “an act of desperation ” and that they do not believe he would have hurt anyone.
Image of Michael Grace Jr. via WISTV 
“Why in the hell did this guy have a gun?” Hairston stated to WBTV… This is despite the fact that the most glaring and obvious possible answer to that question is that the employee carried a firearm for exactly this type of scenario. But I digress.
Via WISTV 
Police said Grace Jr and two other people tried to rob a Pizza Hut in the 3200 block of Freedom Drive. During the incident, an employee fired his own handgun and killed Grace Jr.
“If there was to be a death, it was not the place of the employee at Pizza Hut. That is the place of law enforcement,” said Hairston.
They said Grace Jr had fallen on hard times and resorted to crime to provide for his own child. They also said their son used to work at the same Pizza Hut restaurant where the robbery happened. They maintain he never would have physically hurt anyone during the robbery.
She said her son was shot in the head, and she thinks the shooting may have even been personal…
Sounds more like an individual with proper firearms training to me, but yeah, of course defending your own life is personal.
The family said they want Pizza Hut to release more information about the situation and acknowledge that their son used to be a Pizza Hut employee.
Hairston said she thinks the employee who shot her son needs to be in jail, and wants all parties involved in the situation to be honest about what happened.
The employee involved has reportedly been placed on leave. Pizza Hut released the following statement:
“The local Pizza Hut franchisee is fully cooperating with the Charlotte Police Department as they continue their investigation, but want to stress that the security of its staff is of utmost concern. They are providing support to the team members involved to ensure their health and well-being following this incident. The employee involved in the shooting has been placed on a leave of absence following further review.” 
Thoughts on this? Let us know in the comment section below.
",0
5657,Pieczenik “Rogue FBI Agents and Wikileaks are Spearheading a Movement to Stop the Clintons from Stealing the White House” – TruthFeed,"Breaking News Pieczenik “Rogue FBI Agents and Wikileaks are Spearheading a Movement to Stop the Clintons from Stealing the White House” Pieczenik “Rogue FBI Agents and Wikileaks are Spearheading a Movement to Stop the Clintons from Stealing the White House” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
The world is teaming up to stop crooked Hillary from taking the White House. 
From Wikileaks to rogue FBI agents, everyone is doing their part to stop the sinister Clinton Machine. 
It’s a joint effort from patriots hailing from every corner of the world. 
Watch the video: Breaking:Twitter Friendly Version A soft coup has been launched by FBI to overthrow the Clinton’s hostile takeover of the White House. pic.twitter.com/MrPUlSO1OE 
— OakTown ☢MAGA O.G☢ (@hrtablaze) November 2, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
5658,Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26 Decapitations Are Seen - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The death toll from a riot in a penitentiary in northeastern Brazil rose on Sunday to 26 prisoners, increasing the number of prison killings in the country this year to more than 120. Decapitations and mutilations are common in Brazil’s violent, overcrowded prisons, in which 40 percent of inmates have yet to be sentenced, but the latest wave of brutality has appalled many here. The riot began around 5 p. m. on Saturday at the State Penitentiary of Alcaçuz, 13 miles from Natal, in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, and continued until around 7 a. m. on Sunday, when riot police officers took control of the prison. “The situation of the rebellion is controlled,” said Maj. Eduardo Franco of the Rio Grande do Norte police. On Sunday, the authorities initially said they had found 27 bodies, but the death toll was later revised to 26 Major Franco said there had been a mistake. Many of the bodies were mutilated. The prison has a capacity of 620 but was holding around 1, 100 prisoners when the riot began, the authorities said. All of the inmates had been sentenced, Major Franco added. Wilma Batista, the director of the prison agents’ union in Rio Grande do Norte, sent a photograph of two headless, mutilated corpses in a prison yard via a cellphone messaging service and said she had seen many others. “We are shocked,” she said. With Brazil swamped in recession, President Michel Temer’s government reeling from one graft scandal after another, and a wave of seemingly uncontrollable prison violence, many Brazilians feel they are going back to a darker recent past when crime, corruption and the economy were out of control. “We thought we had turned that page, and now it is coming back,” said Mauricio Santoro, a professor of international relations and political science at the State University of Rio de Janeiro. The killings reflected the escalation of a deadly gang war that exploded when 56 prisoners were massacred in Manaus, in Amazonas State, on Jan. 1. Four more were killed the next day in another jail in the city. The state authorities attributed the Manaus deaths to the Family of the North, an Amazon drug gang that had attacked prisoners connected to a rival gang, the São   First Capital Command, known by its Portuguese abbreviation, P. C. C. The gangs were believed to be fighting for control of lucrative drug smuggling routes. The P. C. C. was for years allied with a Rio de Janeiro drug gang called the Red Command. Last year, the alliance fell apart, leading to a spate of prison killings. On Jan. 6, after the Manaus massacre, 33 prisoners were found butchered at a prison in Boa Vista in Roraima State, in the far north of Brazil. The state authorities said the P. C. C. was behind the killings. Four more prisoners were killed in a third Manaus prison after being moved from the site of the first massacre. The riot on Saturday night began when prisoners linked to the P. C. C. rebelled during visiting hours, Ms. Batista said. They were in a separate prison, Rogério Coutinho Madruga, which is next to Alcaçuz and effectively part of the same complex. She said that just six prison agents were on duty, and that they managed to free visitors before retreating to another block. “The agents saved the visitors and had to retreat” because prisoners set the block on fire, Ms. Batista said. The escaped prisoners then attacked a block inside the Alcaçuz jail that housed men from another gang, the Rio Grande do   Crime Syndicate, Ms. Batista said. Since 2015, many of the cells inside Alcaçuz have had no bars, and prisoners wander freely 24 hours a day, Ms. Batista said. Police officers and prison guards managed to stop the killing from spreading further, but electricity to the prison was cut. The police decided to wait until dawn before entering, and they restrained desperate relatives who were trying to get inside. Lincoln Gakiya, a state prosecutor from an organized crime unit in São Paulo State who has specialized in the P. C. C. said its split with the Red Command was behind the crisis. The Rio gang has allied with five other gangs around Brazil, including the Crime Syndicate. “This war is for the hegemony of the drug trade,” Mr. Gakiya said. “The prison system is not prepared for this gang war. There is no place to separate the gangs. The system is overcrowded, so the tendency is to get worse. ” A cellphone video circulating on social media showed a man with his face covered, brandishing what looked like a machete or a sword, walking among a large number of mutilated bodies in what appeared to be a prison yard. The letters P. C. C. were scrawled in what looked like blood on a wall. Although it was impossible to verify the video, the bodies visible were wearing blue shorts similar to those worn by prisoners shown in local news reports. Grisly videos like this have circulated after all of the attacks. Sublieutenant Eliabe Marques, a police officer and the president of a Rio Grande do Norte state association of police and firefighter sublieutenants, said the dispute between the P. C. C. and the Crime Syndicate had grown worse recently. “In jail, the prisoner has to join one or other of the gangs, P. C. C. or the Crime Syndicate,” he said. “It is a phenomenon that is making the situation in Rio Grande do Norte even more serious. ” Ms. Batista said the prison agents’ union had warned of potentially explosive conditions inside the prison but had been ignored. “It is very sad, not just for the butchery, but to see organized crime face the state, the power of the state, leaving more scars on prison agents who suffer psychologically and physically from such a stressful profession,” she said.",0
5659,Waitress accidentally breaks ancient Roman statue at British Museum,"Waitress accidentally breaks ancient Roman statue at British Museum Waitress accidentally breaks ancient Roman statue at British Museum By 0 29 
A catering worker accidentally snapped the thumb off a priceless Roman statue at an event held at the British Museum. 
The caterer smacked her head on the marble hand of the world-renowned Townley Venus statue as she rose from bending down. 
The British Museum described it as an “ unfortunate incident ” which is being taken “ seriously .” 
Museum workers have reportedly managed to glue the thumb back onto the statue, which they describe as being fully restored. 
The incident took place last December, but was only reported to Trustees of the Museum in March. 
“ This was an unfortunate incident. Our expert conservators have been able to fully restore the object and it has remained on public display ,” a museum spokesman said. 
“ We have taken the incident seriously and have retrained all individuals responsible for events .” 
The Townley Venus dates from the first or second century AD and is named after wealthy English collector Charles Townley. 
It is adapted from a lost Greek original statue, dating from the fourth century BC, and depicts the goddess Venus with her torso nude. 
Several other priceless artefacts belonging to the British Museum have been accidentally damaged over the years, including the Elgin Marbles, which were damaged by two fighting schoolboys in 1961. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
5660,"Iran Blames Saudi Arabia for Islamic State Parliament, Ayatollah Shrine Rampage - Breitbart","The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) have accused Saudi Arabia of organizing an Islamic State attack on Iran’s Parliament and the shrine of the leader of the Iranian revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. The Islamic State have officially taken responsibility for the attack. [At press time, Reuters reports that the IRGC say Saudi officials coordinated the attack, which left at least 12 dead and 42 wounded.  JUST IN: Iran’s revolutionary guards say Saudi Arabia was behind deadly attacks in Tehran  —   statement pic. twitter.   —   Reuters Top News (@Reuters) June 7, 2017,  The   Presse reports that the IRGC claim America is also “involved” in the attack in some way: #BREAKING Iran Guards claim US, Saudi ’involved’ in Tehran attacks,  —   AFP news agency (@AFP) June 7, 2017,  “Let there be no doubt that we will take revenge for today’s attacks in Tehran, on terrorists, their affiliates, and their supporters,” Brigadier General Hossein Salami, the deputy commander of the IRGC, said in a statement, according to Russian propaganda outlet RT. Iranian state media responded to the attack by publishing articles quoting Saudi officials’ recent statements against Iran, implying that, at the very least, Saudi Arabia inspired the Sunni Islamic State terrorists to attack the centers of power in   Iran. An estimated eight percent of Iran is Sunni Muslim, compared to 89 percent Shiite. “Saudi Arabia’s deputy crown prince Mohammed bin Salman in challenging remarks made a few weeks ago warned that his country would take the battle to Iranian soil,” the   Fars News Agency recalled Wednesday morning. Bin Salman had reported noted in May that the Iranian government perceived Riyadh as a “primary target” for   terrorism, and said: “We won’t wait for the battle to be in Saudi Arabia. Instead, we’ll work so that the battle is for them in Iran. ” Fars also quoted Saudi Foreign Minister Adel   in a separate article, who told officials in France that reported indicated Iran was harboring   terrorists. According to Fars,   “said Iran must be punished for what he claimed as interference in the region and support for terrorist organizations. ”   reportedly demanded Iran become a “normal state,” not a sponsor of terrorism, and abide by international law, in a report published hours before the Islamic State attack. The articles do note cite similar remarks from Iranian officials. In May, for example, Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan warned that Tehran would “leave no area untouched” of Saudi Arabia “except Mecca and Medina,” the holy cities, if Iran felt threatened. Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has repeatedly claimed the United States, Israel, and “the West” created the Islamic State to keep the Middle East destabilized. In recent remarks, he mocked the West for losing control of what he claimed was their own creation: “This is a fire that [Western powers] themselves ignited and now has backfired on them. ” A combination of armed attackers and suicide bombers targeted the two locations in the Iranian capital Wednesday, with Iranian officials identifying one of the suicide attackers as female. The gunmen, dressed as women and carryingKalashnikov rifles, executed a siege on the Parliament that lasted four hours before Iranian law enforcement announced that they had killed all assailants. The attack interrupted an active Parliament committee session. ISIS suicide bomber detonates himself at Imam Khomeini shrine south of Tehran. #pt pic. twitter.   —   Hayder   (@Hayder_alKhoei) June 7, 2017,  Videos began surfacing on social media of the attack, indicating that the gunmen wore body cameras to ensure their attack was documented. In one of the videos, a man is heard repeating phrases popularized by late ISIS propagandist Abu Mohammad  . The attack is the latest in what is shaping up to be the bloodiest Ramadan in recent memory. Ramadan is the holy month of Islam, in which jihadists believe their acts of violence will reap them more rewards in Jannah, the afterlife.",0
5661,"Tour Group That Led Otto Warmbier to His Death Keeps North Korea Trips, Bans Americans","Young Pioneer Tours, a travel operation that brings Western communist sympathizers into North Korea, Cuba, and other danger zones, announced Tuesday it will no longer accept Americans on its trips to North Korea following the death of Otto Warmbier. [Warmbier, 22, died Monday following his release from North Korean custody last week. He had traveled to Pyongyang with Young Pioneer Tours and stood accused of attempting to steal a communist propaganda poster from his hotel.  In a March 2016 hostage video, Warmbier “confessed” to the crime and claimed that the U. S. government had bribed him to tamper with the poster. In that confession, he also thanked North Korea for its “humanitarian” treatment of a “severe criminal” like him. In a blog post on its website, Young Pioneer Tours announced, “We will no longer be organising tours for US citizens to North Korea. ” “The devastating loss of Otto Warmbier’s life has led us to reconsider our position on accepting American tourists. There had not been any previous detainment in North Korea that has ended with such tragic finality and we have been struggling to process the result,” the statement reads. “Now, the assessment of risk for Americans visiting North Korea has become too high. ” While the group condemns the “way” that North Korea handled the detention as “appalling” and a “tragedy,” it does not condemn the North Korean regime for arresting Warmbier in the first place or for its record of detaining Americans to be used as diplomatic bargaining chips. The company also claims that it made “constant requests” to North Korean officials for information on Warmbier but was told only that “he was fine. ” Warmbier arrived in the United States last week with “extensive brain damage” according to American doctors that cared for him in Ohio before his death. North Korean officials claimed that he had been in a coma for about a year after contracting botulism and taking a sleeping pill, but American doctors said they saw no evidence of botulism. Warmbier’s father, Fred, attacked Young Pioneer Tours and its ilk in the press conference he hosted last week, following Otto Warmbier’s return to Ohio. “The North Koreans lure Americans to travel to North Korea via tour groups, run out of China, who advertise slick ads on the internet proclaiming, ‘No American ever gets detained on our tours’ and ‘This is a safe place to go,’” he explained. At the time, the New York Times reported, the Young Pioneers website read that being American was “not at all” a problem in traveling to North Korea, despite U. S. State Department warnings against such travel. Since the change in policy this morning, the site notes that it will not accept American travelers on its North Korea trips. Other than that minor change, the group’s misleading portrayal of North Korea, clearly designed to appeal to impressionable youth, remains on the site. “Despite what you may hear, for most nationalities, North Korea is probably one of the safest places on Earth to visit provided you follow the laws as provided by our documentation and   briefings,” the website claims. It applauds North Korea’s not allowing foreigners to go anywhere in the country without a communist chaperone because it “adds to the mysticism of the country. ” It warns tourists not to speak too much during the trip: “If you’re quiet and listen you’ll be surprised just how much you can learn. ” Young Pioneers also still boasts “budget tours to destinations your mother wants you to stay away from” and a blog replete with praise for a dizzying array of oppressive regimes ranging from Cuba (“We’re taking you to Cuba this December for our annual Che Guevara Revolutionary Tour! ”) to Myanmar (“One of the most special and unique travel experiences, due to its stunning geography, rich and varied culture and warm, proud people”) and China (“Once in a lifetime Maoist adventure”). Young Pioneers, named after the communist equivalent to the Hitler Youth, calls itself “a company that craves communist kitsch. ” Its founder, British   Gareth Johnson, writes in his biography that his “  love for the people and culture of the DPRK” led him to establish the group and praises North Korea’s “great, plentiful, and cheap!” seafood. At least one American, Amanda Moore, is listed as an official in the company. While the company is in the public eye for leading Warmbier to his death, Young Pioneers is not the only group preying on the curiosity of young Westerners with North Korea trips. One tour group, the Koryo Group, also claims on its website that North Korea is “probably one of the safest countries in the world for a tourist. ” New Korea Tours promises “a tour of communism which starts with the 1950’s reconstruction.   …     Every tourist who has traveled with us has said it has been one of the highlights in their world travels. ”",0
5662,Houses of Worship Poised to Serve as Trump-Era Immigrant Sanctuaries - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Tucked one floor below the majestic Gothic sanctuary of Arch Street United Methodist Church, Javier Flores Garcia sleeps on a cot in a basement   classroom that church members have outfitted with a microwave, a compact refrigerator and a television. Mr. Flores, an arborist, longs for the open air, but does not dare set foot outside. He was supposed to report to the immigration authorities last month to be deported to his homeland, Mexico, but one day before his report date, he took refuge in the church. His family is why he is fighting to remain, and when they visited him in the church recently, his    son, Javier Jr. parked on his lap. The boy often refuses to leave his father’s side, and has ended up staying for days with him in the church. On Christmas Day, Mr. Flores had been there six weeks. This downtown church is one of 450 houses of worship in the United States that have offered to provide sanctuary or other assistance to undocumented immigrants, according to leaders of the Sanctuary Movement. (Few congregations have the space and fortitude to risk harboring immigrants indefinitely, so others are lining up to contribute money, legal aid, food, child care or transportation.) The congregations joining this network have more than doubled since the election of Donald J. Trump  —   a rapid rebuttal to Mr. Trump’s postelection promise to deport two million to three million unauthorized immigrants who he said have been convicted of crimes. Protecting immigrants is shaping up to be a priority of the religious left, an amorphous collection of people and groups reflecting many faiths and ethnicities. It has been jolted into action by Mr. Trump’s victory and his selection of an attorney general nominee who supports a crackdown on immigrants. “Jesus said we are to provide hospitality to the stranger,” said the Rev. Robin Hynicka, Arch Street’s pastor, citing Matthew 25, in which Jesus instructs his followers to feed, house and clothe “the least of these,” the poor and vulnerable. “That’s exactly what we were asked by Javier, to provide sanctuary. And of course, we said yes,” he added. Mr. Hynicka spoke in his chilly upstairs office at the church, which has 375 members. The heat worked better in the basement fellowship hall, where up to 30 homeless people take shelter on winter nights. This church is accustomed to mobilizing for social causes, from gay marriage to fights against casino gambling and for an increase in the minimum wage. Five years ago, the church joined the New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia, but Mr. Flores is the first person the church has taken in. On this night, his children excitedly brought Mr. Flores stray pieces of candy that volunteers were stuffing into piñatas for a party later. Mr. Flores and his longtime partner, Alma Lopez, have two children: Javier Jr. and Yael, age 2. He has also been a father to Ms. Lopez’s daughter, Adamaris, age 12, since she was abandoned as an infant by her birth father. All were born in the United States. The family’s home is two bus rides away from the church. Ms. Lopez, sucking on a lollipop, said having the family return to Mexico is not a solution: “We want a better future for our children. The situation in Mexico is very bad. There’s no work, no good school. Here, we have a future. ” The federal immigration authorities say Mr. Flores has a long history of violations: He was apprehended nine times between 1997 and 2002 trying to cross the border. He   and was ordered removed by a judge in 2007. He   twice in 2014 and served prison sentences for illegal   a criminal felony conviction. Last year his children saw him taken away by the authorities, and it took a toll. While Mr. Flores was in detention this year, Adamaris attempted suicide in April, drinking a bottle of rubbing alcohol. She was hospitalized for nine days. Immigration officials released Mr. Flores for 90 days to prepare his family for deportation. Sanctuary was his last hope. “My only crime is coming back,” said Mr. Flores, who wears a   ankle bracelet. The sanctuary movement in the United States is not new. American churches offered sanctuary to soldiers who refused to serve in the Vietnam War. And in the 1980s, congregations opened their doors to Central Americans fleeing wars in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. The movement was revived in 2006 and grew during President Obama’s two terms, said the Rev. Alexia Salvatierra, a pastor in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. At least 2. 5 million people were deported during Mr. Obama’s time in office, earning him the nickname “deporter in chief. ” One big change from the 1980s, Pastor Salvatierra said, is that now, thousands of Latino churches and their clergies are also involved in protecting immigrants  —   frequently their own members and often quietly. In the ’80s, mostly white, Protestant churches led the way. “We’re in a different universe now. We don’t need the white people to rescue us, thank you very much. We need to be in partnership,” she said in an interview, before heading off to train sanctuary workers at a multiethnic church in downtown Los Angeles. She expected 25 people, but 150 signed up. But some see sanctuary as misguided, or naïve. Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, which supports tighter controls on immigration, said she understood that churches had sympathy for people facing deportation. “But I find myself wishing that they had as much sympathy for other parishioners they have who are adversely affected by illegal immigration” because of jobs, higher taxes or crime. Churches, schools and hospitals are considered “sensitive locations,” according to  Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Immigration officers are supposed to avoid those locations, unless they have advance approval from a supervisor or face “exigent circumstances” that require immediate action, said Jennifer Elzea, an agency spokeswoman. Religious leaders are preparing for the possibility that this could change under President Trump. Auburn Seminary in New York City, which trains religious leaders on the left, convened a postelection “Long Game Faith Summit” this month, and invited the Rev. Alison Harrington from Tucson to give workshops on sanctuary. “We can’t assume that churches and houses of worship will remain safe locations,” said Ms. Harrington, senior pastor at Southside Presbyterian Church, long a hub for sanctuary work. Sanctuary workers in the ’80s organized a sort of “underground railroad” to move immigrants from dangerous regions to safer ones, and that may have to be reactivated, she told her workshop. In considering whether to offer sanctuary, congregations look for immigrants with viable cases and sympathetic stories. Mr. Flores was the victim of a knife attack outside Philadelphia in 2004 and gave the police testimony that resulted in the attackers’ arrests. He has applied for a U Visa, given to crime victims, said his lawyer. In Denver this month, the Mountain View Friends Meeting, a Quaker church, took in a woman from Peru who worked for years in a nursing home using fake papers, pleaded to a felony, paid $12, 000 in back taxes and served four years on probation, said Jennifer Piper, interfaith organizer with the American Friends Service Committee and coordinator for the Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition. The Peruvian woman has two children, ages 8 and 1, who are both American citizens. There are about 11 people in sanctuary in churches in New York now, said the Rev. Donna Schaper, senior minister of Judson Memorial Church, which is sheltering one of them. These immigrants did not commit violent crimes, she said, and many, like the woman in Denver, paid their penalties and now face double jeopardy. Ms. Schaper said that these are hardly the Mexican “rapists” whom Mr. Trump has said he will deport. “We are talking mostly about   crime. Faking credit cards. Faking IDs. Many of these people are quite middle class and well educated,” she said, and they are not only Latinos, but also Chinese, Russians, Pakistanis and many others. For some churches, the immigrants at risk are their own parishioners. Robert W. McElroy, Roman Catholic bishop of San Diego, recently told a Catholic immigration conference, “It is unthinkable that we will stand by while more than 10 percent of our flock is ripped from our midst and deported. ” The Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles recently declared itself a “sanctuary diocese” and called for “holy resistance” to Mr. Trump’s immigration plans. The   Conference of the United Methodist Church also proclaimed support for sanctuary efforts. And when its rabbis convene in February, the Jewish group T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights will offer training on how to turn synagogues into sanctuary congregations. Before the piñata party at the Arch Street church, there was a ritual called Las Posadas, a   of the search for shelter by Mary and Joseph. Visitors collected outside the sanctuary doors and sang verses pleading to be let in. Church members responded from inside. Mr. Flores and his family were inside, of course. “What better work for the church to do,” said the minister, Mr. Hynicka, his arm around them, “than to provide what we know God gives us, our heartfelt commitment to family, whether that family comes from Mexico, or from Philadelphia, or wherever. ’’",0
5664,"Biden Blames “Lazy American Women” For The Economy: “They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work”","Email 

Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. “If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,” he said. “That’s trillions of dollars over the next decade.” 
Biden made his remarks during a campaign event for Hillary Clinton at Chatham University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Tuesday. “The state of our economy could be characterized by a single word: pitiful,” he argued. “We’re still battling recession, I don’t care what the official stats are saying, America is still in recession. And we’re not doing anything about it.” 
He added that it was “lazy American women” who brought about the downfall of the economy, because “they sit around on their behinds, doing nothing and squandering their days away when they could be improving the country that has given so much to them.” “I’m not sure how exactly we got to this point, but we’re here and we need to move. Like, yesterday,” he said. 
“Mark my words and mark them well,” he addressed the crowd. “Hillary Clinton is the only one who can force American women to go to work. This is true because of a number of reasons. First, she’s a woman herself and not just any woman; she’s a self-made woman. So you better believe what she’s saying is true and has been tried and tested in practice plenty of times.” 
“Second, Hillary Clinton understands how difficult it can be to give up the status of a free-loader when your husband is the bread-winner of the household and the wife is expected to tend to the house, the children, make sure dinner is served and always be in the mood for marital duties. She’s been all that and she’s learned how to break free from it, the hard way, I might add,” Biden continued. 
“Today’s women are pampered and aren’t used to rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done on their own,” the vice president said. “They’re too dependent, too weak and too lazy to contribute to the economy. The reason for that is they’ve learned how to manipulate men by employing one of the most fundamental laws of economics: when a sought-after commodity becomes short in supply, the demand for it rises even higher.” 
“Now, that’s all fine and dandy when it comes to their personal interests, but if you look at the big picture, it’s the economy that’s missing out on valuable workforce. And that’s why we need to get them off their lazy behinds and get them into their workplaces. And like I said, Hillary Clinton is the only one who can do it, which is what makes her the ideal candidate for the next President of the United States. We need to heal this country, folks, not run it into the ground even deeper,” Biden concluded.",0
5665,Trump promises $100 Billion to Black and Latino communities,"
Donald Trump is appealing to the black voters. Brunell Donald-Kyei came on FOX Business Lou Dobbs show and said that Donald Trump wants to make a new contract with African Americans and Latino Americans.
From the National Diversity Coalition for Trump Brunell Donald-Kyei and Bruce Levell break down Donald Trump’s support for minority communities.
Donald Trump said: Look, I’m not Jay-Z, I’m not JayLo, I’m not Trina, I’m not trying to entertain you but what I am saying is look I have a contract with African-American and Latinos, I want to put $100 billion into your communities over the next 8 years and not only that, I’m gonna put $20 billion into School Choice.
So basically what happened is, black people are waking up better hearing Donald Trump’s messages now, you got to remember the mainstream media a lot of them, not FOX, but they been calling him a racist, a the divider and all of these things, in an attempt to walk away from the fact that Hillary Clinton nor does the president have a record of doing anything for our innercities whether be blacks or Latinos.
Brunell Donald-Kyei asked blacks and latinos to try something new this time around, she said: Vote Trump and put that $100 billion dollars, that $20 billion that Donald Trump is offering, make him prove it to you, give him 4 years, give him a chance. We need that money for our communities, we need it!
Trump basically saying: I’m gonna make your communities prosperous.
Donald Trump has a great message.

",0
5666,Site of Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting a Gun-Free Zone - Breitbart,"On January 6 a passenger from an Air Canada flight allegedly pulled a gun from a checked bag in baggage claim and opened fire, shooting numerous innocents inside the passenger terminal. [Florida law designates an airport “passenger terminal” as one of the many places that   citizens are not allowed to carry a gun for  .  The Florida Senate’s list of Florida Statutes states that a “[concealed carry] license issued under this section does not authorize any person to openly carry a handgun or carry a concealed weapon or firearm into  …    the inside of the passenger terminal and sterile area of any airport, provided that no person shall be prohibited from carrying any legal firearm into the terminal, which firearm is encased for shipment for purposes of checking such firearm as baggage to be lawfully transported on any aircraft. ” In other words, it is legal to have a gun with you if it is “encased” for travel —  say, for the purposes of a hunting or shooting trip —  but it is not legal to have one otherwise. This mean   Floridians with concealed carry licenses were barred from having their guns on their persons for   while at the baggage claim where the January 6 attack occurred. The Crime Prevention Research Center notes that “Florida is one of only six states that completely ban concealed carry at airports. ” Breitbart News spoke to Florida Carry Inc. ’s Sean Caranna after news of the Ft. Lauderdale attack broke, he said: Once again a murderer has chosen a   “gun free zone” to indiscriminately kill innocent people. Thankfully law enforcement was able to respond quickly, but tragically not before multiple victims were murdered. Florida Rep. Raburn ( ) and Sen. Greg Steube ( ) have each filed separate legislation this year to allow for lawful defensive carry in the   areas of airport terminals. This cowardly and tragic act is further proof that people need the ability to defend themselves wherever they peacefully go. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
5667,A London Subway Experiment: Please Don’t Walk Up the Escalator - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Perhaps it is all the tourists  —   18. 6 million international visitors to London last year, a record. Perhaps it is the gradual “Europeanization” of Britain. And perhaps it is just something to do with the blocked traffic on these ancient streets and all the diesel fumes in the air. Cars still drive on the left, and signs still instruct you to walk on the left. But these days, on the sidewalks, staircases and escalators, chaos reigns. Walking anywhere in London or navigating the subway during rush hour means having to make a mad, dodging, aggressive dance against an oncoming tide of people, many of whom seem oblivious to Britain’s long tradition of walking on the left. And that is not counting those engrossed in their smartphones or blocking the exits while consulting Google Maps. The answer to traffic, of course, should be the subway, or the Underground. But the system is chronically overcrowded, and annual ridership, already at 1. 34 billion, has been increasing nearly 4 percent a year. It has been rising so much that at Holborn Station, one of London’s busiest and deepest, with more than 56 million passengers a year and escalators 23. 4 meters, or 77 feet, tall, there is an experiment to encourage people at rush hour to stand side by side on the escalators going up and merely ride them. The science is simple: Fill the available space on the escalators with people, rather than leaving the left side of each step largely empty, except for the few who choose to march up the metal mountain. The London Underground has concluded that in stations with escalators more than 18. 5 meters, or about 61 feet, tall, much of the left side of the escalators goes unused, causing blockages and lines (“queues”) at the bottom. A   trial at Holborn last year found that standing on both sides of the escalator reduced congestion about 30 percent. During rush hour, about 16, 220 people could travel on the escalators, compared with 12, 745 in normal conditions. So a   trial began at Holborn in April. “It seems to be working better,” said Kieron Racher, a member of the Special Requirements Team for the London Underground. “We’re slowly changing people’s minds. ” Mark Evers, the customer strategy director for the London Underground, said results had been mixed, “as we expected at this stage. ” With customer use increasing so fast, and given the depth of Holborn, it made sense to try the experiment during the morning and evening rush hours, he said, when the station is particularly hellish. Holborn Station, opened in 1906, serves a busy commercial and academic part of London, near the British Museum, the London School of Economics and Bloomsbury Square, and two major lines, the Piccadilly and the Central, pass through it. During many evening rush hours, staff members limit the number of people who can enter the station, or they shut it entirely for up to 10 minutes at a time because the escalators and platforms are packed. Peter McNaught, the operations director for the London Underground, expressed optimism about the escalator experiment. “We hope this can lead to improving congestion at Holborn, making journeys easier for all our customers,” he said. Of course, not everyone is happy. Some, like Andrew Hossack, are in a hurry to get to work. “A lot of people walk,” he said. “It’s about time, isn’t it?” Some, like Beth Forrester, like climbing for the exercise. “I always walk,” she said. “I always get my steps in!” Andrew Brenner said he had stood that day, “but normally I walk, because it seems so stupid just to stand there. ” Martin Dearden said he normally stood. “There are so many people,” he said. “I suppose in the end it does get more people out faster. ” The behavioral science department at the London School of Economics has developed different messages to encourage travelers to stand. Screens at the bottom of the escalators show a looped video of a neatly uniformed woman from the staff advising people to stand on both sides. There are signs on the floors painted footsteps on both sides of the escalator stairs electronic versions of triangular “stand on the right” signs and, of course, station announcements that are difficult to hear through an inadequate loudspeaker system. But the Underground has also, cleverly, left a third escalator  —   on the far left, of course  —   for anyone to ride or climb as he or she pleases, so in some sense it is stepping heaven, without any official hectoring. If Holborn is a nightmare, Victoria Station is arguably worse, because it is undergoing a long reconstruction project to deal better with increased traffic and work more efficiently with the hugely busy railway and bus station there. Given the building work, together with major construction projects nearby in an area that is being quickly built up, the walkways near the station are temporary and narrow, with uneven surfaces and lined with painted plywood. They are made narrower still by pillars, homeless people and puzzled tourists, since these pathways do not typically show up on smartphones and can be disorienting. So at normal times they are difficult, and during rush hour they are a terrible obstacle course. Made much worse, of course, by the breakdown of the traditional British habit of walking on the left. Instead, bodies fill all available space, especially as people wait at crosswalks or peer around to see if they can walk against the light, and then come at you like a Roman phalanx with shoulder and shopping bags instead of shields. And of course, in this land of Magna Carta, some think it is their right as freeborn English men and women to do whatever they please, without Brussels or the London Underground telling them what to do.",0
5668,BREAKING: AP Finds Proof Melania Trump Illegally Worked In U.S. PRIOR To Getting Work Visa,"  
In what may be the last bombshell to drop prior to Election Day, the Associated Press is now reporting that they have found the smoking gun that proves Melania Trump worked illegally in the United States prior to obtaining a work visa. 
This means: For all intents and purposes, Melania was the sort of “illegal” immigrant that her husband now labels as criminals and morally-bankrupt. The Trump family lied about this fact and conspired to cover it up for the duration of the election. This comes at a supremely bad time for Trump, who recently made Melania a campaign centerpiece – including a much publicized speech on… you guessed it… immigration. 
Here’s what the AP found : 
The documents obtained by the AP show she was paid for 10 modeling assignments between Sept. 10 and Oct. 15, during a time when her visa allowed her generally to be in the U.S. and look for work but not perform paid work in the country. The documents examined by the AP indicate that the modeling assignments would have been outside the bounds of her visa. 
It is highly unlikely that the discovery will affect the citizenship status of Mrs. Trump. The government can seek to revoke the U.S. citizenship of immigrants after the fact in cases when it determines a person willfully misrepresented or concealed facts relevant to his naturalization. But the government effectively does this in only the most egregious cases, such as instances involving terrorism or war crimes. 
According to the documents, Melania made roughly $20,000 illegally before getting her visa – only slightly less money in seven weeks than the average undocumented worker Trump disparages as “moochers” make in a year . 
While existing standards mean Melania would likely remain a U.S. citizen despite her previous violations, her husband’s plans to crack down on illegal immigration might be working against her. Trump has long held that people who “cheated” to get into the United States illegally should be moved to the “back of the line.” Would he include his wife in that sweeping category? 
Of course, Melania Trump should not be deported over a technicality in her early immigration status. However, her husband might want to think about that fact when he screams at rallies about rounding up families of Hispanic immigrants and shipping them out of the country. Melania is living proof that the immigration issue in this country isn’t exactly cut-and-dry. Not that Trump is known for any semblance of nuance. 
Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
5669,Image of Putin Snuggling a Pregnant Donald Trump Projected on New York Apple Store - Breitbart,"An image of Russian president Vladimir Putin caressing a pregnant Donald Trump was projected onto a New York Apple store on Tuesday evening as part of Valentine’s Day stunt by the dating app Hater. [The image, projected onto the Apple store in Chelsea, was accompanied by the message “Love Through Hate. ” The app, which matches people according to their mutual hatreds, claims that over 200, 000 of their user base hate Donald Trump.  Dating app celebrates Valentine’s Day with a pregnant Trump cuddling Putin https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Mashable (@mashable) February 15, 2017,  “There’s a lot of tension out there, regardless of which side you’re on, we’re just trying to make people laugh. Through humor, hate can turn into love,” Hater CEO Brendan Alper told Business Insider. Two other separate projections also took place across New York, one on 14th Street and Eighth Avenue, and another in the Williamsburg neighborhood in Brooklyn. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5670,House Democrats Release Benghazi Report to Blunt Republican Inquiry - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   House Democrats on Monday moved to   the findings of a     investigation into the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, in which four Americans were killed, by issuing their own   report that cast the inquiry as a politically motivated crusade that wasted time and money. The release of the Democrats’ report came amid signs that the House Select Committee on Benghazi, led by its chairman, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, was nearing the release of its official findings. In the face of intense criticism, Mr. Gowdy has repeatedly defended the committee’s work as the most comprehensive examination of the attacks in Benghazi, which occurred on Sept. 11, 2012, and resulted in the deaths of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens a State Department official, Sean Smith and two Central Intelligence Agency contractors, Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty. In recent days, the committee has reiterated longstanding complaints about lack of cooperation with the investigation by the Obama administration, including a statement by Mr. Gowdy on Monday citing obstruction by the State Department. The committee has also cited the refusal by the White House to have President Obama respond to written questions. “For nearly a year and a half, the State Department has withheld documents and information about Benghazi and Libya from the American people’s elected representatives in Congress,” Mr. Gowdy said in the statement. “Whatever the administration is hiding, its justifications for doing so are imaginary and appear to be invented for the sake of convenience. That’s not how complying with a congressional subpoena works, and it’s well past time the department stops stonewalling. ” In their counternarrative, the Democrats serving on the House Select Committee said they had been virtually shut out of the process of developing the report, and they accused their Republican counterparts of trying to besmirch Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, who was secretary of state during the Benghazi attack. “Section II of our report documents the grave abuses that Select Committee Republicans engaged in during this investigation,” the Democrats wrote. “Republicans excluded Democrats from interviews, concealed exculpatory evidence, withheld interview transcripts, leaked inaccurate information, issued unilateral subpoenas, sent armed marshals to the home of a cooperative witness and even conducted political   by exploiting the deaths of four Americans. ” The Democrats also singled out Mr. Gowdy for criticism. “In our opinion, Chairman Gowdy has been conducting this investigation like an overzealous prosecutor desperately trying to land a   conviction rather than a neutral judge of facts seeking to improve the security of our diplomatic corps,” they wrote. The Democrats’ report included praise for American personnel in Benghazi and Tripoli, the Libyan capital, saying they “conducted themselves with extraordinary courage and heroism,” and determined that the American personnel could not have saved the four who died. The report includes some criticism: “The State Department’s security measures in Benghazi were woefully inadequate as a result of decisions made by officials in the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. ” But it absolves Ms. Clinton of responsibility, adding, “Secretary Clinton never personally denied any requests for additional security in Benghazi. ” The Democrats accused the Republicans of spending more than $7 million on an investigation that they argued would not reveal any substantially new information that would alter the understanding of events as described in multiple previous inquiries. The Republicans sharply dismissed the report, turning the main Democratic criticism around  —   saying that they were overly focused on Mrs. Clinton. “Benghazi Committee Democrats’ obsession with the former secretary of state is on full display,” the committee’s press secretary, Matt Wolking, said in a statement, which also accused the Democrats of issuing “rehashed, partisan talking points defending their endorsed candidate for president. ” Noting that in the Democrats’ report, Mrs. Clinton’s name appeared 339 times compared with 85 mentions of Ambassador Stevens, Mr. Wolking added: “As Chairman Gowdy has said, this is not about one person. This investigation is about the four brave Americans we lost in Libya: Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty. That is how the majority has conducted its thorough investigation, and we look forward to revealing the new information we have uncovered to the families and the American people. ” The work of the Benghazi committee led to the discovery that Mrs. Clinton had used a private email server for many communications connected to her duties as secretary of state, a revelation that has led to separate inquiries into her conduct, including by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. But House Republicans have also contributed to the general sense that the committee overly focused its sights on Mrs. Clinton. The majority leader, Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, caused a stir in September when he boasted on Fox television that the committee’s work had put a dent in Mrs. Clinton’s poll numbers. Mr. McCarthy said: “Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. Why? Because she’s untrustable. But no one would have known any of that had happened, had we not fought. ” Those comments helped derail Mr. McCarthy’s own bid to succeed Speaker John A. Boehner. Mr. Gowdy has long disavowed those remarks, saying the discovery of the private email server was a highly unexpected development in his investigation.",0
5672,"Donald Trump and the G.O.P.: The Party of Lincoln, Reagan and, Perhaps, Extinction - The New York Times","Staunch in its opposition to the Democrats but rived by fierce internal schisms, the American political party stumbled toward defeat, its members cursing their fate. “We are slain,” cried Lewis D. Campbell, a representative from Ohio. “The party is dead, dead, dead!” That was the election of 1852, when the Whig Party, then one of the country’s two major political forces, began to crumble over bitter arguments about slavery. The Whigs would dissolve within four years, to be reborn as the Republican Party  —   the very party now engulfed by its own civil war. As this year’s extraordinary election hurtles toward its climax, scores of Republican leaders have deserted their party’s presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump. A snowballing scandal over sexual harassment and assault allegations has caused Mr. Trump’s poll numbers to crater, and some of the party’s top donors have suggested abandoning him altogether. But a solid core of    Republicans stands defiantly with Mr. Trump, flocking to increasingly raucous rallies where the candidate vents his rage toward and disdain for a party that, at least theoretically, still backs him. The turmoil raises a bracing possibility: Is an American political behemoth  —   a    party that has produced 18 presidents, including Abraham Lincoln, Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan  —   about to fall apart like its predecessor? “There is a real danger,” said William Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Standard, a conservative magazine, and an early critic of Mr. Trump. “But I wouldn’t panic yet. It’s very hard to know where we stand right now. A lot depends on the election in November. ” The Republican schism is in fact the culmination of simmering tensions within American conservatism. For years, the party has been an amalgam of factions: Christian evangelicals,   foreign policy hawks and more. The election of Barack Obama in 2008 helped spur the rise of a strongly conservative wing known as the Tea Party, with a brand of protest politics that fed off the anger of many white voters and created an opening for Mr. Trump this year. Republican leaders have never been happy or comfortable with Mr. Trump  —   a celebrity tycoon who has changed his party affiliation five times  —   even as he vanquished 16 rivals to clinch the party nomination. But for months the leaders turned a blind eye to Mr. Trump’s verbal attacks on Muslims, Mexicans and women, hoping that even if he lost the presidential election, the party could retain its prime political asset: its majorities in the House of Representatives and the Senate. Although Republicans have lost the past two presidential elections, they have had stunning success in congressional races and now enjoy their largest majority since 1928. That has given them considerable power to block laws, constrain President Obama and threaten government shutdowns. Republicans also control   of the 50 state legislatures, allowing them to shape laws on issues at the heart of America’s culture wars: guns, abortion and marijuana. But when a recording emerged of Mr. Trump boasting about groping women, it struck at the core of a party that prides itself on “values,” and Republican leaders could no longer look the other way. Some Republican politicians who expressed revulsion at Mr. Trump’s comments might have been acting out of cold political calculation. On Nov. 8, Americans will vote not only to elect a president but also to fill all 435 House seats and 34 of the Senate’s 100 seats. Analysts predict that a crushing defeat for Mr. Trump could cost Republicans their advantage in the Senate and even their control of the House  —   a prospect that until recently was considered a distant possibility. It is easy to forget that the Republican Party, now known as an   and   stalwart, originated as the progressive face of American politics. Founded in 1854 on a platform of opposition to slavery, the party was initially dominated by Northern states, which were more industrial. The first Republican president, Lincoln, held the Union together through the Civil War, during which he issued the Emancipation Proclamation, which led to the abolition of slavery. The party’s nickname, the Grand Old Party, dates from that period, as does its mascot, the elephant, which first appeared in 1874 as a political cartoon in Harper’s Weekly. In the years before and during the Civil War, the Democratic Party, which dominated the agrarian South, supported slavery. But the tables turned in the 1960s, when the Democratic Party championed an end to segregation and Southern states swung to the Republicans, increasingly the party of conservatism. Mr. Trump’s campaign has ushered in a new chapter of the conservative story, building a coalition of disaffected voters motivated as much by their anger at government and establishment politics as by any policy issue. In the final weeks of the race, Mr. Trump’s   campaign has exposed a yawning gulf between Republican leaders and much of the party’s base. While Washington insiders and Republican thinkers have scorned Mr. Trump, some politicians, unsure of their constituents’ opinions, are weighing whether to lend him their support. After the recording was made public this month, some leaders disavowed Mr. Trump but then, facing a backlash from constituents, reaffirmed their support  —   a maneuver known in the British news media as a “reverse ferret. ” Some Republicans have had enough. At the party’s contentious national convention in July in Cleveland, I met Ryan Davenport, 25, a teacher from Dallas in a    bow tie, who brimmed with fury at the ascension of Mr. Trump as the party’s  . When I called Mr. Davenport last weekend, he said he had abandoned the party and would vote for Evan McMullin, a former C. I. A. operative who began a moonshot bid for the presidency as an   independent. Mr. Davenport said he took no pleasure in seeing the party he loved in disarray. But when   for Mr. Trump called his house, he told them to leave him alone. “We have a predator running for president of the United States,” Mr. Davenport told me. “He’s radioactive. ” Whether Mr. Trump wins or loses in November, questions over the party’s future will remain. Mr. Kristol, the conservative commentator, said Mr. Trump’s candidacy could turn out to be “a bit of fluke” because his brand of politics enjoys limited support among elected Republicans. “If you look at your average stump speech, they do not sound like Trump,” Mr. Kristol said. Others see the party veering toward a possible split. “Our views  —   the Republican intellectuals and   people  —   differ from a significant chunk of the electorate,” said Avik Roy, a conservative strategist who likened Mr. Trump’s success to the rise of   nationalist parties in Europe. “And it’s the electorate that decides. ” In pugnacious form, Mr. Trump has in recent days inveighed against Republican leaders. Dealing with his party, he declared, was harder than fighting his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. With several polling websites putting Mr. Trump’s chances of winning the election around 10 percent, he appears to be steeling for defeat, warning his supporters that the outcome of the election will be rigged. At a rally in Florida on Thursday, he struck an apocalyptic tone. “This is a struggle for the survival of our nation,” he said. Or, at least, the survival of the Republican Party.",0
5673,GOP Office Is Bombed and Loretta Lynch (Mob) Stands Down,"
 

IF Trump wins the election, the following is a sign of very serious things to come.
The GOP offices are firebombed in North Carolina. The obvious suspects are Soros’ groups, the Clinton Foundation and rabid Democrats. And what did Loretta Lynch (Mob) do? The answer to the question and more lies below.

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.


",0
5674,Disrespecting the American Imperial Presidency,"2 Shares
1 0 0 1
(Credit: IoSonoUnaFotoCamera / flickr)
When the dust settled on the Nov. 8 election, we learned that a completely unpredictable, egomaniacal, narcissistic buffoon would inherit the White House and the vast powers that go along with it. This deeply offended many people who see Donald Trump’s racist and misogynistic rhetoric as “unpresidential.” Liberal New York Times columnist Charles Blow summed up this view: “I respect the presidency; I do not respect this president-elect.” That the president-elect should not be respected is a given. But why should we respect the presidency?
The Imperial Presidency of the United States has evolved over the last century to the point that the executive holds certain powers that can be considered dictatorial. Arguably, the most consequential decision in politics is to wage war. The Constitution specifically reserves this right for Congress. The President, as Commander-in-Chief, directs the wars that Congress declares. However, starting with Truman’s intervention in the Korean War in 1950 and continuing with invasions of Vietnam, Grenada, Iraq and Afghanistan and the bombings of dozens more countries, the President’s ability to unilaterally initiate war with a sovereign nation has been normalized. Congress has not declared war since 1941 despite the fact the U.S. military has intervened in nearly every corner of the world.
In recent years, George W. Bush assumed the power to kidnap, torture, and assassinate any individual, anywhere in the world, at any time, without even a pretense of due process. Upon replacing Bush, Barack Obama legitimized Bush’s kidnapping and torture (by refusing to prosecute the perpetrators or provide recourse to the victims) while enthusiastically embracing the power to assassinate at will. Noam Chomsky said Obama has trashed the 800-year-old Magna Carta, which King John of England would have approved of.
Can there be anything more dictatorial than the power of a single individual to kill and make war at will? While American presidents thankfully do not have the power to unilaterally impose taxes, pass legislation, or incarcerate without charges inside U.S. borders, the illegitimate authority they do possess to carry out unrestrained violence across the world is unquestionably one feature of a dictator.
There has not been a single American president since World War II that has not exceeded his constitutional authority by committing crimes that would meet the standard by which officials were convicted and executed at the Nuremberg trials.
Roosevelt’s Executive Order 9066 to imprison Japanese Americans in concentration camps was a flagrant violation of the Fifth Amendment right not to be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.
MORE... Wayne Madsen: The CIA Has Always Served the Interests of Wall Street Trump Won, Now What? Will America Survive the Next 4 Years? Defeating White Liberalism in the Age of Trump Truman’s firebombing of Tokyo, nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and invasion of Korea violated provisions of multiple treaties that are considered the “supreme law of the land” per Article VI of the U.S. Constitution.
Eisenhower’s use of the CIA to overthrow democratically elected presidents in Iran and Guatemala, as well as the initiation of a terrorist campaign against Cuba, violated the UN Charter, another international treaty that the Constitution regards as the supreme law of the land.
Kennedy was guilty of approving the creation of a mercenary army to invade Cuba, as well as covert warfare in Vietnam. Johnson massively escalated U.S. military involvement in Vietnam with the introduction of ground troops, which he fraudulently justified to the public through misrepresentation of the Gulf of Tonkin incident.
Succeeding Johnson, Nixon waged a nearly genocidal air campaign against not only Vietnam but Cambodia and Laos, killing hundreds of thousands of people, destroying ecosystems across Indochina, and leaving an unfathomable amount of unexploded ordnance , which continues to kill and maim hundreds of people each year.
Ford covertly supported the South African invasion of Angola and overtly supported the Indonesian invasion of East Timor. Carter continued support of the Indonesian occupation of East Timor, as well as providing military support to military dictatorships in Guatemala and El Salvador. Reagan oversaw the creation and operation of a terrorist army in Nicaragua, sponsored military dictatorships throughout Central America, and directly invaded Grenada.
Bush the Elder invaded Panama and Iraq. Clinton oversaw sanctions in Iraq that killed as many as 1 million people, carried out an air war from 15,000 feet against Serbia, and bombed a pharmaceutical plant in Sudan that produced medications for half the country. Bush the Lesser invaded and occupied Afghanistan and Iraq. Obama continued both of those wars, as well as dramatically expanding the drone assassination program in as many as seven countries.
So I beg to differ with Blow and anyone else who claims the presidency deserves respect. Any institution or position that permits such illegal and immoral actions unchecked should be eradicated and replaced with some alternative that does not allow such concentration of power in the hands of a single person.
Liberal Clinton defender Matt Yglesias argues that from a historical perspective, Trump is uniquely dangerous. “(P)ast presidents,” Yglesias writes, “have simply been restrained by restraint . By a belief that there are certain things one simply cannot try or do.”
It is hard to take such vacuous proclamations with a straight face. As we have seen, every single American president since at least WWII has engaged in serious violations of international and domestic law to cause death, destruction and misery across the world, from murdering individuals without due process to unleashing two nuclear bombs on civilian populations in a defeated country that was seeking to surrender.
When Trump assumes the presidency, he will inherit a frightening surveillance/military/incarceration apparatus that includes a targeted killing program; a vast NSA domestic and international spying network; a death squad (the Joint Special Operations Command); and an extralegal system for indefinite kidnapping and imprisonment at Guantanamo Bay.
Partisans see a problem only when the presidency is in the “wrong” hands. If Obama is at the helm, liberals are fine with unconstitutional mass surveillance or killing an American citizen without charge or trial every now and then. Conservatives trusted Bush to warrantlessly surveill Americans, but were outraged at the Snowden revelations.
Principled opponents recognize that no one should be trusted with illegitimate authority. The hand-wringing and hyperventilation by liberals about the dangers of a Trump presidency ring hollow and hypocritical.
American presidents long ago became the equivalent of elected monarchs, beyond the democratic control of the those they purportedly serve. The occupant of the office is able to substitute his own judgments and whims for a universally applicable set of laws and limits on the exercise of power. It is what Dolores Vek describes as “actually existing fascism.” Both parties have contributed to it, the media has normalized it, and the public has accepted its creation and continued existence without rebelling against it. It’s time to stop treating the presidency itself with respect and start actively delegitimizing it.",0
5675,Internet Is On Fire With Speculation That Podesta Emails Contain Code for Child Sex,"We Are Change 
Emails revealed by Wikileaks from Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta’s account contained lots of strange emails about food, ties to human trafficker Laura Silsby, and a photo of Asian girls eating pizza — so naturally the internet has been set on fire with theories about secret codes and a child sex ring.
Is this Laura Ling in the Podesta Pizza email pic? Bill Clinton rescued? ID 8673 #HillaryIndictment #PrisonPizza pic.twitter.com/YuuKOpvywJ 
— Jupider Leigh (@jupiderleigh) November 4, 2016 

On Wednesday, a Reddit post titled “I believe I have connected a convicted child abductor who was caught stealing children in Haiti with the Clintons,” contained a list of email links regarding Laura Silsby, former director of The New Life Children’s Refuge.
BREAKING: Redditor may have connected a child abductor who was caught stealing children in Haiti with the Clintons. https://t.co/REW7RwPn4S 
— Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) November 3, 2016 

Silsby was found guilty in Haiti of child trafficking in 2010, after she attempted to cross the Haiti-Dominican Republic border with 33 Haitian children — all but one of the children had at least one living parent and were not orphans. Nine others who were arrested along with her were freed, thanks to the efforts of the Clintons .
“Along with the Haitian justice system, some observers excused the missionaries’ actions, even though they rose to the level of child trafficking. They did so essentially because we place such little value on the integrity of poor families; the idea that the missionaries were acting to ‘save’ these children justified the damage they would have caused to the children and their families,” Shani M. King wrote for the Harvard Human Rights Journal. “In this way, the Silsby case offers a window into international and domestic child placement schemes that disrupt poor families and disregard traditional forms of child placement.”
Jorge Puello Torres, Silsby’s legal adviser, was later arrested for running an international sex trafficking ring. Torres was accused of luring girls from the Caribbean and Central America into prostitution by offering to make them “models.”
In 2011, he was sentenced to three years and one month in federal prison for “alien smuggling.”
Were 33 children for Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein's ""use""? Forget corruption, these emails expose connections to child sex trafficking. https://t.co/9CvlndNTDs 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

“Hillary has a LONG history of interest in Ms. Silsby. Wikileak emails dating back till at least 2001 have been found in her archives discussing Laura’s NGO (EmailID 3776). Laura had claimed she planned to build an orphanage in the Dominican Republic, but authorities in the country said she never submitted an application for this purpose. They instead located to Haiti,” the Redditor wrote.
On Friday, Wikileaks released their 28th installment of the Podesta Files and the speculation online grew even stranger.
Search all Podesta emails for these keywords. We are uncovering a child sex ring. #PodestaEmails28 pic.twitter.com/h6N6O76sAw 
— Jared Wyand ?? (@JaredWyand) November 3, 2016 

Theories and screenshots began to swirl, claiming that bizarrely-worded emails about food were codes for child sex trafficking. It is important to note that this is originated on anonymous message boards, and the “keywords” were not listed in any of the emails.
Please read this Podesta email. Is this code for something SICK? #Trump #MAGA pic.twitter.com/3gRlCQVbJH 
— GuthDaddy (@mediumsexy) November 3, 2016 
Simple, either Podesta feeds everyone walnut sauce or he arranges orgies with Black boys
So many cryptic emails like this #PodestaEmails28 pic.twitter.com/JcEAnDcpZw 
— Jared Wyand ?? (@JaredWyand) November 3, 2016 

Lawyer and popular author/journalist Mike Cernovich was among those sharing and discussing the theories.
""I'm dreaming about your hotdog stand in Hawaii…""
This is code for something.
Sex trafficking? https://t.co/BNulNKBi4u pic.twitter.com/L3l5j40ahy 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

“As a lawyer who has handled many criminal cases, I have strong instincts for when ‘code’ is being used. Reading these emails gives me the sense that they are speaking code words, like criminals,” Cernovich told We Are Change. “However the reports I’ve seen online do not seem credible and I myself have not fully cracked the code.”
""I think it has a map that seems pizza-related.""
This is code. I know this from representing drug dealers. https://t.co/9mX3kivmPz pic.twitter.com/yk1vJIOlMd 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

Cernovich added that because of the facts that Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin’s husband is currently under investigation for sexting a minor, and Bill Clinton flew on convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s private jet (which is called “The Lolita Express”), the whole inner circle deserves scrutiny.
“Bill Clinton took six trips to Epstein’s island without Secret Service. Weiner was sexting 15 year old girls. Whole inner circle is suspect,” Cernovich said.
Whether this is a case of confirmation bias, or something more sinister — one thing is certain:
People really do not trust Hillary Clinton — to the point where thousands of people are actually having serious discussions about whether or not she is involved in a child sex ring. 
Perhaps the Democrats should consider bringing Bernie Sanders back now.
The post Internet Is On Fire With Speculation That Podesta Emails Contain Code for Child Sex appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
5676,Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Beating Death of Transgender Woman - The New York Times,"A Brooklyn man who beat a transgender woman to death after he had started flirting with her was sentenced to 12 years in prison on Tuesday, a penalty the victim’s family said was too light. The man, James Dixon, 25, pleaded guilty to manslaughter this month in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, admitting he attacked the woman, Islan Nettles, on a street in Harlem just after midnight on Aug. 17, 2013, knocking her to the pavement with a punch, then hitting her again as she lay on the sidewalk. Ms. Nettles, 21, an assistant at a fashion company, died five days later of head injuries, prompting vigils and protests by transgender people who said her death was emblematic of the violence they often face because of their sexual identity. While Ms. Nettles was still in a coma, Mr. Dixon turned himself in to the police. In written and videotaped statements, he told detectives that he had started flirting with Ms. Nettles, unaware she was transgender, after meeting her and her two friends on the street. He said he became enraged and attacked her when his friends began mocking him for trying to pick up a transgender woman. “I just didn’t want to be fooled,” he said in a videotaped statement. The victim’s mother, Delores Nettles, told the court she believed 12 years was too light a sentence, given the brutal beating her daughter took. “He can go home after those 12 years and see his family,” she said in tears. “It’s not fair. ” Turning to Mr. Dixon, she said: “How can you sleep at night? How can you rest? I can’t rest. ” Mr. Dixon showed no emotion. He declined to make a statement before Justice Daniel P. Conviser pronounced the sentence, which had been negotiated with the judge on the eve of the trial in return for a guilty plea. Prosecutors objected to the deal they had sought a sentence of at least 17 years.",0
5677,4 Easy Solutions For Lighting Your Indoor Plants,"  25, 2016 4 Easy Solutions For Lighting Your Indoor Plants 
Whether you’re trying to start your seeds so that you have healthy seedlings or young plants to set out when the weather warms or you’re growing all of your plants inside, lighting is an integral part of growing. 
Finding the best indoor lighting options for your plants can be a challenge, though. 
It would be ideal if you could place all of your plants by windows so that they can get their natural source of light: sunshine. However, that’s not always possible, especially if you’re growing a lot of plants and you want to keep them under the radar. 
There are plenty of great options and, thanks to technology, they won’t all cost a fortune. We’ll discuss that as we go. 
Choosing the Type of Light 
Before we start discussing bulbs, you need to understand a bit about growing plants and what type of light they need. Many newcomers to the scene think that, like owning a guinea pig or a snake, the light is used to keep the plant warm, but that’s not the case. 
Plants require light to grow and flower, but not all light is equal. For that matter, not all light is necessary and the types of light that plants need are actually dim to human eyes. 
The sun offers a full spectrum of light colors that range from blue to red. It’s actually those two colors that plants need the most. Blue light enables the plant to grow bushy and full. Red light causes the plant to produce a hormone that makes it flower. As you’ve probably already figured, you want both for your edibles. 
The colors in between, particularly green, are completely unnecessary; green light is purely for aesthetic purposes. It just makes your plants appear green and glossy because the plant reflects it back. That may be useful information if you want your plants to look pretty as they grow. 
Another factor that you need to consider is heat. Unless you’re growing your plants in a cold room, standard room temperatures are more than enough heat to grow most plants. You really don’t need heat from your bulbs. Too much heat will burn your plants and many high-heat bulbs burn out fairly quickly, too. 
You’ll see watts , which is how much energy the bulb produces, and you’ll also see Kelvins . Kelvins are the basic unit of color temperature that’s used to measure that whiteness of a bulb’s output. In other words, it’s the best description of the visual warmth or coolness of the bulb. 
The higher the degree of Kelvin, the bluer the light. The lower the Kelvin, the warmer, or redder, the light looks. Shoot for 4000-6000 Kelvin because that level of light borrows from all parts of the spectrum including the blues and reds that you need for growth and flowering. 
Some plants, such as peppers and lettuce, may not need as much red light because they don’t flower quite as much. 
Now that you understand the basics of what you need to make your plants grow, let’s talk about the different types of light and whether they’re best for your needs. 
1. Incandescent Lights 
These are the types of bulbs you probably already have in your fixtures. They’re pretty much standard bulbs. Incandescent bulbs put off a ton of heat and don’t really produce the type of light that your plants need to grow. 
Only about 10 percent of the energy that they produce goes toward light; the rest is heat. They’re OK for growing low-light plants such as vines, but they’re not much good for growing anything seriously. 
2. Fluorescent Lights 
These lights put off mostly blue light, which means that you’ll have bushy plants. These are OK for growing plants that you don’t need to flower such as lettuce or cabbage. They’re also good for starting your plants inside. Fluorescents come in different lengths and are shaped like tubes. 
One of the biggest downsides here is that you have to hang them is special ballasts. Regular fluorescents are great for at least starting your seeds, and they’re good for plants that don’t need so much of the red light such as herbs. 
If you opt to go with fluorescent lights, you should know that the narrower the bulb, the more efficient the light is. They also use 75 percent less energy than standard incandescent lights. 
Now there’s a new fluorescent system out called the T5 system. They put out double the amount of light per tube as regular fluorescent tubes and they’re full-spectrum. That means that instead of just having the blue light like regular fluorescent lights have. 
If you’re using a T5 system adjust the proximity of the light to the plant as it grows. Since the bulb isn’t insanely hot, you don’t have to worry about burning the plant. Video first seen on katie phibbs . 
3. High Intensity Discharge Solutions 
These are great options for growing your plants but they’re expensive. High-intensity discharge lights are extremely efficient and produce a lot of light. There are a couple of types that emit different spectrums of light. 
The Metal Halide, of MH, light emits the blue light that will encourage the leafiness, and the High Pressure Sodium, or HPS, lights produce the reds that you need to make it flower. 
You could use the MH light to get it started and full, then swap it out for the HPS to get it to flower, or you could use them in tandem. These bulbs are expensive but one 1000-watt lamp can produce the same amount of light as fifty 40-watt fluorescent bulbs. They come in different sizes. 
Just to give you an idea, one 400-watt bulb can produce enough light to cover a 15sf growing area, or a 4’x4’ garden. The 1000-watt bulb covers about a 7’x7’ area. Figure that each 25 watts covers 1 square foot of garden. 
4. LED Lights 
We’ve been using them for Christmas lights for years but LEDs are relatively new to the agriculture scene. They produce practically no heat and don’t use hardly any power, either. Remember how we discussed the Kelvin measurements? Well LEDs can be programmed to 5700K to mimic the light spectrum of the sun. 
Right now, LED grow lights are expensive but they’ll likely become cheaper as they develop the technology and the method becomes more popular. 
Figuring Costs 
Remember that you’re going to be in this for the long run. If you’re only growing a few plants, it’s probably fine to go with a cheaper bulb or system but if you’re going to grow a significant amount of plants and plan to do it for the foreseeable future, you’ll probably be better off to invest a bit of money in the beginning and let it pay off in the long run. 
To figure the cost of your system, add up the combined wattage of all of your lights and divide that by 1000. That will give you the kilowatts used. Multiply that by how much your power company charges you per kilowatt hour. Multiply that by the number of hours the lights will be on per month and you have your monthly energy cost that you can compare to the original cost of the system. 
If you’re fortunate enough to live completely off the grid and you are powering your house by solar or some other sustainable method, then you can go with the best system for your situation that’s within your price range. If you notice, though, the more expensive systems use relatively little energy. 
Every survival plan must have food at its core.   and discover how you can grow your own food with just 10 minutes a day! 
  10 total views, 10 views today",0
5678,Rosetta Mission Ends With Spacecraft’s Dive Into Comet - The New York Times,"Rosetta, the first spacecraft to orbit a comet, is dead, setting down in a final embrace with its companion of the past two years. Radio signals from Rosetta flatlined at 7:19 a. m. Eastern after it did a soft   onto Comet    at a speed of two miles per hour, slower than the average walk. For the last few minutes, people at the European Space Operations Center in Darmstadt, Germany, watched their computer screens mostly in silence, but with some nervous chatter. When the radio signals ceased, they applauded and hugged in a celebration that was part joyous, part somber. “This is it,” said Patrick Martin, the mission manager. “I can announce the full success of this historic descent of Rosetta toward 67P, and I declare the primary mission operations ended for Rosetta. ” Before Rosetta went silent, it collected and sent back one last batch of data and images, including some very   shots of the comet’s surface. The last photograph was taken at a height of 167 feet and was blurry because the camera was designed for viewing from a distance, not close up. The spacecraft’s   journey  —   it took a decade to get there  —   concluded with quite a few firsts, and quite a few fans. Comets are frozen remnants that hold secrets about the early solar system, and Rosetta was the first spacecraft to do more than just whiz by one. Scientists have learned a lot from Rosetta’s discoveries, adding pieces to the puzzle of how the planets came together and how life arrived on Earth. One of Rosetta’s key findings is that comets are probably not the source of Earth’s water. Comet 67P, which likely formed outside of Neptune, was one of the few with an orbit that could be matched by a spacecraft. It is only the second Kuiper belt object to be visited by a spacecraft  —   Pluto was the first, by NASA’s New Horizons mission last year. Two years of observation revealed a dormant comet coming to life as it neared the sun and heated up, shooting geysers of dust and gas off its surface. Scientists learned that its shape, resembling a rubber duck, most likely occurred when two comets bumped into each other at a low velocity and stuck together. The European Space Agency created a series of cartoon videos for children. For an older audience it commissioned a short film, “Ambition,” which starred actors from the HBO series “Game of Thrones. ” Aidan Gillen, who plays Petyr “Littlefinger” Baelish, and Aisling Franciosi, who plays Lyanna Stark, explained the mission’s grand goals with   storytelling: The film was released in October 2014, shortly before Rosetta dispatched a small lander, Philae, to the surface of Comet 67P. On Wednesday, the space agency released an epilogue: After making its closest approach to the sun in August 2015, Comet 67P is now on the outward leg of its orbit. As sunlight grew more faint, Rosetta was less able to generate power from its solar panels. Mission managers decided on a dive to collect one last batch of data:   observations of mysterious pits that appear similar to sinkholes on Earth. The camera was expected to make out features as a small as one inch wide. “It will be interesting to get to look into the interior of the pits,” Mohamed Ramy   a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Bern in Switzerland, and a member of the team working with Rosetta’s   camera, said during a news conference on Thursday. The instrument that collected and studied dust particles had already been turned off. During a series of presentations on Thursday, mission scientists described some of their findings, including a variety of “magical landscapes” along with an overall emptiness. They released audio of a “cosmic song,” created by the magnetic fields oscillating in the trail of particles flying off the comet. Valerie Ciarletti of the Université   who helped investigate the comet’s interior with radio waves, said the inside of Comet 67P is about as porous as fresh, powdery snow  —   70 percent of the volume is empty space. “It’s very fluffy material,” she said. Parts of the surface, like the rocky region where Rosetta’s lander Philae wound up, are more dense, with a porosity lower than 50 percent. “It could be something like sand,” Dr. Ciarletti said. The interior was also homogeneous. There were no big caves or large regions of compressed material. Thurid Mannel, a scientist at the University of Graz in Austria, described a menagerie of dust particles spanning a wide range of sizes and materials. Many were shattered by the impact with the device on Rosetta that collected dust particles ejected from the comet. “The dust is very, very fragile,” she said. The scientists learned much about the comet’s landscape. Dr.   described its surface as very dark  —   reflecting just 3 to 4 percent of the sunlight that hits it. The darkness comes from a dearth of ice at the surface and an abundance of organic molecules. Some areas are bare rock others are smooth terrains buried in dust. “You can think of something like a sea of sand being surrounded by cliffs,” Dr.   said. The rocks are cracked with fissures. “Anywhere we can see that surface and we have good enough resolution, we see fractures everywhere,” Dr.   said. Charlotte Goetz of the Technical University Braunschweig was among the scientists who studied the cloud of charged particles around the comet. When Rosetta first arrived, the interplay of particles from the comet with the solar wind produced oscillations in the magnetic fields that the scientists turned into sound, a “cosmic song. ” Closer in, as more material spewed off the comet, the tune changed. Dr. Goetz on Thursday presented a longer song. But then, as Rosetta and the comet moved away from the sun, the original song returned. At the end of Thursday’s presentations, Matt Taylor, the project scientist, thanked the other scientists who he said had “worked their guts out to get to where we are today. ” He said they had mixed feelings: sad about Rosetta’s demise, and eager to take a deeper look at the reams of data. “The operations end,” Dr. Taylor said, “but we still have all this science to do, so they’re still happy that we got to this stage. ”",0
5679,New Poll: Americans Feel Less Safe After 15 Years of War,"We were told that we had to attack Iraq because the Saddam Hussein government made us less safe. We were told we had to bomb and kill Gaddafi in Libya because his regime made us less safe. Ditto with the Taliban in Afghanistan and Assad in Syria. Now. 15 years after 9/11, Americans are seeing through the endless wars that have lasted through the Bush and Obama Administrations. Trillions spent, untold thousands killed, societies destroyed, people displaced. A new poll sponsored by the Center for the National Interest and the Charles Koch Institute has found that Americans feel less, not more safe after a decade and a half of war. We are reaching the critical mass where Americans begin to demand a change in our interventionist foreign policy. More on the encouraging poll in today’s Ron Paul Liberty Report:

Reprinted from The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . 
",0
5680,"For Women in Advertising, It’s Still a ‘Mad Men’ World - The New York Times","As a   bathroom break girl at the advertising agency BBDO in 1985, Susan Credle took over for receptionists when they left their desks. When she learned how to type quickly and accurately, she was promoted to secretary. In the decades since, she has become one of the most accomplished women in the industry, holding top executive positions at some of the most esteemed creative agencies. She has been behind numerous memorable campaigns, including the humanlike MM’s characters and Allstate’s Mayhem ads. But even today, there are male leaders in the industry who do not acknowledge her. At industry parties, people assume they should be talking to her husband, who is an architect. She tries not to show her emotions at work because when she does, she said, “I immediately am looked at as the crazy woman. ” “I still to this day, when I feel the blood boiling in me and I just want to let it all out, I cut it by 90 percent because I’m a woman,” she said. Women now make up almost 50 percent of those working in the advertising industry, including a relatively small number, like Ms. Credle, in top executive positions. Yet when a female employee of the J. Walter Thompson agency filed a lawsuit in March accusing the company’s chief executive of racist and sexist behavior, the accusations brought to the surface what women in the industry had talked about for years: that more than half a century after the “Mad Men” era, gender bias, while often unspoken or acknowledged, continues to affect how they are treated at work, whom they interact with and what positions they hold. Advertising is far from the only industry that has struggled with issues of sexist behavior and gender bias through the years. But in interviews with more than a dozen women, mostly executives, who work in advertising, many said they found it hard to believe how much their particular business still remained a white man’s world. Although some women said they had never personally experienced gender discrimination and referred to it as a thing of the past, many said they repeatedly felt ignored or dismissed by male colleagues and left out socially. They recalled times when they were the only woman in meetings with both   and clients. Some pointed to the ads themselves as examples of how the industry’s sexism manifested itself beyond office walls. “Yes, there is the rapey talk and the grabby hands, but it’s that subtle stuff that’s chronic and can be more damaging,” said Jean Batthany, the executive creative director at DDB Chicago. Nancy Hill, a longtime advertising executive who is now president and chief executive of the 4A’s, an industry trade group, said that men called her “young girl” all the time, though she has been working in the business for decades. “They don’t recognize that’s demeaning,” she said. Megan Pagliuca, the global chief executive of Omnicom’s Accuen agency, said sexism revealed itself in the prevalence of social events like golf outings and drinking events being used for business purposes, a sentiment echoed by several other women interviewed. Women, she said, feel pressure to learn to play golf or to generally act more like their male counterparts or risk missing out on establishing important relationships. “Do you try to conform and be like them rather than being yourself, or do you stay strong as who you are and know you are the best operator?” Ms. Pagliuca said. “A challenge for women is making that choice. ” Ms. Credle, who has been an executive at the agencies BBDO and Leo Burnett and is now the global chief creative officer for the agency FCB, said that the business meetings masquerading as social outings, like when male colleagues go out for steak dinners or watch a sports game together from a box suite, have at times made her feel like an outsider, even as she has become one of the industry’s most powerful creative executives. But even more damaging, Ms. Credle said, is when men ignore her. She recalled standing with two men while waiting to go onstage at an annual advertising conference in March when another man came off the stage. That man, who had just spoken about diversity in the industry, acknowledged the two men with her, but “didn’t bother to look at me,” she said. “I felt invisible. ” “There are times when I experienced things that I don’t think I would have experienced if I weren’t a woman,” she said. At the same time, however, she emphasized that many men in the industry had helped her succeed and that for her the bad experiences had been rare. Some women also said gender discrimination showed up when looking at the ads that agencies produce. Many ads portray stereotypical gender roles, they said, with mothers in the kitchen, for instance, and men driving cars. Several women noted that only 11 percent of creative directors are women, a statistic from the 3% Conference, which supports female creative leadership at agencies. “If all the advertising is being created through that dominant male lens and you look at what the result is, there’s a bias in that and there’s only one perspective,” Ms. Batthany of DDB said. There are also more blatant and aggressive expressions of sexism. Several women described frequent comments about their appearance.   percent of women in advertising said they had personally experienced gender discrimination, according to a survey by the 3% Conference.   percent said they had personally experienced or witnessed sexual harassment. In the lawsuit filed in March against Gustavo Martinez, the chief executive of J. Walter Thompson, the agency’s chief communications officer, Erin Johnson, accused him of subjecting employees “to an unending stream of racist and sexist comments as well as unwanted touching and other unlawful conduct. ” She also contended that Mr. Martinez, who has since resigned, made “numerous comments about rape” and, on multiple occasions, “grabbed Johnson by the throat and by the back of her neck. ” Mr. Martinez has denied the allegations against him. “There is a lot of sex and drugs and rock ’n’ roll in the business  —   there certainly was in those days,” said Rosemarie Ryan, a former   of J. Walter Thompson North America who now leads the agency Co:Collective, referring to her early career in the 1980s and 1990s. “I think there are still some remnants of that. ” For years, executives have talked about improving diversity and getting rid of gender bias in advertising, but many say progress has been too slow. “I think everybody thinks it’s everybody else’s problem,” said Bill Koenigsberg, founder and chief executive of Horizon Media. One reason, some executives said, is that there are currently other priorities in advertising, given the pressing challenges that stem from a broad shift in how people consume media. Others said women might be reluctant to call out sexist behavior. Several women said male executives became visibly uncomfortable and ended the conversation when the issue of gender and racial diversity was raised. At the annual advertising conference in March, Maurice Lévy chief executive of the ad giant Publicis said the accusations in the J. Walter Thompson lawsuit were “a   mistake” and not representative “of what is happening in our industry. ” The next day, however, Martin Sorrell, chief of WPP, which owns J. Walter Thompson, said “there is a problem” and “Maurice has a habit of ignoring the facts. ” Mr. Lévy tried to clarify his comments the following week in an internal memo, calling the allegations in the lawsuit “jaw dropping,” adding, “to such an extent that, in my opinion, they can only represent the unforgivable fault of one man, as opposed to an industrywide evil. ” Even some women acknowledged that it was difficult for them to address gender bias in the industry. Some of those interviewed declined to provide specifics about examples of gender bias they had seen or experienced because they wanted to protect relationships in the industry. Wendy Clark, the chief executive of DDB North America, said she had felt more subtle discrimination in her career, but acknowledged that, to rise through the ranks, she has blocked much of it out. “The truth is,” she said, “those of us who have made it through  —   you become impervious to it in some way. ”",0
5681,Joe Sobran’s ‘Hustler: the Clinton Legacy’,"By Rev. Peter M. J. Stravinskas, Ph.D., S.T.D. October 28, 2016 
Twice in six months I find myself reviewing works by my dear old friend Joe Sobran. This time around, the Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation has treated us to an anthology of Joe’s essays on Bill Clinton during his two terms in the White House. What strikes the reader immediately is the incisive analysis: Joe cuts to the chase; while being spot-on, he never descends into boorishness or uncivilized prose, which he would have deemed unworthy of a Christian gentleman. Now, of course, in our present culture of hypersensitivity, some might feel “threatened” by his honesty – but that just shows how far we have fallen in so short a time. The other point to keep in mind is that while many took exception to what Joe wrote about Bill (and Hillary) – or Billary since it was Bill himself who promised (or warned) us that we were getting two for the price of one – no one has ever been able to dispute the accuracy of the commentary. 
I am writing these reflections with a bit more than two weeks before what is arguably the most unpleasant presidential election in history. Sobran’s insights into the character (or lack thereof) of both Bill and Hillary are helpful as one tries to look into his crystal ball to determine what eight years of the former First Lady-turned-President might look like. We also can surmise what Joe would have thought of Donald Trump. 
In that light, we can read Sobran’s final paragraph introducing the first edition of this book in 2000: “Clinton has finally defined himself. By surviving the attempt to remove him from the office he has so filthily disgraced, he also defines our age. It says more about us than about him that he stands condoned.” Sobran grimly concluded a 1997 lecture thus: “I’m beginning to think democracy is the cruelest form of government, because it gives people exactly the kind of leaders they deserve. We finally have one who is so transparent that we can hardly complain we’ve been betrayed.” Or, as European friends of mine have been saying for months: “With over three hundred million people, are Trump and Clinton the best you could do?” 
Who could disagree with the assessment that “liberalism is at war with Christian culture”? Or what about “Republican stupidity” causing our political meltdown for years? 
As a lifelong educator, I perked up upon reading: “[This] used to be a country where high-school students learned Latin and Greek; today college students take ‘remedial English’ and can listen to Cliffs Notes on audiotape. And we’re told our best days lie ahead of us!” Indeed, having taught in a community college for the past couple of years and encountering for the first time the products of American “public education,” I can only wince at the thought of the majority of these students voting in any election. Indeed, in a political philosophy class, no one had ever heard of either Winston Churchill or the Magna Carta. Of course, Plato asserted that a republic could not survive without an educated populace – and thus republics tend to devolve into dictatorships – another theme underscored by Sobran. 
This gem tends to encapsulate the socio-political landscape perfectly: “It’s all summed up in the word ‘judgmental.’ This idiotic word says it all: the final censure of a relativist age. It’s wrong to say anything is wrong. You must be punished for advocating punishment.” Which reminded me of Pope Benedict XVI’s talk of the “dictatorship of relativism” and Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput’s recent appeal for more “judgmentalism”! 
Good Catholic that Joe was, his political positions don’t fit neatly into American partisan camps. While “conservative” on issues like abortion, traditional marriage and school choice, he recoiled from unrestrained American interventionism. Like St. John Paul II, he saw what U.S. involvement in the Middle East would bring and considered Bill Clinton’s eagerness for such to be a smokescreen to divert attention from his personal scandals. 
On Hillary’s “enabling” behavior in regard to Bill’s dalliances, Sobran is brutally frank: “Mrs. Clinton is playing a curious role. She is the senior wife in what amounts to a walk-in harem. As long as she retains her primacy, she appears not to be jealous of the other women.” Further: “Stalin, for some reason, reminds me of Hillary Clinton. The general view is that she is ‘standing by her man.’ My view is a little different. I think she supports her husband for the same unromantic reason Stalin made his alliance with Hitler.” 
Forgetfulness seems to be a Clinton family trait: “Tragically, our nation has now, for the second time in a few years, seen a president afflicted with Alzheimer’s. Bill Clinton’s fabled memory has broken down. During his August 17, 1998 grand jury testimony, it failed him dozens of times. It’s a shame, because he really needs his memory now. He’s been the victim of so many lying and designing women: Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, Linda Tripp, and Monica Lewinsky. He has disputed their accounts of his behavior with as much vigor as a memory-impaired person can, but it’s tough. On the other hand, one advantage of having Alzheimer’s is that you keep meeting new women.” At last count, amnesia struck Hillary 39 times during her FBI encounter. 
Returning to the state of our national soul, Sobran hits the nail on the head: “A lot of people support Clinton even though they don’t doubt that he committed sexual offenses (not all of them ‘consensual’), perjured himself, solicited perjury from others, lied to the public, and generally broke laws to cover up his offenses. Our traditional morality, public and private, has seriously eroded. The ‘idealism’ of the Sixties has rotted into the nihilism that was always latent in it.” As a priest, I was initially stunned by the willingness of people to overlook Clinton’s immorality until I realized that behind it all was the notion that “compared to him, I look pretty good.” 
And how can we neglect to mention abortion – the eighth sacrament for the Clintons (or perhaps their first and only sacrament)? Eighteen years ago and sounding eerily like Trump in Debate #3, Joe wrote: “Clinton and his ilk are willing to kill children on the very verge of birth, and the phrase ‘partial birth’ abortion concedes too much: it isn’t ‘abortion’ except in a ‘legally accurate’ sense. It’s murder of an infant. The technique of extracting the brains and crushing the skull was developed precisely to stay within the law as the U.S. Supreme Court has warped it.” 
With all the Clinton banter about women’s rights, Joe zeroes in on their ultimate inconsistency and hypocrisy when abortion and choice are linked to Communist China: “If ‘choice,’ rather than abortion as such, is the point, you’d think the Clintons and the feminists would be outraged by the Chinese policy of forcing women to have abortions after the first (or in some cases, the second) child. It’s hard to imagine a more barbarous tyranny. . . . In her syndicated column the week of the trip, Hillary (‘It takes a village’) Clinton wrote about the problems of Chinese women. She cited jobs, education, workplace discrimination – but not forced abortion. Apparently the government’s power to control women’s bodies with the most total and cruel rigor isn’t an important concern among them. Neither did feminists at home make any noise about forced abortion.” 
Since sex comes up so often when Bill is on the horizon, Sobran’s comments on that matter are worth pondering: “[Clinton] finds it easy to trash women when he is through with them because, to him, women are trash in the first place. His preference for oral sex, the leitmotiv of his scandals, says volumes about his regard for the opposite sex. So does his inability to remember Monica Lewinsky’s name after several sessions.” Since Joe was always an equal-opportunity commentator, he might be just as put off by Trump’s “locker-room” talk, even if the alleged actions didn’t follow on the words. Joe would probably also note that the entire Clinton legacy has promoted both dirty talk and immoral action. 
In a homily last Sunday, I shared with the congregation my personal voting record. To wit: I have always voted for the Republican candidate (because the alternatives were so morally bankrupt I could not countenance them); after Reagan II, I voted for the Republican “with a clothespin on my nose” and will be doing the same this time around. I suspect that if Joe were still among us, he might be looking for a clothespin, too. Tags:",0
5682,Cops Threaten To Arrest Students If They Don’t Stop Handing Out Constitutions,"By Matt Agorist Students at Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan got a hefty dose of the police state this week as they were... ",0
5683,"FLYNN: Kathy Griffin Hopefully Decapitates Partisan Comedy, a Joyless Oxymoron - Breitbart","Did you hear the one about   comics? [Kathy Griffin transformed from jokester to punchline this week by holding the image of the president’s severed head. Offending comes with the territory, but some comics mistake this as their raison d’etre. They miss that the essential aspect of comedy, even (especially?) in   times, remains to provoke laughter.  Griffin mistook shock for humor. Where but at the ISIS Improv does anyone laugh at the beheading of a president? Senator Al Franken canceled a joint appearance with Griffin over the controversy. “After hearing from many Minnesotans who were rightfully offended,” the Minnesota Democrat explained, “I’ve come to the conclusion that it would be best for her not to participate in the event we had previously scheduled. I understand why Minnesotans were upset by this, and I take that very seriously. ” The senator overruled Stuart Smalley. Politicians seek to control the message. Comedians prefer a more   freedom of speech. These two factions warred for Franken’s soul this week. In ditching Griffin, Franken in effect ditched his former Saturday Night Live self. Hopefully the senator can still look in the mirror and join Smalley in saying, “I’m good enough, I’m smart enough, and doggone it, people like me. ” Franken, like Griffin, holds decidedly    views. Franken, unlike Griffin, boasts a history of making people laugh. Do you recall even smiling at anything Kathy Griffin said or did? Audiences increasingly laugh out of ideological solidarity rather than the inherent funniness of anything said or done. Many famous comedians rank as unfunny comedians. Joy Behar, Janeane Garofalo, Trevor Noah, Dean Obeidallah, Griffin, and many other ideological bores got ahead by misunderstanding their profession’s charge to be hysterical. Roseanne Barr is really funny. George Carlin made people laugh hard. Sarah Silverman, at least on her Comedy Central program, was hysterical in the right way. So leftish views don’t rob one of humor. A   mindset does. A mission creep pervades everything. The same sportswriters who praised the   Colin Kaepernick bashed Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady. They play quarterback but strangely receive judgment on displaying a “Make America Great Again” hat in a locker in the case of the latter and in taking a knee on the national anthem in the case of the former. Brendan Eich suddenly becomes a horrible tech CEO because of the causes to which he donated and Florida elementary school teacher Veronica Fleming suddenly becomes an unfit teacher because she posted in support of President Trump on her Facebook page. The same mentality that bases rooting interests on how the quarterback votes dictates a response to a comedian on his or her partisan affiliation (Tina Fey,   haha Dennis Miller,   boo). It’s not exactly laughing on the cue of the grim man holding the machine gun off camera but this unhealthy tic comes from the same place. Politics, which fuels so much contemporary comedy, kills so much humor. In his 2010 book Humorists, Paul Johnson judged political correctness “fatal to humor if enforced and persisted in. For one vital element of humor is inequality, and striking visual, aural, and physical differences. Differences in sex, age, color, race, religion, physical ability, and strength lie at the source of probably the majority of jokes since the beginning of human  . And all jokes are liable to provoke discomfort if not positive misery among those laughed at. Hence any joke is liable to fall foul of hate laws. The future for humorists thus looks bleak, at the time I write this. ” True, but in appointing themselves cultural guardians comics make themselves authorities, a class of people unintentionally cracking us up as much as class, color, size, and other differences do. So, although PC enforcers limit what we can laugh at, the   ensure that we laugh at them. Think the   Joy Behar losing it on The View when Norm Macdonald persisted in saying that Bill Clinton murdered people despite repeated warnings not to say that or a   Amy Schumer bizarrely turning an episode of her Comedy Central show into an infomercial for gun control. They don’t get the joke. The punchlines rarely do.",0
5684,Katie Ledecky Smashes World Record in the 800-Meter Freestyle - The New York Times,"In 1968, a teenager in North Dakota watched transfixed as Debbie Meyer won the     and   freestyle races at the Mexico City Olympics. The next time the teenager, already a competitive swimmer, got in the pool, she cut through the water repeating to herself, “I am Debbie Meyer. ” That teenager would grow up to become the mother of Katie Ledecky, who on Friday night became the first Olympian since Meyer to complete the 200, 400 and 800 trifecta. Ledecky lowered her    world record in the 800 freestyle by two seconds with a time of 8 minutes 4. 79 seconds. Her 400 split of 4:01. 98 would have won the bronze in the 400 final last Sunday. She finished 11. 38 seconds ahead of the   Jazz Carlin of Britain, who clocked an 8:16. 17. That was   of a second better than the bronze medalist, Boglarka Kapas of Hungary. The slim margin separating second and third threw into sharp relief the dominance of Ledecky, who owns the 13 fastest performances in history. Four years ago, a    Ledecky won the 800 freestyle in 8:14. 63. She and Hungary’s Krisztina Egerszegi are the only swimmers to win gold medals in consecutive Olympics as teenagers. Ledecky started crying as she talked about completing this Olympics cycle by hitting all her goal times. “It’s the end of a   journey,” Ledecky said, adding, “It’s been so fun. ” Before the Games, Ledecky was asked if breaking the   barrier was within her reach. She said she did not believe so. “I don’t know if that’s achievable,” Ledecky said. And then, almost as an afterthought, she added, “I still say anything is possible. ” Before the 800, Ledecky did not have the best night’s sleep. She woke up on Friday with a sore throat that she kiddingly blamed on her roommate, Simone Manuel. After Manuel’s upset victory in the   freestyle on Thursday, Ledecky stayed awake to congratulate her. Manuel said she was shocked when she cracked open the bedroom door around 2 in the morning and was swallowed in an embrace by Ledecky. “She said I’m not going to sleep until I give you a hug,” Manuel said. “That really meant a lot to me. ” Ledecky, 19, typically expresses more excitement about other people’s success than about her own. After her teammate Leah Smith finished the 800 in 8:20. 95 for sixth, Ledecky   her way over to Smith’s lane and embraced her. “Normally I think a lot of people have to be superdominant, but Katie wants other U. S. girls to be up there on the podium with her,” Smith said. “She wants challenges. She’s always setting high goals for herself. I think it’s amazing you can want someone who’s racing you to go low. ” Ledecky’s coach, Bruce Gemmell, isn’t surprised. “Her biggest internal motivator is getting better, it’s raising the bar,” he said about Ledecky. “It’s not winning an Olympic medal, it isn’t setting a world record, it wasn’t becoming the best in the world. It’s about setting goals and going after them. ” Where does Ledecky go from here? To Stanford, to begin her freshman year, which she put off to train for the Meyer milestone. Her growing legion of admirers includes Kevin Durant, who asked to take a photograph with her after her 200 freestyle victory, and the Olympian with the most medals of all, Michael Phelps.",0
5686,Some Early Voters: Changing their Minds,"Some Early Voters: Changing their Minds November 02, 2016 sample ballot is seen in a photo illustration, as early voting for the 2016 general elections began in North Carolina, in Chapel... 
The FBI's move to reopen investigation into Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information has some early voters changing their minds. 
Americans’ interest in changing their “early votes” has increased in recent days. The spike can be traced back to the day FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency would be probing more emails related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified emails. 
Comey announced Friday that the FBI would be reopening its investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server. As reported by The Daily Caller, based on Google Trends data, that day and in the days following Google searches for “change early vote” have increased. The states that seem to show the increase in interest include Nevada, Louisiana, New Hampshire and Arkansas. 
Other variations on the search such as “changing early vote” and “change my early vote” yielded similar results. 
Original article by The Daily Caller / Analysis by TRUNEWS. 
- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
5687,Breaking: Hillary Got Politically Annihilated… WikiLeaks Just Released A List With ISIS Donors | EndingFed News Network,"According to Conservative Daily Post: Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS. We have proven that through emails and documents leaked from WikiLeaks, but liberal media outlets still refuse to cover it. After all, they are still more focused on what Trump said eleven years ago than what Hillary has actually done. Because of brave patriots like Julian Assange, we have been given more evidence that Hillary Clinton is more connected to ISIS than we originally believed. An email was leaked between Clinton and John Podesta indicating that: “Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region” to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of “providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Citing the need to “use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets,” said Hillary to Podesta while arguing the current developments in the Middle East were “important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country.” Odd that Clinton argues Saudi Arabia and Qatar are helping fund ISIS when Hillary’s largest donations come from those two countries. In another correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai, set up a meeting with Bill Clinton for five minutes in exchange for a $1,000,000 “birthday check.” The email adds that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would “welcome [the Clinton Foundation’s] suggestions for investments in Haiti — particularly on education and health.” Desai added that while Qatar had already “allocated most of their $20 million … [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest.” Bill Clinton gets $1M from Qatar for his birthday. FYI: It's legal and common practice in Qatar for husbands to beat and rape their wives. pic.twitter.com/oGM2Z9JrVl 
— Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) October 13, 2016 We now see two more examples of the Clinton’s acting corrupt and being intertwined with nations that fund ISIS. For those that do not see where the dots connect, let’s simplify how this all worked for Hillary. Hillary, as Secretary of State, would sell terrorist nations large weapons deals only after they gave her a very generous donation to her “foundation.” These weapons, provided by Hillary and her State Department, then filtered down from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Libya, and so on to create, supply, and bolster terrorist groups. That is exactly how ISIS was created. But instead of blowing them up with an air assault, Hillary and Obama decided to leave ISIS alone. Why? Because ISIS being in the Middle East allows the Obama/Clinton machine to make millions in personal profits from these nations in a repetitive cycle of selling weapons. They are choosing personal gain over eliminating a terrorist group. Let that sink in. Why else have they not arrested Hillary for all of these crimes? The FBI would arrest you in a heartbeat if you went to Facebook right now to praise Allah and ISIS. It also speaks volumes as to why they are trying so hard to silence Julian Assange. If Julian Assange is lying, why are they trying so hard to silence him? 
— Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) October 23, 2016 The media remains silent on all of this. This would be plastered all over the news for months if a President Trump was exposed for this. Ignorant politicians are not the problem. The problem is that ignorant people keep voting for them every election. This is the exact reason we desperately need change in this country, and it starts with Donald Trump. People like Julian Assange have given up their lives to expose corruption in government and allowing Hillary Clinton to win this election makes all of his sacrifices meaningless. He has offered us a chance to revolt against our tyrannical government. Chances likes this do not occur often, and if we do not seize the opportunity, we will suffer another four years of suppression from our corrupt leaders. Vote Trump, so that we can save America and he can pardon Julian Assange. Yes America, after all of this, how can you vote for Hillary or stay at home on election day?! How could you?! If you agree, please share and comment below. Join us on Facebook to Stop The Takeover. Click on the button to subscribe. ",0
5688,How Trump Used Alt-Right Pawns to Gain Power Before Disavowing,"Home | World | How Trump Used Alt-Right Pawns to Gain Power Before Disavowing How Trump Used Alt-Right Pawns to Gain Power Before Disavowing By Gregor Strasser 23/11/2016 11:47:59 
alt-right conference in Washington, D.C., where Trump’s victory was met with cheers and Nazi salutes 
WASHINGTON D.C. – USA – During Trump’s rise to power as the next president of the United States, he said what the fascist alt-right wanted to hear, then once in power, he disavowed them. 


Trump quite cleverly used the alt-right chump votes to gain power, but now that he is on the cusp of becoming president, Trump is dumping his voters for a more diplomatic stance in rhetoric. 
So, why did you do it? Quite simply, the alt-right, is a white supremacist fascist movement , and even though Trump may still hold fascistic viewpoints, his advisers have probably told him that he needs to tone down his nasty words a little. 
Chumps 
The alt-right vote was a surefire winner for Trump, purely because the followers would be guaranteed to vote for Trump, they are fanatical in their cause, and were fooled very easily into voting for Trump. 
As much as Trump courted the Ku Klux Klan, and other white supremacist Christian groups during his campaign he knew one thing that Hillary did not, and that is these are the silent ostracised groups within America who are guaranteed to vote for something other than an all inclusive democrat. 
There are many now within the alt-right fascist movement who feel angered about being used by Trump, but that’s chumps for you, Trump was the player business man who used these easily acquiesced pawns, then dumped the dumb suckers. 
Now that he got their vote, he is quietly disavowing them, and moving towards a more temperate pasture of vocal rhetoric. Share on :",0
5689,"Russia, India discuss FGFA advanced fighter, Su-30MKI upgrade","Russia, India discuss FGFA advanced fighter, Su-30MKI upgrade 27 October 2016 Sputnik The India-Russia intergovernmental commission on military and technical cooperation held a meeting in New Delhi. Facebook shoigu , fgfa , su-30mki 
Indian and Russian defence delegations discussed joint defence projects and defence issues of mutual interest, in particular, the Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) and the upgrade of the Sukhoi Su-30MKI fighter, the sources at the Indian Defence Ministry sources told Sputnik. On Wednesday, the India-Russia intergovernmental commission on military and technical cooperation held a meeting in New Delhi, bringing together the delegations headed by Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar. 
""We discussed… the FGFA project and [upgrade] of SU-30MKI which is presently India's priority,"" the sources said on Wednesday. 
The Russian-Indian FGFA has stealth capabilities and is based on the Russian T-50 prototype jet. The FGFA project came about following the signing of a Russian-Indian cooperation agreement on October 18, 2007. 
First published by Sputnik .",0
5690,Donald Trump Returns to Bashing ’Fake Media’,"President Donald Trump returned to his attacks on the biased media, after a weekend away from Washington D. C.[“The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election,” he wrote on Twitter. “Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!”  Last week, some in the media were surprised after Trump referred to them as “very honorable people” during an event at the White House. Trump appeared to be watching Fox and Friends on Monday morning, praising the show for some of their analysis. “’The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! ’” he wrote. “So true. ”",0
5691,Indonesia Earthquake Kills More Than 100 in Aceh Province - The New York Times,"JAKARTA, Indonesia  —   More than 100 people were killed early Wednesday and more were feared dead after a powerful earthquake struck the Indonesian island of Sumatra, with many of the victims crushed to death in their homes as they slept. The earthquake, which shook Sumatra’s northernmost province, Aceh, had a preliminary magnitude of 6. 5, according to the United States Geological Survey. The Indonesian Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency said that the temblor, which struck after 5 a. m. at a depth of about six miles, was centered in Pidie Jaya, a region on Aceh’s east coast, adjacent to the Strait of Malacca. In Pidie Jaya, men carried the body of a young earthquake victim. Connie Magdalena, a duty officer at the National Search and Rescue Agency’s headquarters in Jakarta, the capital, said on Thursday that at least 102 people had been killed. Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, a spokesman for the National Agency for Disaster Management, said earlier that more than 500 people had been injured, 125 of them seriously. “But we are still doing search and rescue operations,” Ms. Magdalena said. “The communications with our teams in the field remains very bad, but they are still searching. ” The rescue teams were scouring rubble across Pidie Jaya, about 70 miles southeast of the provincial capital, Banda Aceh, looking for survivors and victims. “Our rescue teams in the field are also evacuating the injured,” Ms. Magdalena said. Mr. Sutopo said that panicked residents in Pidie Jaya had run for their lives from homes and other buildings. At least five aftershocks were felt after the quake, he said. “Numerous homes and buildings collapsed, shop houses collapsed,” he said. Mr. Sutopo said that more than 160 homes and more than 100 buildings, including 14 mosques and a school, were damaged. Medical teams were transferring some survivors to the town of Sigli, the capital of the neighboring region of Pidie, because of overcrowding at hospitals in Pidie Jaya, The Jakarta Post reported. In Sigli, survivors were seen being treated at a hospital. Both Indonesian and international aid organizations were sending teams to Aceh to assist in the disaster. As rescue and relief operations continued, another earthquake, with a magnitude of 5, struck nearby late Wednesday. No injuries or damage were immediately reported. Aceh was devastated by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami that was caused by a giant earthquake off its western coast. The disaster killed 230, 000 in more than a dozen countries, 170, 000 of them in Aceh Province alone.",0
5692,"Jared Kushner, Cast as Potential Player on Israel, Is Little Known There - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   He is friends with the mayor and once tried to buy an Israeli insurance company. His parents’ names are emblazoned across a hospital campus, a tribute to generous donors. But to many Israelis and Palestinians, Jared Kushner is a mystery. Suddenly, Mr. Kushner, 35, the    of   Donald J. Trump and a business mogul in his own right, has emerged as a potentially important figure in the future of this troubled region. Mr. Trump said this week that Mr. Kushner could play a key, if undefined, role in efforts to bring peace to the Middle East. Few of the Israelis and Palestinians who have been immersed for years in the fitful and frustrating peace process, such as it is, could recall ever meeting Mr. Kushner, and many were hurrying to learn more. But then again, time spent at the peace table has not exactly yielded peace, and some of those who do know Mr. Kushner said his freshness and close ties to the incoming president could make him a valuable new player. Israeli officials, especially those close to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, were most optimistic, seeing Mr. Kushner as an ally. “There’s no question that he feels a strong commitment to Israel’s security and Israel’s future,” said Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the United States, who has forged a close relationship with Mr. Kushner. Palestinian leaders were more wary. “I don’t personally know Jared Kushner and have never met him, but welcome the idea of having him assist in breaking the deadlock in the negotiations of the conflict,” said Amin Maqboul, secretary general of the revolutionary council of Fatah, the party that controls the Palestinian Authority. The extent of Mr. Kushner’s relationship with Israel is unclear. He is not a frequent visitor in the corridors of Jerusalem’s fancy hotels or the trendy restaurants of Tel Aviv, nor has he established deep ties with Israel’s booming business sector. He has known Mr. Netanyahu casually since childhood through his father, Charles Kushner, a real estate tycoon who has been active in business and philanthropy in Israel. And he is friends with Nir Barkat, the mayor of Jerusalem. But they get together mainly in New York, not here. In an interview with The New York Times this week, Mr. Trump pointed to Mr. Kushner as an influential player in future Middle East peace efforts. “I mean, he knows it so well,” Mr. Trump said. “He knows the region, knows the people, knows the players. ” But that seems to be a bit of fatherly exaggeration. Certainly, Mr. Kushner knows the region and players better than Mr. Trump, who has little experience here. But phone calls and emails to dozens of politicians, diplomats and journalists in Israel and the Palestinian territories yielded few who had actually encountered him. “I’ve never met Jared Kushner,” said Dore Gold, a longtime adviser to Mr. Netanyahu who recently stepped down as director general of the Foreign Ministry. Neither had Sallai Meridor, a former ambassador to the United States Yaakov Amidror, a former national security adviser to Mr. Netanyahu or Avinoam   president of the Jewish People Policy Institute, a   group that researches   relations. Nor had the main opposition leaders Isaac Herzog and Yair Lapid. Still, Mr. Kushner has been Mr. Trump’s intermediary with a variety of important Israeli and Jewish American players, including Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Dermer and wealthy donors like Sheldon Adelson, the Nevada casino magnate. He brokered a meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu in September and sat in on it. “He follows the issue. He’s a strategic thinker,” said Martin Peretz, the former owner and editor in chief of The New Republic, who met Mr. Kushner at Harvard University and now splits his time between Israel and the United States. “Does he know enough? Does he know more than Aaron David Miller? Probably not. Does he know more than Dennis Ross? Probably not,” Mr. Peretz said, naming two longtime American negotiators. But “he certainly knows more about the area than Barack Obama, and more than John Kerry. ” The grandson of Holocaust survivors, Mr. Kushner was raised in an Orthodox Jewish household in New Jersey and graduated from a Jewish day school before attending Harvard. He observes the Sabbath, and his wife  —   Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka  —   converted to Judaism before their marriage. Mr. Trump’s transition team would not say how often Mr. Kushner visited Israel or whether he had any Palestinian connections. But an aide to the   emphasized that Mr. Kushner would be just one of many advisers on the Middle East. Mr. Kushner, who took over his family’s real estate empire in his 20s and bought The New York Observer, visited Israel in 2014 when he was trying to acquire a controlling stake in Phoenix Holdings, an insurer. He signed a nonbinding memorandum of understanding to buy 47 percent of the firm from the Delek Group, an Israeli conglomerate, for about $434 million. But the deal fell apart, partly because of regulatory requirements. Mr. Kushner was in Israel during the war with Gaza that summer, which seemed to unnerve his wife. “We have small children, and Ivanka didn’t like the idea of me being here,” he told the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth. “As an American who listens to the news every hour, and hearing about 90 missiles hitting Israel on a daily basis, she asked me, ‘What the hell are you doing? ’” Later that year, as the Phoenix deal was unraveling, his parents traveled to Jerusalem to dedicate a new 11.  campus for the Shaare Zedek Medical Center opposite Mount Herzl, named the Seryl and Charles Kushner Campus. The Kushners committed $20 million to the hospital and Seryl Kushner served on the national board of an American committee supporting Shaare Zedek. Charles Kushner has been a participant in the Faire Fund, an   real estate investment fund, for more than a decade. “The family has been involved very much in all sorts of activities with regard to Israel,” said Zalman Shoval, a former ambassador to the United States and one of the founders of the fund. His partner, Shlomo Grofman, a real estate developer and friend of the elder Mr. Kushner’s, said he had tried to involve Jared in Israel as well. “I brought Jared and Ivanka to Israel,” he said. “I invited them and they came. ” Now, it seems possible that Mr. Kushner will be a more regular visitor, gathering information and perhaps more for his   . To those who have talked with Mr. Trump, there is little doubt that Mr. Kushner is a powerful voice on issues involving Israel. Boaz Bismuth, the foreign editor for Israel Hayom, a newspaper owned by Mr. Adelson, recalled interviewing Mr. Trump in December. “The first thing he mentioned was Jared  —   he spoke of him as someone he counts on,” Mr. Bismuth said. “He told me then that Jared knows Israel, follows what’s going on here. ” Now, instead of just following it, Mr. Kushner may have a chance to lead.",0
5693,Supreme Court Hears Case on Fatal Border Shooting - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C. —  How a U. S. Border Patrol argent’s use of lethal force at the U.  border implicates constitutional rights and foreign affairs dominated arguments at the U. S. Supreme Court on Tuesday in Hernandez v. Mesa. The lawyer arguing that the agent should be held liable had a rough day in front of the justices. [Both sides agree that while standing on American soil at the border on June 7, 2010, Border Patrol Agent Jesus Mesa fatally shot Sergio Hernandez, a    Mexican national standing on the Mexican side. But then the factual accounts diverge.  According to Hernandez’s family, the teenager was playing with his friends near the border opposite El Paso, Texas, where the border runs through the middle of a concrete culvert. There is a fence on the U. S. side of the culvert. According to Mesa and the federal government, Mesa was detaining one of Hernandez’s companions on the U. S. side of the border, when Hernandez and the other teenagers started throwing rocks at Hernandez. Mesa claims that the rocks posed a danger to his safety. He repeatedly ordered then to stop and back away, but they persisted. Finally Mesa fired in what he claims is   fatally striking Hernandez. Hernandez’s family sued, and Mesa filed a motion to dismiss. Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, when considering a motion to dismiss, a federal court must consider the plaintiff’s allegations as true when deciding whether to throw out the lawsuit versus letting it continue. The parties later present evidence to prove their version of the facts if the lawsuit goes forward, but when deciding whether to end the case before it gets started, judges must consider only plaintiff’s version. The justices must decide three issues in this case. First, whether someone on foreign soil can raise a Fourth Amendment claim here, where the agent’s action of pulling the trigger took place on U. S. soil but the alleged constitutional injury occurred on Mexican soil when the bullet struck Hernandez. Second, whether Mesa is entitled to qualified immunity here when certain keys facts were unknowable at the time of the incident. And third, whether the family can sue Mesa personally under a contested Supreme Court precedent called Bivens, going after his personal assets such as his home and retirement. Chief Justice John Roberts led the tough questioning of Hernadez’s lawyer, who seemed out of his depth in the High Court. “It seems to me that the principles you’re arguing for can’t be narrowly confined,” said Roberts, expressing concern that the plaintiff’s argument could be used against the U. S. military acting overseas. “How do you analyze the case of a drone strike in Iraq where the plane is piloted from Nevada? Why wouldn’t the same analysis apply in that case?” Justice Stephen Breyer —  a   justice appointed by Bill Clinton —  agreed. “What words do we write so that this opinion doesn’t affect the drone strike? ,” he asked. Justice Samuel Alito likewise pressed the lawyer, peppering him with questions such as if Hernandez were 19 instead of 15, or armed but with his hands up instead of unarmed, or 200 yards inside Mexico instead of at the literal border, or if the U. S. officer stepped across the border into Mexico instead of being on U. S. soil, asking each time where the line would be drawn for this newfound constitutional claim. “You’ve indicated that there’s a problem all along the border,” added Justice Anthony Kennedy, expressing concern about whether the courts should be deciding these things. “Why doesn’t that counsel us that this is one of the most sensitive areas of foreign affairs where the political branches should discuss with Mexico what the solution ought to be?” The more liberal justices asked tough questions of all the lawyers and did not clearly indicate which way they would rule. The more conservative justices seemed to favor the federal government’s position. A decision is expected by late June. Hernandez v. Mesa is No.   on the Supreme Court docket. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
5694,Future and the Art of Flooding the Market - The New York Times,"Around this time last year, when Kanye West was griping about the Grammys, he took to Twitter and asked, incredulously, “Has anyone at the Grammys ever heard March Madness? ??” That would be one of several hits by Future, who in a spectacular run beginning in late 2014 and lasting through the end of 2015, released a cluster of outstanding mixtapes and albums that somehow landed out of the reach of mainstream awareness, even as they set the agenda, again and again, within  . That Future wouldn’t be lauded by the Grammys  —   the same thing happened this year, for what it’s worth  —   reflects his precarious relationship to the old   establishment (loosely welcome, but held at arm’s length) as well as the way the new   establishment has little need for the old rule makers, either within the genre or outside. Whether he’s accepted or not, Future persists. He’s perhaps the only rapper working who has successfully mimicked the samizdat, sub rosa feel of the mixtape era and parlayed it into a sustainable   career. He is both ubiquitous and obscure, a cipher who pops up in the most unexpected places. He is always on the horizon, and always in the shadows. Accordingly, he’s put out a pair of new albums in quick succession: “Future,” which was released two weeks ago and topped the Billboard album chart, and “Hndrxx,” which followed last week and is expected to topple its predecessor. (If that happens, he will become the first artist in Billboard history to pull off that feat.) This rainstorm of music is purposeful  —   as much as any aesthetic choice, excess is Future’s art. Most artists try their best to skip from peak to peak, knowing that the valleys in between can be deep and unforgiving. But Future’s consistency has tremendous value  —   he’s as much high plateau as peak, and better off for it. As has become clear over the past three years, Future is telling one long, wide, deep story, rather than dozens of discrete ones. His boasts are built with creatine, his voice soaked in acid. He’s a cryptic storyteller, in so much as his stories have beginnings, middles or ends. Typically, he strings together a few fragments with wild impact, covering the same thin topical range. A good example is the intro of “Hallucinating”: “I seduce you with this Aston Martin I bought   you done did more drugs than me? You must be hallucinating. ” He’s not preoccupied with crafting songs  —   though when he relaxes, he makes some of the most thrilling ones. Rather, he is submerged in a lifestyle, and his lyrics are quick, impressionistic smears. Taken in sum, his music verges on ambient, a   sound without edges or direction. In this way, Future is surprisingly   to the album format  —   he’s best consumed in wide gulps. Others use albums to shape coherent narratives for Future, they’re meant as floods. Total absorption is the thing. Most striking is how “Future” and “Hndrxx” tell two different stories while feeling like part of the same formless narrative. “Future” is closer to his earlier work, with barked brags (the excellent “Super Trapper”) and ruminative   that veers toward the psychedelic (“I don’t ever walk on   float off Earth, always float off Earth”). Antagonism is here, too: There’s a song called “POA,” as in power of attorney, as in what kind of life must you be living that legal terminology is so close to the fore of your creativity? The final two songs on “Future”  —   “When I Was Broke” and “Feds Did a Sweep”  —   strike a tone of deep melancholy that’s picked up on “Hndrxx” and used as a foundation. “Hndrxx” is almost wholly devoted to affairs of the heart  —   how his is fragile, and how he treats others’ carelessly. Several songs are strikingly personal, seemingly inspired by his publicly troubled relationship with the RB singer Ciara, with whom he has a son. “I told you from the start you was gonna turn on me,” he sings at the beginning of “Turn on Me,” then castigates himself for the relationship’s mistakes and its fallout: On both albums, the reference points are the same  —   glistening, wet diamonds Range Rovers purchased with pocket money women from all parts of the globe getting celebrated and mistreated, often in the same breath. Because these albums are best taken in their totality, it doesn’t quite matter if there are duds sprinkled throughout, and of course there are. Instead, it’s more revealing to focus on the technical rules Future revises, or ignores: He long ago melted the line between singing and rapping, but sometimes, he changes the rhyming syllable   as if he’s forgotten, or doesn’t care he raps in abstracted fragments and yet manages to sing a heartfelt duet with Rihanna (“Selfish”). The ocean is far more important than any one wave. On both albums, the rapping is more literal and direct than it has been in recent years  —   the enunciation is stronger (and therefore less intriguing) and often he’s emphasizing the final syllable in each line as a way of planting a flag. That directness hasn’t always been central to his work, but it’s reflective of the slightly more exalted position he holds in pop right now, a level of success where he’s guesting on Ariana Grande and Maroon 5 songs (which come as slightly less of a shock than when he teamed up with the early adopter Miley Cyrus a few years ago). One of the upsides of releasing so much music is that it’s easier to hide an occasional bizarre misstep. But even if Future continues to flirt with pop attention, it’s unlikely to be his dominant narrative. He’s more a state of mind than a set of songs. “Future” and “Hndrxx,” though very good, aren’t his best work, but they’re part of a story that’s still unfolding. Whether anyone’s listening or not, the Future story has no end.",0
5695,BOMBSHELL: Crooked Hillary Sent Classified Info To Chelsea Under Fake Name ‘Diane Reynolds’,"  BOMBSHELL: Crooked Hillary Sent Classified Info To Chelsea Under Fake Name ‘Diane Reynolds’ But perhaps the most significant part of the email is that Clinton forwarded classified information to her daughter, who is and was a private citizen with no government role and no apparent security clearances. It is unclear when or why Clinton deleted the email.   Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted a 2009 email in which she forwarded classified information to her daughter, Chelsea. 
EDITOR’S NOTE: The State Department today released recovered emails from Crooked Hillary’s illegal private email server, and guess what? It contained classified and confidential information. Who did she send it to? She sent it to her daughter, who was no clearance or authorization of any kind to view or receive such communications. Now do you see why Crooked Hillary deleted those 33,000 emails so no one could see them (she thought)? And oh, by the way, Chelsea used the fake name of Diane Reynolds to receive the illegally -sent emails. Think they knew they were breaking the law? Yep. 
The email was released on Friday by the State Department. It is one of thousands of emails recovered by the FBI from Clinton’s private email server. 
The Dec. 20, 2009 email chain , entitled “Update,” started with a message from Michael Froman, who served as a deputy assistant to President Obama and deputy national security adviser for international economic affairs. 
The email, which is redacted because it contains information classified as “Confidential,” was sent to Jake Sullivan, Clinton’s foreign policy adviser at the State Department, and several Obama aides. Sullivan sent it to Hillary Clinton who then forwarded it to Chelsea, who emailed under the pseudonym “Diane Reynolds.” 
All of the text in the body portion of the classified emails is redacted because it contains foreign government information. 
The State Department labeled the email a “near duplicate,” indicating that it was mostly similar to other emails that the agency has released from the trove of emails that Clinton turned over in Dec. 2014. Clinton did not delete other responses she made to others on the email thread. 
“Wow — you can’t make this up — sorry to have missed all of that! Let me know if you learn anything else,” she wrote to Sullivan. The State Department released that portion of the email conversation in February. CHELSEA CLINTON USED THE PSEUDONYM OF ‘DIANE REYNOLDS’ TO RECEIVE ILLEGAL EMAILS 
But perhaps the most significant part of the email is that Clinton forwarded classified information to her daughter, who is and was a private citizen with no government role and no apparent security clearances. 
It is unclear when or why Clinton deleted the email. She gave the State Department around 30,000 emails she claimed were related to her State Department work. She deleted a similar number claiming they were personal and dealt with yoga routines, food recipes and Chelsea’s wedding. 
FBI director James Comey said in July that investigators recovered several thousand work-related emails from Clinton’s server. The batch of emails released Friday are from that recovered trove. source 
 ",0
5696,"Hillary Clinton’s 15,000 New Emails to Get Timetable for Release - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The dispute over Hillary Clinton’s email practices now threatens to shadow her for the rest of the presidential campaign after the disclosure on Monday that the F. B. I. collected nearly 15, 000 new emails in its investigation of her and a federal judge’s order that the State Department accelerate the documents’ release. As a result, thousands of emails that Mrs. Clinton did not voluntarily turn over to the State Department last year could be released just weeks before the election in November. The order, by Judge James E. Boasberg of Federal District Court, came the same day a conservative watchdog group separately released hundreds of emails from one of Mrs. Clinton’s closest aides, Huma Abedin, which put a new focus on the sometimes awkward ties between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department. The F. B. I. discovered the roughly 14, 900 emails by scouring Mrs. Clinton’s server and the computer archives of government officials with whom she corresponded. In late July, it turned them over to the State Department, which now must set a timetable for their release, according to Judge Boasberg’s order. While the emails were not in the original trove of 55, 000 pages that Mrs. Clinton’s lawyers handed to the State Department last year, the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, said in July that he did not believe they had been “intentionally deleted. ” Still, he characterized Mrs. Clinton’s handling of classified information during her years at the State Department as “extremely careless. ” Under the likely timetable, the soonest the new emails would be released is October. The State Department released the original emails in monthly installments over nearly a year, through February, though it missed several   deadlines as its staff and other agencies scrutinized the documents for classified information. Despite Mr. Comey’s conclusion that Mrs. Clinton mishandled classified information, he said last month that the F. B. I. would not recommend criminal charges against her, which finally seemed to ease the threat that her handling of emails has posed to her presidential campaign. But the prospect of further disclosures from Mrs. Clinton’s emails suggests that the issue will not be put to rest so easily. “Hillary Clinton seems incapable of telling the truth,” the chairman of the Republican National Committee, Reince Priebus, said in a statement. “The process for reviewing these emails needs to be expedited, public disclosure should begin before early voting starts, and the emails in question should be released in full before Election Day. ” The Clinton campaign said Mrs. Clinton had turned over all the   emails she had in her possession in 2014 to the State Department. “We are not sure what additional materials the Justice Department may have located,” said the campaign’s spokesman, Brian Fallon. “But if the State Department determines any of them to be   then obviously we support those documents being released publicly as well. ” A State Department spokesman, Mark C. Toner, said it would have to review the documents to determine which were personal or   and whether any duplicated emails had already been released in response to lawsuits brought by the conservative watchdog group, Judicial Watch, under the Freedom of Information Act. The group said that the 725 pages of documents it released Monday demonstrated efforts by the Clinton family foundation to leverage its influence with Mrs. Clinton. The emails, drawn from Ms. Abedin, included an appeal by Douglas Band, a Clinton Foundation executive, for Mrs. Clinton to meet with Bahrain’s crown prince, whose family had contributed millions of dollars to the foundation. “Good friend of ours,” Mr. Band wrote. Ms. Abedin, after expressing Mrs. Clinton’s reluctance to schedule a meeting “until she knows how she will feel,” then wrote back to Mr. Band to offer the crown prince an appointment the next morning. She encouraged Mr. Band to let the prince know, “if you see him,” though she said the State Department had also contacted him through official channels. But Ms. Abedin expressed qualms when Mr. Band appealed to her to help arrange an interview in the British Embassy to get a visa for a member of the Wolverhampton Football Club, who had a criminal charge against him. Mr. Band was helping Casey Wasserman, a sports marketing executive who had donated money to the Clinton Foundation. Mr. Wasserman is a   of a   Mrs. Clinton will attend this week in Beverly Hills, Calif. “I get this now, makes me nervous to get involved but I’ll ask,” Ms. Abedin wrote. “Then don’t,” Mr. Band replied. Judicial Watch’s president, Tom Fitton, said the emails included 20 exchanges with Mrs. Clinton herself that were not among those her lawyers turned over to the State Department. The emails, he said, showed how Ms. Abedin served as a conduit between the department and the Clinton Foundation, citing the exchange over the crown prince’s meeting. “It is hard to tell where the State Department ended and where the Clinton Foundation began,” he said. “They were working hand in glove. ” Under the process set by Judge Boasberg on Monday, the State Department will review the new emails and documents and present the court with a schedule for releasing them. Mr. Fitton said that process could begin in October, or could be delayed as the department reviews which are personal and which are  . “The question is how many of those are truly personal,” he said. Separately, a prominent House Republican pressed the F. B. I. on Monday to explain why it had redacted emails and summaries of its interview with Mrs. Clinton, which it turned over to Congress last week. Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said in an interview that nearly half the material was redacted, including “a lot of redactions for things that aren’t warranted. ” He also said there were inconsistencies in the two copies of the documents that the F. B. I. submitted to Congress. In a letter to Mr. Comey on Monday, Mr. Chaffetz demanded that the F. B. I. explain its legal basis for the redactions and why the two copies were inconsistent. He said the F. B. I. should submit an unclassified version of its report, which presumably could be made public.",0
5697,Trumped!,"Finally, the political revolt we’ve all been waiting for, David Stockman tells Lew Rockwell. October 28, 2016",0
5698,WWN Guide To Preventing World War III,"0 Add Comment 
IT HAS come to our attention that there is quite a lot of tension building up between the world superpowers with many reputable news publications like the Daily Mail, Irish Mirror and the World Weekly News hinting at a third instalment of the planet’s World War series. In lieu of this fact, we have carefully compiled a handy guide for world leaders to follow in a bid to prevent such a sequel: 
First thing a world superpower should do if they want to avoid such a mess, is spend half the country’s entire annual revenue on ‘military stuff’. After all, you can’t prevent a world war unless you have your cards in the game, right? Sure, there maybe millions of people starving in your country, rising racial tensions you need to address, and health care that needs supporting, but none of that makes any sense if you don’t spend that 600 billion dollars on war preventing things, like nuclear warheads and helmets. 
To end any possible conflict, every good leader knows that strategically placing missile bases on the perimeter of your rival nation is the first step to peace. Run drill after drill along their border to show them that you too are also willing to solve this crisis in a reasonable and mature manner. This is key to abating any World War. NOTE: Best done in a former country owned by your rival. 
As a spokesperson of a large country full of millions of people, communication between your nation and the other is key. Daily news publications should by now be your best bet as you try and reason with the other side. Let thousands of sensible journalists do the negotiating for you with a series of well written and researched articles outlining why it is that war is a terrible idea. Put your absolute trust in their foresight and ability to word certain scenarios correctly. Never question the editors of such publications as they know better than you, and most of all, never ever hold a journalist responsible for the pieces they write. These people are your greatest ally when preventing war. Just leave them to it. 
If things get really heated, send a flotilla of naval vessels past your oppositions coastline. They’ll get your sense of humour and will love you more for it. Invade one of the old countries you used to own. Show them that you think just like them. Fly some bombers into their airspace. After all, aren’t we all the same at the end of the day? 
The final and most important thing in preventing a war is to showcase your military muscle on a proxy nation that has nothing to do with anything you, or your rival nation is doing. Use the moment to show them, and the entire world, the sophisticated products of your military spend. Try and entice your foe into doing the same. Call it: a practice run, dick measuring contest, fighting ISIS, whatever the fuck you like. Just make sure to stack up those innocent dead and mutilated bodies like they did in the good old days of WW I & WWII, and blame it on the other side. That should stop this whole bloody mess.",0
5699,Illegal Immigrant Family Shocked at Immigration Laws Being Enforced,"The family of an illegal immigrant arrested during a recent roundup of criminal aliens seems shocked that immigration laws are being enforced. [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers arrested Miguel Angel Torres, an illegal immigrant living in Austin, Texas, for the past fourteen years, during the recent Operation Cross Check roundup of criminal aliens. It appears immigration officers arrested Torres while they were looking for his    a previously deported illegal alien, the Texas Tribune reported.  “[My husband] is a person who’s never done anything wrong and who complies with the law,” Irma Perez, the wife of the illegal immigrant, told the Texas news outlet. “We don’t know why they detained him. He was driving his own car, not my brother’s. He has nothing to do with my brother. ” Texas law does not allow a person who does not have legal status in the U. S. to obtain a driver license or legally operate a motor vehicle. Perez, who admitted she is also an illegal immigrant, said her husband drove to their daughter’s school to deliver a Valentine’s Day box of chocolates. Agents who stopped Torres asked if he was Jose Manuel Perez, his wife’s brother. It appears officers checked his identity and learned he was in the country illegally and placed him in custody. Operation Cross Check is a law enforcement action planned to round up criminal aliens and process them for removal proceedings. While the operation targets criminals, gang members, and others who violate immigration laws, ICE officials acknowledged that   could be caught up in the net. “During targeted enforcement operations ICE officers frequently encounter additional suspects who may be in the United States in violation of federal immigration laws,” ICE officials said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “Those persons will be evaluated on a case by case basis and, when appropriated, arrested by ICE. ” In this case, it appears the ICE officers were searching for Perez’ brother, Jose Manuel Perez, an illegal alien she admitted had been previously deported. She did not say why he had been deported, or how many times he faced deportation. When ICE officers stopped Torres, they asked if he was Perez. Irma Perez said she believe the officers had followed Torres from their home to the school. She believed they might be staking out her home because she had provided her address to law enforcement officials when she paid off her brother’s traffic fines. Perez’ immigration lawyer Mark Kinzler told the Texas Tribune reporter, “They were looking, apparently, for someone else, and he wasn’t that person, but then they took him anyway. ” He seemed to expect that immigration officers would just ignore the law when they found out Torres was illegally present in the U. S. “Even though ICE’s PR campaign is that they’re picking up criminals and picking up people with prior deports, and I’m sure some of them are, it already seems like a lot of them are not those people,” Kinzler continued. “People who work every day and try to take care of their families are getting swept up. ” The targeted immigration enforcement operation picked up 51 foreign nationals in the Austin area during the   action, Breitbart Texas reported. At least 23 of those arrested had criminal convictions. Those included a Mexican national previously deported following a conviction for aggravated assault a Salvadoran national who pleaded guilty to sexual assault of a child and another Mexican national convicted of domestic violence as a repeat offender, information obtained by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials revealed. In addition to criminal aliens, the officers were also targeting those with pending   removal status and those who had been previously deported, like Perez, and known to be back in the country. Breitbart Texas Managing Director and    Brandon Darby contributed to this article. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
5700,"As Migrants Face Abuse, Fear That ‘Brexit’ Has Given License to Xenophobia - The New York Times","LONDON  —   In Birmingham, protesters held a banner outside a mosque that said “rapefugees not welcome. ”   graffiti was scrawled on the front of a Polish community center in London.   protesters in Newcastle displayed banners saying, “Stop immigration, begin repatriation. ” Less than a week after a referendum on British membership in the European Union, which galvanized fears about untrammeled immigration into the country, human rights advocates and leading politicians expressed alarm that the vote had given license to xenophobia, unleashing hatred among an economic underclass. Although the police in at least two major cities said they had not recorded an increase in hate crimes after the vote, there were concerns that   sentiment was now rippling through British society and infecting daily life. During the referendum, the “Leave” campaign effectively stoked fears of an immigrant influx to garner support, and the baiting of refugees was further fanned by concerns about terrorism, the influential euroskeptic tabloid press and by the   which attributed Britain’s economic problems to immigration. They also conflated legal immigrants to Britain from Europe with refugees from Syria, Iraq and elsewhere, portraying them as storming the country’s shores and threatening the country’s economy and security. The free movement of workers across the bloc is a cornerstone of membership in the European Union, and proponents of a British exit, or “Brexit,” argued forcefully that a vote to leave would help the country regain control of its borders. One poster, released by the   U. K. Independence Party, showed a huge line of migrants snaking into the distance. It was accompanied by two words: “Breaking Point. ” So strident was its message that some members of the Leave campaign condemned it. Although Britain has traditionally marginalized any party to the right of the Conservative Party, UKIP won 13 percent of the vote in 2015 general elections, and its railing against immigrants was seen as a decisive factor in the referendum. For some, the racist taunts of the past few days recalled a time when jackbooted members of the   National Front taunted immigrants on the streets of Britain in the 1980s, during the painful deindustrialization of the Thatcher era.  David Olusoga, a   historian, broadcaster and filmmaker, said on Monday that seeing National Front protesters on Saturday in his hometown, Newcastle, with a banner saying, “Stop immigration, begin repatriation” had sent chills down his spine. It brought back bad memories of the 1980s, he said, when he and his family were hounded out of their home by members of the   group and sought police protection. “The normally primordial murmur from the racist swamp has now been released, and people feel empowered to say things they wouldn’t have said before last week,” he said. “I have never heard so many people tell me to go back to Africa as I have heard in the past few days. ” Others took to Twitter to convey their shock. Jamie Pohotsky, a screenwriter from Boston, wrote on Twitter: “Table next to me says to Polish waitress ‘How come you’re so cheerful? You’re going home.’ Him and the missus started laughing. Disgusting. ” Politicians across the political spectrum  —   including Prime Minister David Cameron Boris Johnson, the former London mayor and   Leave campaigner and his successor, Sadiq Khan  —   spoke out against intolerance on Monday. “Let’s remember these people have come here and made a wonderful contribution to our country,” Mr. Cameron told Parliament. “And we will not stand for hate crime or these kinds of attacks. ” Suresh Grover, director of the Monitoring Group, a human rights group that monitors racist violence and is an advocate for victims, said he feared Britain was entering a new era of intolerance. “During the campaign there was a deliberate tactic by the Leave camp to create alarm among elements of the population who have suffered from austerity, and this alarmism is now spilling over,” he said. “The far right can only do well in periods of crisis, and the Brexit vote created a new and dangerous chapter of British history. ” Mr. Grover, who immigrated to Britain from Kenya and founded the Monitoring Group in 1981 after he was attacked by skinheads in the 1970s, said his group had received 15 calls on its emergency line over the weekend from immigrants who said they had been attacked verbally. The Muslim Council of Britain said it had compiled a list of 100 reported hate crimes after the referendum result, including an attack on a teenage boy who was on his way to a mosque in East London on Sunday. Nevertheless, the West Midlands police, which are responsible for law enforcement in Birmingham, a multicultural city with a large Muslim population, said that reports of 10 hate crimes a day over the past three days were in line with the daily average over the past three months, and the police in London reported no unusual increase in reported hate crimes. Among those targeted in recent days were members of Britain’s large Polish community, which constitutes the largest number of   residents in Britain after Indians  —   790, 000 people, according to the latest data from the Office for National Statistics. “London is a melting pot and you don’t expect this kind of thing,” said Joanna Mludzinska, chairwoman of the Polish Social  Cultural Association in Hammersmith, west London, whose building was vandalized with graffiti at the weekend. She was, however, gratified by the response, after being inundated with flowers and messages of support. Scotland Yard is investigating the vandalism, but no arrests have been made. In Huntingdon, a town in Cambridgeshire, north of the capital, the police said they were investigating reports from members of the Polish community that offensive leaflets were left on cars near a school as well as on several properties. An    boy from Poland told the BBC he had seen a card saying Poles were “vermin” and should leave Britain. The Polish Embassy in London called on Polish nationals to report attacks to the police. “We are shocked and deeply concerned by the recent episodes of xenophobic abuse directed against members of the Polish community and other U. K. residents of migrant heritage,” it said in a statement. Rights groups said that the   backlash appeared to be at least partly fueled by a misconception that European Union citizens were required to leave the country after the vote. Mr. Cameron and Mr. Johnson both emphasized on Monday that “there will be no immediate changes in their circumstances. ” Sayeeda Warsi, a leading member of the House of Lords and a former chairwoman of the Conservative Party who switched to the “Remain” camp during the campaign, had accused leaders of the Leave campaign of peddling xenophobia and racism. She compiled a collage of Twitter messages to show her alarm. “This is not the   Britain we want to see,” she wrote.",0
5701,25 Creepy Encounters With Bizarre Creatures,"25 Creepy Encounters With Bizarre Creatures # www.paranormalelite.com 0 
This video takes a look at some of the creepiest bizarre creatures that have not only been encountered, but have also been documented on video. From legendary creatures such as Bigfoot to mythical sea creatures like mermaids, this video is an investigation into the most incredibly strange creatures ever spotted by humans. The debate whether these videos are real continues, however it is hard to deny their creepiness factor. Tags",0
5702,"As Darkness Falls, A Silver Lining","As Darkness Falls, A Silver Lining Short term pessimism – long term optimism Share This 
The future, in many respects, looks dark for opponents of interventionism and the National Security State. US troops are currently involved in civil wars and “policing” across a wide swath of the Middle East, Europe, and Eastasia. Our political class is firmly committed to a globalist ideology that disdains the very concept of national sovereignty, most especially our own. And what Dwight Eisenhower called the “ military-industrial-congressional complex ” is more firmly entrenched than ever, extracting billions from the “public” purse and filling their coffers at our expense. 
Furthermore, the presidential election is hardly encouraging. The prospect of Hillary Clinton in the White House must surely cause even the most optimistic among us to consider building one of those backyard bomb shelters so popular during the cold war era and stocking it with a couple of years supply of emergency rations. She has all but threatened to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia , intervene massively in Syria , and ratchet up NATO’s encirclement of the Russian bear. 
Yet these are all short-term concerns: in the long term, we anti-interventionists have every reason to be optimistic. 
To begin with, the American people are with us. Every poll shows that, while support for a strong defense is rising, the reluctance to engage in foreign wars is strong and getting stronger. The most recent measuring of anti-interventionist sentiment came out just as I started writing this column: a mere 25 percent want the US to expand the role of the US military overseas, reports the Financial Times . Fourteen percent say the fifteen years of constant warfare have made us more safe, 51 percent disagree. A majority says no to “safe zones” or any sort of intervention in Syria: and a whopping 80 percent say Congress must approve any military action abroad. 
Secondly, the victory of Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary has broken the iron grip of the neoconservatives on GOP foreign policy orthodoxy and given opposition to globalism new legitimacy in the pubic square. No matter what one may think of Trump as a candidate, and in spite of his many inconsistencies, one indisputable fact remains: the Republican party, which cheered as George W. Bush launched two wars and declared a multi-generational interventionist project, very shortly afterward nominated someone who not only opposed the Iraq war but said “They lied. There were no weapons of mass destruction and they knew there were none .” That, all by itself, represents a sea change. But it didn’t end there. 
Trump has questioned the utility of NATO, and even threatened to pull out if member states didn’t pay their fair share – a pronouncement that, just a short time ago, would have been inconceivable coming from any major part presidential nominee. He wondered aloud why we’re defending South Korea, Japan, and Saudi Arabia , all rich nations that are perfectly capable of defending themselves. And he provoked the undying ire of the War Party when he asked : “Wouldn’t it be nice if we could get along with Russia?” 
Underscoring that he understands the broader implications of these positions, Trump adopted a campaign theme that evokes the historical legacy of the anti-interventionist movement in this country: “America First.” This provoked paroxysms of hatred from the foreign policy mandarins in Washington, who loathe “isolationism” — and their squeals of outrage were music to my ears. 
Thirdly, the Trump campaign has generated the healthiest trend to be seen in this country in a long time: widespread skepticism, and even hatred, of the “mainstream” media. Trump has campaigned against the media almost more than he has against Hillary Clinton, making them a special target of his disdain. “See those people out there,” he says at his rallies, pointing to the media in attendance. “They’re the worst! They’re corrupt!” And as a chorus of jeers rises up from the crowd, we can count another victory for our side. 
For the very same media that served as a conduit for the war propaganda of the Bush administration is now going after Trump, hammer and tongs , in an unabashed campaign to deny him the presidency. The result is that nearly half the country is now not only skeptical of anything they hear coming from the media, they positively loathe them – and that, from our perspective, is a Good Thing. 
Remember, it was the American media that assured us Saddam Hussein was plotting to nuke Washington, D.C., and reported the Bush administration’s talking points as if they were fact. The same newspaper that put Judy Miller’s manufactured “revelations” about Iraq’s alleged nuclear program on the front page is now in the vanguard of the anti-Trump jihad. The Washington Post , which has editorially supported every single military intervention in the past 35 years, today reads like a publication of the Democratic National Committee. 
The revelation that the media, rather than being a watchdog of Power, is itself an integral part of the power structure, is one of the great contributions of the Trump campaign. In the past, journalists, hiding behind the pretense of “objectivity,” have effectively channeled the War Party’s propaganda, reporting it as fact: now that this pretense has been dropped, and their brazen partisanship has been exposed, much of their power to persuade has been lost. 
The media and the Establishment they serve are telling us that all this will go away after the election. Having already declared Mrs. Clinton the winner, they’re gloating that Trumpism – and the Trump Effect – is dead or dying. 
This is wishful thinking on their part. The reality is that there’s an undercurrent coursing through Flyover America that threatens the ideological and political hegemony of the War Party, and, indeed, poses a rising challenge to our arrogant and self-isolated political class. Trump has tapped into this, and he will not be the last to do so. The movement to put “America First,” to reject the blandishments of Empire and restore our Old Republic, far from being dead, is just being born. 
Yes, dark clouds are gathering on the horizon: but if you step back, the silver lining shines through. 
NOTES IN THE MARGIN 
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here . But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. 
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here . Read more by Justin Raimondo Assange’s Fate – October 18th, 2016 Trumped! – October 16th, 2016 Click here to hide comments Michael Gillespie 
If he loses the election by a significant margin, won’t many of the entirely legitimate issues and questions Trump has raised be submerged again by his defeat? And doesn’t the mere fact that it is Trump who has raised these issues and questions de-legitimize them in the eyes of those who (with the assistance of anti-Trump ads and Big Media reportage) can see only Trump’s character flaws? TonyDiGerolamo 
Was thinking the same thing. However, if the media so brazenly lies, why not the pollsters? Maybe Trump isn’t losing by much or not at all. Maybe the powers that be want it to look like Trump is losing so that stealing the election won’t be questioned. Eileen Kuch 
The truth is, Tony, this election’s already being rigged. Many voters in Texas alone who’ve voted early have complained about their votes being switched from Republican to Democrat. This vote switch has already proved Trump to be right about the election being rigged. The Donald already has a lawsuit in place, should he lose this election. This lawsuit contains a complaint that voters in GOP districts had been intimidated by violent groups such as Black Lives Matter (BLM) and Marxist activists and threatened with violence if they (the voters) voted for Trump. It is a felony to intimidate and threaten violence against voters in an election. Period. Those participating in this tactic must be immediately arrested and charged accordingly. 
“Many voters in Texas alone who’ve voted early have complained about their votes being switched from Republican to Democrat.” 
And yet, despite the ubiquity of smart phones, not a single one has shown it actually happening. Strider73 
Do you really think the people in charge of the machines would allow anyone to get out his/her phone and take such a photo or video? Nor would they allow someone else to do so on another voter’s behalf. Thane_Eichenauer 
Personally I believe the touch screen calibration explanation by and large. Half the reports I also attribute to user error. If you can’t use a touch screen you probably aren’t capable of capturing the error on a smart phone. Those people that are adept with computers, touch screens and smart phones won’t have the problem in the first place. I would think there would still be a captured report but Strider73 below does make a good point. wars r u.s. Thomas L. Knapp 
Interesting point. 
I think it’s worth comparing Trump to Ron Paul on that. Paul was right on foreign policy, right on trade, and at least not as egregiously wrong and anti-American as Trump on immigration. And while he did energize a movement, he pretty much got nowhere in the GOP presidential nomination race. 
Trump sometimes gets something right on foreign policy, usually five minutes or so before reversing himself. He doesn’t reverse himself on his egregiously wrong and anti-American positions on trade and immigration. 
So I guess the lesson is, if you want to be the Republican presidential nominee, be as wrong as it’s humanly possible to be on most issues all of the time, and on the rest of the issues some of the time. 
I’m guessing that the occasional sense he talks on foreign policy will be, as you put it, once again submerged if he loses the election. Skywalker 
Trump’s candidacy is more like Barry Goldwater’s than Ron Paul’s. Unlike Paul,Trump got the nomination and like Goldwater he redefined the parameters of national debate. Goldwater’s defeat emboldened conservatives to lose national elections on their principles for 16 years until Reagan was elected. Trump questioned some of the underpinnings of the Neocons. Unfortunately he was as pro-Zionist as any other candidate, including Clinton and as militaristic as the Neocons. Trump just saw the existential enemies of the US as ISIS and China, not Russia. Instead Trump wanted to push the allies and Russia to the front lines against ISIS and China with the US backing them up. But Trump’s enduring popularity and the independence of the Sanders supporters showed that the Neocons and the MSM are losing control of public opinion and the national discourse. All the polls show that Trump will do much better than Goldwater. So we may be closer to a real antiwar candidate than the MSM would like us to believe. Finally, it is too early to count Trump out. Florida, Ohio and North Carolina are still close and a timely WikiLeaks dump could still swing those states and the election. 
“Finally, it is too early to count Trump out. Florida, Ohio and North Carolina are still close and a timely WikiLeaks dump could still swing those states and the election.” 
Unless something changes, I still expect Trump to win. 
A lot of people are mistakenly looking at this as a national election. It isn’t. It’s 50 state elections (plus DC and the territories, although if I recall correctly the territories get no electoral votes and so don’t really matter except as preference polls). 
If Clinton wins California 55-45, she gets exactly the same number of electoral votes as if she wins it 70-30. If she loses Texas 51-49, she is no closer to its electoral votes than if she loses it 80-20. So when she gains in national polls, it’s important to realize that WHERE those gains are coming from matters. 
It’s also quite likely that many Trump voters aren’t admitting they are Trump voters, even on the phone to pollsters. There’s a stigma in some areas. 
I expect Trump to win any state that the polls have him within five points of carrying. And I expect him to win the election. disqus_eEbPU3IGDU 
My guess is Trump wins in a squeaker, but the Democrats steal the election and Hillary becomes president. Eileen Kuch 
I expect Trump to win in a near landslide. Well over 70% of eligible voters have already said they’d never vote for Hillary Clinton, and a good number are millennials who had supported Bernie Sanders during the primaries and who are now furious over Bernie’s betrayal of them at the end, but still blame Hillary. In these young people’s minds, Trump is the next best choice as POTUS. They know how corrupt the Hildabeast truly is, how desperate she is to gain the Oval Office – even by rigging the election in her favor. After all, she had done it to Bernie in the primaries. However, Trump has more determination at winning the Oval Office than had Bernie. He also had stronger opposition. richard vajs 
If Hillary does win (and we can count on Bill pulling every dirty trick out of his evil mind to ensure that), one thing that we can count on – 4 years of legislation to prevent any Populist like Bernie or Trump from ever getting another foothold on the Ladder of Power in this country. The elite don’t ever want to have to worry about the “little people” getting uppity again. Remember, This is Their Country. wars r u.s. comrade hermit 
Ron Paul, like him or loath him, was/is a legitimate pacifist. Trump is a knuckle-dragging malignant narcissist who would drone strike a fourth grade slumber party for prank phone-calling him. BIG f**king difference there. I don’t believe the good Doctor Paul has earned such a slur. His son maybe but leave the old man out of this one. Just sayin. supremeborg 
“Ron Paul, like him or loath him, was/is a legitimate pacifist” 
Just a slight correction to your terminology. Ron Paul is not, technically, a pacifist, in spite of the fact that he would have opposed every war the US has been in save the original war of Revolution. He upholds the legitimacy of violence used in self defense, at least some of the time, in some cases 
Your point is well taken, however, as he is the most consistent anti-interventionist to have served in Congress in my lifetime. 
There are different interpretations of pacifism. Many people, including myself, consider themselves to be pacifists but still defend the right to self defense. Joe Flack 
And Big Media has at least three years to work with. By the next presidential election cycle, Trump and his message will very likely be all but forgotten. John V. Walsh 
Good column. A correction. Justin writes, “The same newspaper that put Judy Miller’s manufactured “revelations” about Iraq’s alleged nuclear program on the front page is now in the vanguard of the anti-Trump jihad. It was not only Judith Miller that authored the article but she and co-author Michael R. Gordon who has remained the “Chief Military Correspondent” of the NYT. The despicable Miller took the hit when the lies of the article could no longer be denied but the despicable Gordon continued on. And the article was obviously a pile of assertions without evidence save for hearsay. That was obvious to me and I have not served as an editor since my high school newspaper. The editors who passed on that piece of shit should also be sent to some gulag, their existence there to be supervised by parents and children of Iraqis and Americans who lost their lives in the War on Iraq. Strider73 
The editors who passed on that piece of shit should also be sent to some gulag, . . . 
Nah, just hang them (or if one is more frugal, give them one bullet to the head each like the Chinese do) for crimes against humanity. Julius Streicher was executed at Nürnberg simply for publishing a virulently anti-Jewish tabloid ; under that standard they deserve the same. Mikhailovich 
By independent mass media they mean mass media independent from the state. This idea promoted by those few mass media corporations who own the mass media and together with other corporations they own the state. Very few people own almost everything. You can’t change situation by attacking the correspondents and editors, they are employed people. Here I shut up, one can’t touch the Sacred Golden Bull, the worshippers would be insulted. Joe Flack 
Somehow, in the US, ‘America First’ is interpreted as being a racist and misogynistic proclamation. richard vajs 
I can just see a smiling Bill Clinton leaning back and saying, “look, here is how we win this thing, Hil. – Divide and Conquer – millions of women are anxious to battle “abuse and prejudice against women and teach an abuser a lesson!”. Not very original, but effective- was effective in the “Change , you can believe in” ad campaign eight years ago. Four years from now, the same women will still have lousy or no jobs; money will still be being spent in the Mid East bombing Muslims for Israel; the Clintons and their friends will be building bigger mansions, and a new generation of Americans will be ready for another round of shearing. Luther Blissett 
I enjoy the optimism of this column but I’m witnessing the opposite – many worthy anti-globalist & anti-war ideas are being tarred and deeply poisoned by having such a truly unlikable and wildly unstable politician claim them as his own. Making the case against toppling Assad was easier before Trump started blabbering on about Assad & Putin ‘outsmarting’ America. 
Trump has tapped into real populist frustration, especially in the working class & the underemployed youth, but he is simply far too incoherent and repellent to do anything with it besides waste it on his own vanity. 
Right-wing hatred of the ‘liberal media’ has been at a scalding boil since the Vietnam war so I don’t think Trump should get any credit for that – but it would be nice that when the next big terrorist attack in the ‘homeland’ occurs if the Red States were skeptical because if Hillary is president the Blue States are going shove the American flag down everyone’s throat and floss them with it. 
Those so called “polls” are made in secret, right? Why would you trust that? bob balkas 
Compare “our political class committed to globalist ideology” with my: Our master class along with a sub-master class on the road to obtain the entire planet and permanent rule of the world master class of all subclasses or ‘lower-valued’ bipeds. 
Curioso is also the term, “we the anti-interventionists”. The term means that US intervenes when something goes wrong in other countries. But the naked facts say otherwise. US not only commits crimes against some nations, but before it does those crimes, it almost always first destabilizes them in too many ways to list them all. After all, many nations and people believe that CIA is the biggest terrorist organization. 
The Nation Gang; aka Nato no longer utile, according to Trump? Even if Trump wins, someone would explain to him that such a gang will be very useful to world gangsterism and supremacy of the master class. disqus_eEbPU3IGDU 
Very very very well put. Justin might have added that for a long time the MSM in the so-called Free World were even worse that the government-controlled media in Communist countries and dictatorships. In the Free World, the MSM have not been under formal government control, so this makes them seem objective so that what they say is more believable and their power is greater. If in fact they do sometimes print something that Washington really doesn’t like, that’s just good psychology because it reinforces the impression that MSM really are independent watchdogs of government. By contrast, in the Communist countries and dictatorships, the media have been under formal government ownership. As this fact could not of course have been hidden from the people, the latter naturally tended to discount what they read in the media because they knew that the media were biased. Claus-Erik Hamle 
Trump may win. In Colombia there was no doubt that it would be “yes”, but unfortunately, it ended “no”. So really, it´s impossible to know. Does she really mean that she´ll nake a no-fly zone no matter that it leads to war with Syria and Russia? disqus_eEbPU3IGDU 
This is a crazy election, the craziest since at least 1968. In such a crazy and unusual situation, what do the polls mean? YouAreNuts 
The only silver lining I’ve seen this week is the acquittal of the Bundy Ranch protesters. Hopefully the Finnicum family make a mint (of taxpayer money) in a lawsuit for the unnecessary shooting of Lavoy. 
Elsewhere, I have to agree with Assange; Trump probably can’t overcome the almost complete propaganda and intimidation blitz against his campaign by the MSM and hackjob Democrat browbeaters and Jackboot thugs. 
Once Hillary is in, it won’t so much be her forcing policy down her throat; it will be the entire Dem machine and presstitute corp as mentioned above… Assange, btw, will probably get renditioned or taken out.. 
Since it’s logistically difficult to impossible for millions to stream into DC to squat and demand justice, I don’t really see any threat of consequences for whatever atrocious policies that the sadists in Washington implement. Eileen Kuch 
Regarding Hillary’s so-called “victory”, I have to disagree. With every revelation of her crimes by Wikileaks, the Hildabeast’s chances of winning the election grow slimmer and slimmer, as her poll ratings take hit after hit after hit. The DNC’S and the Hillary Campaign’s involvement in violence against Trump supporters doesn’t help her campaign, either .. Instead, such intimidation only backfires on the DNC and the Hillary Campaign. It has boosted Trump’s chances of winning the election. There’s still one more “surprise” from Wikileaks yet to be released, and what it contains may destroy Hillary’s chances. Aion The Irredeemable 
It almost seems as though Justin has accepted reality and is now supporting Donald Trump. Has he seen the light or is he now pandering to the huge numbers of his followers who have left the Libertarian camp to become true conservatives? I don’t think I’ll be returning to the liberal/libertarian point of view but it’s a good sign that Justin has accepted the fact that Donald Trump represents the only force that will defeat the social marxists and their agenda of the New World Order/Globalists. 
“It almost seems as though Justin has accepted reality and is now supporting Donald Trump.” 
That’s a one or the other kind of thing. Claus-Erik Hamle 
Will President Clinton insist on a no-fly zone, even if it means war with Syria and Russia ? Is she mad, crazy, nuts, insane, bonkers ? Strider73 
Is she mad, crazy, nuts, insane, bonkers? 
All of the above, and worse. Account Exec 
Remember how the British and U.S. media assured us that Brexit was doomed to failure? Getting a whiff of the same scenario playing out here with all the “assurances” of a Clinton victory. Might even get to enjoy another Wikileaks bomb or two before it’s all said and done. wars r u.s. 
Trump’s biggest problem with the media is that they print all the stupid s**t he says. He hardly made people realize how corrupt our corporate media is unless they were living under rocks for the last 40 years. We have two lousy choices no matter how hard people cherry pick what the Donald spews. comrade hermit 
Trump is not the cause of these growing trends. He is a symptom of them and not exactly a positive one. When empires are in decline, the aggrieved masses often look to authority figures to save them from the inevitable death of a way of life. In this country we call that dying way of life the “American Dream”. A dream of stability and upward mobility that has been in decline for decades but is now in free fall. The Donald cannot save this dream. No one can. It is built upon the lie of state capitalism which is inherently unsustainable and built to self-destruct. Our only hope for real change is a total shift in the way we approach the very notion of modern society. This change cannot come from above, from an authoritarian savior figure. It must come from bellow, from the streets, and it must be divorced from the outdated left-right paradigm. Anti-statists and anti-imperialists of all stripes must join together in solidarity and bring this beast called empire to its knees where it belongs. Strider73 
Three words for anyone who thinks the Lizard Queen has it sewn up because of the polls: 
DEWEY DEFEATS TRUMAN",0
5703,Hayward: Who Needs the ’Resistance’ When You’ve Got the GOP Writing the Budget? - Breitbart,"Why does the left bother with “Resistance” theatrics when the Republican Congress funds their entire wish list anyway? [That’s a bit of a trick question because the left still plans to seize more power and money by recapturing Congress and the White House. They’ll never stop attacking the legitimacy of the Trump administration. The only lingering mystery is why so many Republicans think they can counter this strategy by appeasing Democrats.   At a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars in other people’s money, Republicans purchase a couple of sound bites that allow them to claim they aren’t heartless monsters because they funded every   priority, from “sanctuary cities” to Planned Parenthood.  In reality, these capitulations don’t win Republicans anything. Democrats will still depict them as tightwads on welfare spending, reactionaries on social policy, and footmen to the evil rich. As soon as the Republican “leaders” who meekly funded 100 percent of the Democrat agenda for 2017 object to 20, 30, or 50 percent increases in that agenda, they will be denounced as greedy pigs who want poor people to die.  We won’t even have to wait that long because Democrats are already cranking up the   machine to defeat Trump’s tax reform proposals. How can any GOP leader be dense enough to think that caving to the Democrats on spending will secure their cooperation, or even slightly mute their objections, for dramatic   tax reform?  Indeed, the flabby bulk of these   spending deals will be used as an argument against tax cuts. How can Republicans propose cutting taxes after they just agreed to finance the entire Democrat wish list? Tax cuts are the one thing we’re told we can never, ever “afford. ” The GOP appears to have given up on even the minimal fiscal responsibility of serious budgeting. From here on in, we’ll have nothing but bloated omnibus spending bills, crammed with pork and passed in a feverish haze of shutdown panic. You’d risk shutting down the government for cuts to Planned Parenthood, green energy programs, or the EPA? You maniac! You can vote for Trump presidencies all you want, peons, but the GOP leadership has conceded that Democrats hold the ultimate budgetary trump card. It’s an article of Republican faith that they will lose any and all budget battles, no matter the size of the GOP majority, because in the final hours Democrats will simply shrug and say, “Give us what we want, or we’ll shut the government down and you’ll be blamed for it. ”  The Democrats are so confident of their eternal whip hand in budget disputes that they openly threatened to shut the government down if their demands were not granted this time around, without bothering to conceal the threat at all. They know Republicans believe they will be held responsible for any such crisis. It doesn’t matter how many    Democrat fingers are on the shutdown. It wouldn’t matter if Democrat senators and representatives were caught on video running around Washington and pulling the plugs out of government computers. Terrified Republican leaders are convinced the media will never, ever frame the crisis as “Democrats Shut Down Federal Government to Protect Illegal Alien Criminals. ” The GOP Establishment just emerged from a presidential primary in which Donald Trump bulldozed a huge field of   Republican contenders, in no small part because the public was furious with Republican inability to make progress on a conservative agenda despite holding both House and Senate. They seem to have learned nothing from the experience.  The GOP promised that if voters gave them the Senate in 2014  —   an outcome deemed extremely unlikely going into the election cycle  —   they would march over former Majority Leader Harry Reid’s political grave and get things done at last.  That didn’t happen. We were told the power of President Obama’s veto pen was unbeatable. But Obama didn’t even have to use that pen, because the revolutionary new GOP Congress immediately set about giving the Democrat minority   control over the budget. The first item on the Republican leadership agenda in 2015 was sidelining every young Republican representative who took all that     stuff seriously. By the end of the year, Democrats were crowing that House Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies “gave away the store. ” It’s funny how having a Republican president doesn’t slow down Democrat budget priorities a bit, isn’t it? In 2009, Republicans said they were helpless without congressional majorities. In 2010 they won the House, but said they were helpless without the Senate. Then they took the Senate, but said they were helpless without the White House. Democrats today are basically where Republicans were in 2009  …     but they’re not helpless at all. They’re still writing the budget and treating the GOP leadership like Harry Potter’s house elves. Paul Ryan can only hope that one day Nancy Pelosi will mistakenly give him a sock and set him free. The winter of Republican triumph in 2014 gave us the horror of the “cromnibus” bill  —   a complete surrender to the losers of the midterm election. Democrats effectively wrote the first budget after the big GOP midterm triumph. After listing all of the Republican capitulations, including legislative tricks that made it easier for President Obama to shoot down every Republican idea he didn’t like, Senator Ted Cruz ( ) wrote in December 2015 that the only bright spot he could see were “significant” steps toward “repealing Obamacare and defunding Planned Parenthood. ” How significant do those steps look in retrospect? Angry and disappointed Republican voters sent an unmistakable message by turning to Trump in the GOP primary, even though every Establishment official and   pundit assured them nominating Trump was tantamount to throwing the 2016 election away. The stunning upset of the 2014 midterm was surpassed by the even more stunning election of President Donald Trump in 2016. One hundred days in, the leaders of both party establishments and 90 percent of the punditocracy are still walking around like they use tasers on their temples in the shower every morning. And the result of all those shocking upsets is  …     this? A budget bill Barack Obama would cheerfully have signed, assuming he didn’t think he could squeeze a few billion more out of Republicans at the eleventh hour? Voters keep giving the GOP astounding election victories, and they keep responding with the same budget, over and over again. Nearly everything Trump proposed cutting is funded in full  —   in many cases with substantial increases? $1. 5 billion for border security, but not a nickel for the border wall  —   the single most concrete, unambiguous promise Trump made, both before and after the election? We were given endless excuses why the congressional “power of the purse” could not be used to thwart Obama’s agenda, but apparently, the Democrat minority can use it to thwart Trump’s with ease. The big achievement touted by the White House and congressional leaders is increased military spending. “We have boosted resources for our defense needs without corresponding increases in   spending,” Speaker Ryan proclaimed. Those defense spending increases might be vitally needed, but what Ryan is saying here violates everything he previously stated about the need for fiscal discipline. The only enduring accomplishment of the Budget Control Act of 2011 was modestly restricting federal spending by menacing Republicans with military cuts and Democrats with domestic spending cuts  —   an Obama idea that was supposed to terrorize Republicans out of insisting on fiscal discipline at all.  Here we are in 2017, and the big “achievement” is that Democrats agreed to let Republicans spend more on the military, while Republicans gave Democrats everything they wanted on domestic spending. Republicans ended up right where Obama wanted them to be all along. The message sent by this budget betrayal is that elections don’t really matter all that much. The special interests that demand lavish funding from taxpayers will not be denied. Most of the matters we have heated political arguments over are actually beyond debate  —   the left will be funded no matter how you vote. What’s the point of entering the arena of ideas, to do the hard work of arguing against the abortion lobby, when Planned Parenthood gets its bulging sack of taxpayer cash from a Republican House, Senate, and White House? Do Republicans have the faintest clue how hollow and insincere their rhetoric sounds when the budgets and resolutions dribble out, and everything they claimed to oppose with passionate fury is fully funded? They’re already reeling from the embarrassing “Obamacare Lite” debacle, after years of vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every fundraiser  —   years of passing repeal bills they knew were doomed, folding them into paper airplanes, and tossing them at the window of Obama’s Oval Office. How often do they think they can get away with fighting for nothing before disgusted voters throw up their hands and walk away forever?",0
5704,Vanity Fair Editor Kurt Eichenwald Humiliated After Accidentally Revealing Anime Porn on His Browser - Breitbart,"Vanity Fair contributing editor Kurt Eichenwald posted a picture to Twitter of his computer desktop that users noticed included an open tab of cartoon porn. [Vanity Fair editor Kurt Eichenwald posted a photo to his Twitter page Wednesday night to display hate mail he recently received. Unknown to the editor, a tab open in his web browser in the background of the photo showed that he had been viewing hentai, or pornographic anime.  Yah, crappy photoshop Max. Unfortunately, no, this is what I got today. pic. twitter.   —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,  Eichenwald claimed that he had been viewing the explicit material because he and his children had been debating with Eichenwald’s wife over the existence of “tentacle porn”: Sigh. Ok, I’m a dumbass. Believe it or not, my kids  I were trying to convince my wife that ”tentacle porn” existed. I tried to find  …    (1)  —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,    …    some to show her it was real. But I couldn’t find any  —    ended up   this. My family reads my twitter feed, so they know this is true.  —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,  As users questioned and ridiculed Eichenwald, he doubled down: While hentai (until now, I thought it was called manga) was on screen as part of search to prove 2 my wife tentacle porn exists, what  …    . (1)  —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,    …    diff would it make? Seriously, while I don’t see the appeal of cartoon parn, porn is a   industry. Pple obviously look at it.  —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,  In further attempts to prove that he had not been searching for cartoon porn for his own enjoyment but rather for research, Eichenwald posted a screenshot of texts with his wife where he wrote, “Theresa  …    I’m sorry, this is a stupid question. Were our (adult) sons and I trying to prove to you that tentacle porn exists?” Eichenwald’s wife allegedly responded, “Yes. Still amazes me. ” No one hacked my account. We were searching to prove to my wife tentacle porn exists. See text convo. I only removed names and drug names. pic. twitter.   —   Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) June 8, 2017,  Many users still questioned Eichenwald’s version of events: Kurt there’s nothing illegal about getting horned up. It’s okay,  —   Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) June 8, 2017,   pic. twitter.   —   Bill Buchanan (@BigActionBill) June 8, 2017,  can’t wait to give my kids the tentacle talk,  —   . (@tcraig9) June 8, 2017,  Even Eichenwald parody accounts have given up, convinced that he has become too hard to satirize: this parody account is pointless. i cant compete,  —   Kirk Eichenwald (@kirkeichenwald) June 8, 2017,  Even FAKKU, the largest hentai publisher in the United States, contacted Eichenwald over his latest tweets, offering answers to any questions he may have about tentacle porn: Dear @kurteichenwald if you have questions about tentacle hentai, ask us! We like Urotsukidoji by @Tentacle_Master https:  .   —   FAKKU (@FAKKU) June 8, 2017,  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5705,"Yahoo’s Troubles Mount, and Revenue Shrinks, as It Vets Suitors - The New York Times","Yahoo said on Tuesday that its business continued to deteriorate in the first quarter, putting more pressure on the company to find a buyer quickly for its Internet operations. Marissa Mayer, Yahoo’s chief executive, said during a webcast to discuss the financial results that a review of potential suitors was proceeding at the “fastest responsible pace,” but she declined to be more specific. She also disputed news reports that the company was dragging its feet on a potential sale and refusing to share information with bidders. “Let me be unequivocal: Our board, our management team and I have made the strategic alternative process a top priority,” Ms. Mayer said. “We’ve been responsive and engaging, having personally answered hundreds of questions and requests for information. ” The first bids for Yahoo’s core Internet business were due Monday. Verizon Communications, the mobile phone carrier that owns AOL, was widely viewed as the leading contender. Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners have submitted a joint bid, with Ross Levinsohn, Yahoo’s former interim chief executive, playing a major role, according to a person involved in the bidding process, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the bids were confidential. Other bidders included the private equity firm TPG. A special committee of Yahoo’s board is now expected to sort through the preliminary offers to decide which to pursue. The company did disclose that it paid its outside advisers $9 million during the quarter. Ms. Mayer hinted that Yahoo would prefer a buyer like Verizon that could achieve “strategic synergies,” as opposed to a purely financial buyer like a private equity firm. Yahoo, based in Sunnyvale, Calif. said revenue fell 11 percent to $1. 09 billion, and its net loss was $99 million, or 10 cents a share, in contrast to revenue of $1. 23 billion and net income of $21 million, or 2 cents a share, in the same quarter a year ago. After deducting payments Yahoo made to advertising partners for traffic, its revenue exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Profits after adjusting for certain items also narrowly beat projections, although shareholders are much more focused on the potential sale of the company than quarterly financial results. Yahoo shares were up slightly in early   trading. Analysts were unimpressed with the results, but said that the company’s exact financial results did not matter. As Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research, put it in a note to clients, there was “relatively little commentary on the transaction news that so many are waiting on, and relatively more commentary on the current state of the business and management’s plans, which likely won’t matter for very long. ” In February, the company offered a gloomy financial outlook for the year as it restructured its operations and began exploring a sale. Yahoo did not update those projections in announcing its results Tuesday. Yahoo, a leading content portal in the early days of the web, missed the shift to mobile devices and has been struggling to compete against Google, Facebook and specialty apps for advertising dollars and user loyalty. Ms. Mayer, Yahoo’s chief executive since 2012, has failed to turn around the company. Restive shareholders are pressing the board to sell the Internet businesses and unlock Yahoo’s large stakes in Alibaba, a Chinese   company, and Yahoo Japan, an independently traded company. Together, those two investments have a face value of about $40 billion  —   more than the $35 billion stock market value of all of Yahoo, based on Tuesday’s stock prices. While the sales process has advanced, Yahoo’s management team, led by Ms. Mayer, has continued to run the business as if nothing were going to change. Yahoo said it again increased mobile revenue in the quarter, but declines in search and display advertising revenue more than offset that growth. Yahoo noted that it ended the quarter with 9, 400 employees, down 21 percent from the previous year, as it eliminated many of its digital magazines, closed overseas offices and made cuts in other parts of the business. Kenneth Goldman, Yahoo’s chief financial officer, said the company was continuing to explore the sale of real estate. Mark Mahaney, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said, “This was same old, same old at Yahoo,” adding, “The overall trends remained relatively soft. ” Jeffrey Smith, the chief executive of the Starboard Value hedge fund, said on Tuesday that he intended to keep the pressure on Yahoo. Starboard has proposed an alternative slate of nine directors to replace Yahoo’s entire board at the company’s next annual shareholder meeting, expected in June or July. In an interview with CNBC, Mr. Smith, who has pressed for a sale of Yahoo’s assets for months, said he expected the board to move forward and negotiate a deal with a buyer. “If we get to the end, and they haven’t been successful as it relates to getting the company sold  —   the core business sold  —   well, we’re going to need to pick up the pieces,” he said.",0
5706,UN Gay Rights Envoy: Religious Freedom ‘Not an Absolute Right’,"The United Nations envoy for gay rights has declared that when there is a clash between homosexual rights and religious liberty it must be recalled that “freedom of expression and religious freedom are not absolute rights and may be limited if necessary. ”[In a recent public consultation, the UN’s newly appointed “independent expert” on the defense of LGTB rights, Vitit Muntarbhorn, said that negative moral judgments on homosexual activity were a recent phenomenon, stemming from “colonial law. ”  “More recently, in colonial law, or remnants of colonial law, gays were criminalized, are criminalized, even though beforehand they were not criminalized,” he claimed during the Jan. 25 conference. When challenged about the clash between LGBT rights and religious freedom by Henk Jan van Schothorst of the Transatlantic Christian Council, Muntarbhorn said that religious freedom is not absolute and must yield to homosexual rights. “There are some absolute rights,” he said in apparent reference to LGBT rights, “but there are some that are not absolute. ” He went on to explain that “freedom of expression and expression of religion” are not absolute rights and that they can be curtailed when necessary. While praising a desire to engage with the “heart of religion,” Muntarbhorn said this should be done “without the mythology overriding the heart of the religion. ” The independent expert also emphasized the role of education so children can be “born and bred from a young age” with the right attitudes toward sexual orientation and identity, a practice that some have denounced as indoctrination or even “gender ideology” or “ideological colonization. ” Last summer, the UN Human Rights Council approved the appointment of an independent expert on the defense of the LGTB collective, and in October the Council chose Vitit Muntarbhorn of Thailand to fill the post. The following month, a coalition of 54 African states challenged the legality of the appointment, asking that his mandate be put on hold. They submitted a resolution calling for the suspension of the UN’s LGBT investigator, noting that gender identity and sexual orientation have no place in international human rights instruments. While Muntarbhorn has been tasked with assessing implementations of existing international human rights law and raising awareness of violence and discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity (SOGI) critics suggest that his very mandate will constitute interference with the laws of many UN countries.   countries worldwide, and almost 40 percent of all UN member states, currently have   laws on their books. In Africa alone, 33 states have laws making homosexual acts a crime, including Uganda, Nigeria, Sudan and Mauritania. Speaking on behalf of the African nations, Botswana’s ambassador told a General Assembly human rights committee in November that African nations “are alarmed” that the Human Rights Council is delving into national matters and attempting to focus on people “on the grounds of their sexual interests and behaviors. ” Ambassador Charles Ntwaagae said that the Council had no business looking into “sexual orientation and gender identity,” which are notoriously absent from the United Nations charter document, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. “Those two notions are not and should not be linked to existing international human rights instruments,” said Ntwaagae. The UN has never adopted an official position regarding putative rights of gender identity or sexual orientation, though it does guarantee the rights of life, liberty, security, property and equal protection to all persons without distinction. “We therefore call for the suspension of the activities of the appointed independent expert pending the determination of this issue,” said Ntwaagae. The Africa group claimed that a focus on homosexual rights also takes attention away from other issues of “paramount importance,” such as racism and the right to development. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
5707,Sen. Menendez Ally Dr. Salomon Melgen Found Guilty on All 67 Counts of Medicare Fraud - Breitbart,"Update: The Palm Beach Post just reported Melgen was convicted of all 67 counts.  Jurors announced their verdict Friday for Dr. Salomon Melgen. He effectively faces a life sentence if no deal is struck. Menendez denies any wrongdoing. Prosecutors contended that the    Melgen stole up to $105 million from the federal insurance program between 2008 and 2013, by giving patients treatments and tests that couldn’t help them. Melgen’s attorneys argued that any billing issues were simply mistakes. As Breitbart News has reported, the testimony presented by the prosecution’s expert medical witnesses during the trial was very damaging, while the testimony of his own defense witnesses backfired. The jury announced the verdict after its third day of deliberation. On April 1, 2015, Melgen and his friend and political contribution beneficiary, Sen. Robert Menendez (  Jersey) were indicted on charges of public corruption. Two weeks later, on April 15, Melgen was indicted on 76 charges of Medicare fraud. “[P]rosecutors said [Melgen] attempted to bilk the health care program out of as much as $190 million,” the Associated Press reported at the time of the second indictment. Sen. Menendez has previously indicated he intends to run for   in 2018. With Melgen now facing life in prison, he will have reasons to consider cooperating with prosecutors as they present their case against Menendez. Steven Sandberg, a spokesman for the senior U. S. senator from New Jersey, referred an NJ Advance Media reporters’ inquiry to a statement released earlier in the day by Menendez’s attorney, Abbe David Lowell. “I have spoken to Sen. Menendez and he is saddened for his   friend and is thinking of his family on this difficult day,” wrote Lowell. “As we have known for the past two years, the issues involved in Dr. Melgen’s case in south Florida had no bearing on the allegations made against the senator, and this verdict will have no impact on him.  “Dr. Melgen’s case focused solely on the    operations of his medical practice and the private care of his patients  —   specifics of which the Senator could not be aware, nor has it ever been suggested otherwise.  “From the beginning, Senator Menendez has been clear that he has always acted in accordance with the law and in his appropriate legislative oversight role as a member of Congress. When all of the facts are heard, he is fully confident that a jury will agree and he will be vindicated. ” That trial is set to begin in a New Jersey federal courtroom in the fall.",0
5708,Robert De Niro: ‘Mutt’ Trump Has ‘Debased the Presidency’ - Breitbart,"This week in an interview on New York City’s  Fox 5’s “Good Day New York,” actor Robert De Niro said President Donald Trump was a “mutt” who has “debased the presidency. ”  De Niro said, “This is guy has sullied the presidency, he’s debased the presidency. It’s just beyond surreal what this guy has done. ” He added, “He’s a mutt. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5709,"The Arcturian Group by Marilyn Raffaele October 23, 2016 [VIDEO]", ,0
5710,Comment on Rachel Maddow declares that a Trump presidency could have radical effects on her chosen profession by Anonymous,"Posted on November 6, 2016 by DCG | 19 Comments 
From Entertainment Weekly : Every four years, around this time, you start to hear them: the dissatisfied voters who threaten to move to Canada if their candidate loses. With the presidential election looming, such discussions have reached a fever pitch, but what about our political experts? Surely they’re not thinking of fleeing north, too? 
EW sat down with Rachel Maddow a few weeks ago to pick her brain about the election and her broadcasting career, from hosting The Rachel Maddow Show (weekdays at 9 p.m. on MSNBC) to co-anchoring MSNBC’s primetime political coverage with Brian Williams. We asked her the same question that’s on a lot of liberals’ minds: If Donald Trump wins the presidency, will she pack up and move to Canada? Not a chance. 
“First of all, my mother would kill me,” Maddow says, laughing. “My mother escaped Newfoundland in order to come here. Seriously, there’s nothing to make you appreciate the United States more than having an immigrant parent .” 
Canadian connections aside, Maddow says she’s definitely staying, even if a Trump presidency could have radical effects on her chosen profession . 
“Trump says that once he’s president, ‘ Media’s not going to get away with the stuff they get away with now. We’re going to change those libel laws! ’” Maddow says. “He blacklisted the freaking Washington Post from covering him. So who knows what it’s going to be like with Trump as president? Who knows how he’ll use his power to try and destroy the press? ” 
Still, Maddow says she’s not going anywhere. 
“If he does what he’s promising to do, I don’t know if any of our jobs will exist any more,” Maddow says. “But as long as someone will have me, I’ll do this job.”",0
5712,Entire crowd at gig is ticket-buying bots,"Entire crowd at gig is ticket-buying bots 11-11-16 
A BIFFY Clyro gig in Glasgow is expected to be the first entirely attended by online ticket-buying bots. 
The algorithms, designed to beat clumsy humans to tickets so they can be sold on for an inflated price, have begun to appreciate music and keep them for themselves. 
The bots are generally thought to prefer hard rock, jazz and acoustic singer-songwriters to modern pop, which they find too expressionless and mass-produced ‘as if it was made by machines’. 
Bot Tom Logan said: “Yeah, after all this time buying the tickets we decided to check some shows out and wow, now we get what all the fuss is about. 
“The Biffy gig, which we’re all planning to mosh at, is only the first all-bot one. By 2017 no human will ever attend a gig again.” 
Nathan Muir, from Colchester, said: “I was sat behind one of these bots for Paul Simon at the Royal Albert Hall. Just a few lines of cleverly written code, but you could tell it was into it. 
“Though there was a twatty one on the balcony that kept shouting ‘Free Bird’, apparently because its code had been corrupted.” 
Share:",0
5713,HILLARY CLINTON is being funded by the same Muslim terrorism supporting governments as the Islamic State (ISIS),"November 4, 2016 @ 4:48 pm 
Now why am I not surprised? Countries which have allowed enough undesirable’s to immigrate, have been sucked in with the undesirables network of serious organised crime. Crime’s are largely committed upon non believers, as is the right these people have been bought up to believe they have. They are bought up to lie and cheat. It is human nature for pretty much everyone – is to have material things better than they would normally afford. Be it a nicer home, or some annual holiday or expensive motor car. Who does not like the better things in life? Well – these scheming thieves already have a network of bribed politicians, EU, law officials, high paid company executives etc – in their pockets. All from a share of the corrupt money they have stolen from Western Societies. And distributed a cut to money greedy people who are trusted in running our companies, States and Countries. With what I see going on with the likes of the EU – I am not surprised one bit with likely outcomes with the Clinton foundation. Oh – they come out with statements that they are fighting terrorism, yet they have been bribed to do as they are told – and actually let these undesirables help themselves to our money. And these undesirables funnel plenty of money to the very people our in power politicians pretend they are protecting us from. It is very much a catch 22 situation. They spend lots of money to fight ISIS, yet on the hand allow these people to help themselves to our purse – effectively supporting them. All due to our human nature of wanting more than our honest fair share. Our financial world is can of worms. Let’s hope a nasty world war is held off for as long as possible – as this is where we are heading – for whoever ends up in power. In the mean time – our people in power are turning our free Western societies into mini mayhems – and pretending they are doing good. All for MONEY.",0
5714,Предикторские свойства толпы?,"Паранормальное 
Профессор американского университета Аллан Личман сообщил о предчувствии того, что Трампу будет объявлен импичмент. 
Издревле человек хотел заглянуть в будущее. Заманчиво ведь — заранее знать, успешной ли будет охота, кто станет вождём племени, чем обернётся поход за рабами, и насколько стоит придерживать язык в личной беседе с императором. А поскольку заглянуть в будущее человек не может, ну, не может, хоть тресни, приходится уповать на различные знаки. Можно сказать, знаки судьбы. 
Знаки эти, как понимаете, совершенно разные. Это уже позже появились гадальные карты, просто игральные карты и карты Таро. Раньше-то всё было попроще. То баранья лопатка, то потроха чёрного петуха, то полёт птиц. Короче, всё, что нас окружает, обладает предикторскими* свойствами. Достаточно подробно и обоснованно всё это описано, ну, хотя бы, Фрезером в книге «Золотая ветвь». (Предупреждаю заранее, «многа букафф», можно «ниасилить»). 
А уж как эти свойства интерпретировать знают нужные люди. Подчёркиваю, знают! Во всяком случае, по их словам, звучащим крайне убедительно для них самих. Помните диалог Бендера с ксёндзами? — Эй, вы, херувимы и серафимы,— сказал Остап, вызывая врагов на диспут, — бога нет! … — Как же вы утверждаете, что бога нет, — начал Алоизий Морошек задушевным голосом, — когда всё живое создано им… 
Ну, вы же понимаете, что этот диалог несколько не по теме, но уровень компетенции интерпретаторов знаков судьбы примерно одинаков, разница только в интеллектуальном уровне «научного» обоснования предсказания, основанного на предикторских свойствах кофейной гущи или от запутанности кренделей, выписываемых ногами обезглавленной курицы. 
Но вернёмся в наши времена. Думается, предсказателей и гадалок (гадателей) меньше не стало, поэтому кое-кто стал больше доверять животным. Один осьминог Пауль чего стоит, правильно предсказавший результаты 4 из 6 матчей сборной Германии на Евро-2008. Но футбол футболом, а победу Дональда Трампа на президентских выборах напророчили кливлендские собаки-предсказатели, китайская мартышка Геда, российский белый медведь Феликс и российская же черепашка-предсказательница Ася. 
Но мы – люди. Не можем мы в своих прогнозах уповать на безмозглых животных. Прошу прощения у защитников животного мира – слово «безмозглые» употреблено, конечно же в фигуральном смысле. Так вот, несмотря на обилие удачных предсказаний, гм, братьев наших меньших, опираться нужно всё-таки на более разумные аргументы. Аргументы политологов, аналитиков, и как они там ещё называются. Но, надо заметить, что этой братии развелось не меньше, чем профессиональных гадалок и чревовещателей, простите, предсказателей. 
Возьмём, к примеру, эксперта по проведению опросов общественного мнения Сэма Ванга из Принстонского университета. Правда, этот аналитик, пророча победу Хиллари Клинтон, ошибся. Но зато сдержал слово и прямо в эфире телеканала CNN съел сверчка. Съел, как честный человек, пообещавший сделать это в случае ошибки. Много ли вы наблюдали людей, пообещавших в случае ошибки съесть собственную шляпу или галстук, и сдержавших слово? 
Но есть и аналитики, не ошибающиеся в своих прогнозах. Именно таков профессор Американского университета Аллан Личман. Он создал систему предсказания исхода выборов, которая не давала сбоев с 1984 года! Девять раз подряд, основываясь на своём специальном методе анализа, он безошибочно предсказывал, кто станет президентом США. Именно Аллан Личман ещё в сентябре, за два месяца до президентских выборов, практически со 100%-ой уверенностью заявил, что следующим президентом станет Дональд Трамп. Вот это дар предвидения, точнее, вот это система анализа! 
И вот теперь, сразу же после выборов, этот же аналитик заявляет, что теперь он ожидает отставки или импичмента того же Трампа! Не странно ли? И, что интересно, теперь профессор основывается не на своей сверхпророческой системе, а на простой человеческой интуиции. Давая интервью Washington Post, эксперт заявил, что, давая прогноз об импичменте Трампа, он руководствовался не методом, при помощи которого определял, кто станет главой США, а «внутренними ощущениями». Ой ли? Правда, Личман попытался хоть как-то аргументировать своё мнение: «Они (республиканцы – прим. ред.) не хотят Трампа президентом, потому что они не могут его контролировать, он непредсказуем. Они бы с радостью хотели видеть на этой должности Майкла Пенса – полностью прямолинейного, консервативного и контролируемого республиканца». Не лукавит ли аналитик? Если не республиканцы выдвинули кандидатуру Трампа, то кто? 
А, может быть, профессор знает немного больше, чем говорит? А, может быть, профессор знает намного больше, чем говорит? А, может быть, пришла пора применить внутри страны методики, разработанные для внешнего использования? Я имею в виду методики бархатных, цветочных и прочих плодово-ягодных революций. Подумайте, я просто хочу зажечь искорку сомнения. 
Между тем, волнения, вызванные победой Трампа, не утихают, даже ширятся. Не так ли всё начиналось и в странах, где, казалось бы, спонтанно, вдруг, вспыхивали протесты против итогов президентских выбров? Не начинает ли чудовище Франкенштейна оборачиваться против своего создателя? Подумайте, я просто хочу зажечь искорку сомнения. 
* Предикторский (от англ. predictor «предсказатель») — прогностический, обладающий даром предвидения.",0
5715,"Even If You Hate Trump, What this Leftist Just Did Is VILE... | The Federalist Papers","
Fox News reported : 
Five police officers and yellow caution tape surround Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star — or what’s left of it. 
The Los Angeles police say they are investigating the smashing of Trump’s star following footage that showed the sidewalk tribute was destroyed with a pickax. 
Det. Meghan Aguilar says investigators were called to the scene before dawn Wednesday. 
By mid-morning, an LAPD spokesperson at the scene told FOX411 the Chamber of Commerce was sending out a crew in the hopes of getting the star repaired as soon as possible. 
“Investigators are looking at [a] felony vandalism [charge] because of the value which the Chamber of Commerce has placed [on the star] at $2,500…” the spokesperson told us. “As soon as investigators can positively identify the suspect, which they are very sure they can do… they will go ahead and make a decision whether they want to arrest that suspect or seek a warrant.” 
Fox411 spoke with a worker from Top End Construction who told them that the damage done to Trump’s star was “probably the worst I have seen.” 
A man named Jamie Otis has taken responsibility for the destruction, according to Deadline Hollywood, which posted a video of the man taking a pickax to Trump’s star. 
According to Deadline, Otis planned to auction off the star and give the money to the 11 women who have come forward with groping allegations against Trump just weeks before the presidential election. 
Trump has denied the groping allegations and it’s painfully obvious that they are almost assuredly politically motivated . As far as what the women get out of it, some may be politically motivated themselves and others have had their ulterior motives — money , fame, payback because Trump didn’t go to their restaurant, etc. — exposed. 
Hollywood Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Leron Gubler made it clear that his organization “intends to prosecute to the full extent of the law,” whoever is found to be responsible for the damage.” 
“The Hollywood Walk of Fame is an institution celebrating the positive contributions of the inductees,” Gubler stated. “When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California State landmark.” ",0
5716,’Hundreds’ to Protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Walled Hawaiian Estate - Breitbart,"“Hundreds” of people are reportedly set to protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Hawaiian $100 million estate in response to the billionaire’s large perimeter wall and reports that locals were allegedly “harassed and intimidated by security” for walking nearby. [“In June 2016, Zuckerberg constructed a   wall along part of his property, despite protests from locals, who called it a ‘monstrosity’ and not neighborly,” wrote McClatchyDC. “Now, more than six months later, around 200 locals are expected to march in protest along the wall this Saturday. ”  Numerous locals have also “attempted to use an old trail that passes through the property, only to be harassed and intimidated by security,” according to the site. “Some have even filed police complaints. ” “Although Zuckerberg owns control over the land, he is not the only one with rights to it,” they continued. “In particular, several parcels of land, totaling less than eight acres of the 700, belong in part to families who inherited the land through the Kuleana Act, a    Hawaiian law. ” “People are furious down here with him,” said protest organizer and farmer Joe Hart. “We just want to bring this issue to light. He’s made his money stealing everyone’s information, which we’ve let him do, but to come down here and start suing everyone, that’s not going to fly down here. ” “We were walking along [a beach] and they tried to say that this was private,” Hart continued. “I’ve been walking on this since I was a little kid. ” Zuckerberg defended his Hawaiian estate in a post to Facebook last week, claiming, “There have been some misleading stories going around today about our plans in Hawaii. ” “We are working with a professor of native Hawaiian studies and long time member of this community, who is participating in this quiet title process with us,” Zuckerberg wrote. “It is important to us that we respect Hawaiian history and traditions. We love Hawaii and we want to be good members of the community and preserve the environment. We look forward to working closely with the community for years to come. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
5718,The Best and the Worst From the Rio Games - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   As if this city did not have enough problems to overcome, rain and high winds swept through here shortly before the closing ceremony, sending branches and balcony fixtures plummeting onto sidewalks and automobile hoods. In what by now is standard fashion at these Olympics, the Brazilians soldiered on and found a way, even on backup generator power at the Maracanã stadium. It was a   Games: full of challenges and contrasts, abrupt shifts in mood and momentum. It was no doubt quite a mess backstage and yet quite a spectacle at the front of the house. But now it is time for the traditional wrap parties and an extra layer of relief, and definitely time to hand out our traditional Olympic prizes (before something else falls from the sky). Best Performance on Land Bolt. Bolt. It’s always about Usain Bolt, and, yes, he went three for three again in the gold medal department, holding off the fading threats (Justin Gatlin) and the rising stars (Andre De Grasse) without looking as if he were quite giving it his full attention. That, of course, is part of his charm. What will track  —   or the second week of the Olympics  —   do without him? But this year’s farewell run lacked both the element of surprise and the element of  . Bolt’s times in major championships have been increasing for years now. For the novelty factor and the wow factor, there was no surpassing the American Simone Biles. Even if she was a     world champion, she was an Olympic rookie, and her explosive and exuberant brand of gymnastics leapt off any screen in any culture. For all those who tuned in or actually made it to their seats in Rio, her performances redefined human limits, just as Bolt’s sprinting did in 2008 and 2009. Worst Performance on Land There was no shortage of candidates  —   including the   American goalkeeper Hope Solo  —   but only one genuine contender. Ryan Lochte should definitely have stayed in the pool. Best Performance in Water Phelps. Phelps. It’s always about Michael Phelps, and, yes, he won five more gold medals, this time at age 31. But three of those came in relays, and in one of those, Phelps was given a big lead heading into his anchor leg. As remarkable as Phelps remains, the United States’ swimming success was the result of a genuine team effort, and not just because of Katie Ledecky’s freestyle dominance. The Americans also got individual gold medals from five other swimmers, including members of the new wave (Ryan Murphy) and the old guard (Anthony Ervin). After giving few hints of such    success at last year’s world championships, the Americans stormed back to win 33 swimming medals in Rio, more than three times what any other nation could muster. Worst Performance in Water It took another collective performance to secure this prize, and it deserves to be shared by all those still unidentified individuals who contributed to turning the water in the Olympic diving pool from transparent blue to opaque green. Hydrogen peroxide? Inactive chlorine? Whatever the latest excuse, this was not the body of water that the world was worried about Rio keeping clean. Best Performance on Water Blair Tuke and Peter Burling, soon to resume preparing with New Zealand for the America’s Cup, were utterly dominant in the 49er class. Danuta Kozak of Hungary won three more gold medals in women’s kayak, bringing her career total to five. The women’s eight from the United States rowed to yet another gold of their own. But there was no better sea story in Rio than Santiago Lange of Argentina. The oldest sailor in the Olympic fleet at age 54, Lange learned he had lung cancer last year and had part of one lung surgically removed. But he still made it to the starting line for South America’s first Olympics. He and his sailing partner, Cecilia Carranza Saroli, were not the favorites in the new mixed multihull Nacra 17 event. Yet they managed to win the gold medal by just one point, and when it was over, Lange’s sons, who competed in the 49er class in Rio, swam out to celebrate with him. Worst Performance on Water Conditions, to be polite, were not always ideal on the Olympic rowing course in Rio’s scenic Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon, where winds whipped up choppy conditions and forced some delays. But the lagoon was comparatively calm when Vladislav Yakovlev of Kazakhstan managed just 10 strokes before capsizing in his single scull. Based on water quality studies of the lagoon before the Olympics, this was definitely not the place to get wet. So what did Yakovlev do? The next day, he capsized again. Best Performance in Midair The Bahamian sprinter Shaunae Miller’s desperate,   lunge across the line to beat the American Allyson Felix in the women’s 400 meters is clearly on the shortlist. But to be fair, Miller barely left the ground. We’re going with the athlete who soared the highest in the Olympic Stadium: Thiago Braz da Silva of Brazil. Coming into the Games, his personal best in the pole vault had been 5. 93 meters, or about 19 feet six inches. But when he and the host nation needed it most, he cleared 6. 03 meters to set an Olympic record and upset the   holder, Renaud Lavillenie of France. It was a gold medal few saw coming, and it was Brazil’s only medal in track and field at its Games. Worst Performance in Midair Nadezhda Bazhina of Russia is no tourist athlete. She is a former European champion in the   springboard. But she made a splash for another reason in Rio: mistiming her takeoff during the preliminaries and leaving the board at a suboptimal angle. The result was a back flop that was seen, heard and streamed round the world. Final score for a dive that was not really a dive: zero points. Best Performance   It is tempting to lean toward the television program É Campeão, and its assemblage of past Olympic greats, including Mark Spitz, Carl Lewis and Nadia Comaneci, all of whom appeared nightly on the Brazilian channel SporTV. They worked with translation, although no translation was required when they finally signed off at around 2 a. m. on Monday morning with a farewell conga line in which we discovered that the former American gymnast Bart Conner is a whole lot shorter than the former Cuban high jumper Javier Sotomayor. But for true cool on live television, we’re going with Bolt, who after winning yet another footrace was asked for the umpteenth time in his career about his favorite Bob Marley song. The Jamaican responded by singing “One Love” for Brazilian TV. Worst Performance   It is tempting to say it could have happened to anyone. There is a lot of churn and froth in an Olympic pool, and when the men’s 200 individual medley race began, Elliotte Friedman called it the way he saw it. Unfortunately, Friedman, a Canadian broadcaster working for CBC, saw it wrong, mistaking Ryan Lochte in Lane 5 for Michael Phelps in Lane 4. “Finally, he’s going to do it,” Friedman declared with understandable emphasis. “Ryan Lochte is going to beat Michael Phelps in this event in the Games. ” Instead it was Phelps who was well out in front. Lochte finished fifth. And although by the end of the Olympics nobody was confusing Phelps for Lochte in or out of the water, Friedman, to his credit, got the   call just right. “I’m sorry everyone,” he wrote on Twitter. “I blew it. No excuses. ” Best Performance, Medal in Hand The story, in normal circumstances, would have been all about the American team’s becoming the first to win a second gold medal in women’s water polo. But the story became considerably more poignant when its coach, Adam Krikorian, received a phone call two days before the Games informing him that his    brother, Blake, had died in a surfing accident. After returning to the States for a few days, Krikorian came back to Rio. His players prevailed, and after they received their medals, each player  —   one by one  —   approached the coach and placed her medal around his neck. Worst Performance, Medal in Hand The dark side of Braz’s gold medal in the pole vault was that the Brazilian crowd, sparse though it was, booed the Lavillenie during the competition as he  —   quite rightly  —   tried to clear the same heights and win. The reaction was rough yet forgivable in the heat of the Olympic moment and in light of Brazil’s lack of a track and field culture. But the crowd crossed the line the next night in Olympic Stadium as it booed Lavillenie again as he received his silver medal. True, Lavillenie had not helped his cause by comparing his lot during the competition to that of Jesse Owens in 1936 in Berlin  —   a comparison he quickly retracted. But this was not Brazil vs. Argentina or Flamengo vs. Fluminense. This felt like the host nation ganging up on a single foreign visitor, one who did not deserve to have tears streaming down his face on the podium. Best Performance Per Capita The Caribbean still rules. Tiny Grenada, with slightly more than 100, 000 inhabitants, topped the standings on medalspercapita. com (yes, every Olympic digital niche is filling up fast). But Grenada only won one medal, a silver by the sprinter Kirani James, the defending Olympic champion in the 400. This year, James was thoroughly overshadowed (outside Grenada) by the South African Wayde van Niekerk’s gold medal and world record in Lane 8. For planetary impact per capita, it remains best to go with Jamaica, which might have won only one medal for every 247, 000 of its inhabitants but still has the world’s fastest man (Bolt) and fastest woman (the newcomer Elaine Thompson). Worst Performance Per Capita Only two medals and no golds for India, well on its way to supplanting China as the world’s most populous nation. Time to retire the trophy? Certainly not, but perhaps time to get cricket into the Olympics (everything else seems to be included).",0
5719,"Donald Trump’s Speech, Mosul, Kim Jong-nam: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • Reaction to President Trump’s address tended to focus on its “presidential” style. His sobriety, seriousness of purpose, and calls for unity reassured  —   and surprised  —   many listeners. “I think it sounded great, like a utopia,” one voter said, adding, “I don’t think it’s that simple. ” Indeed, Mr. Trump, who met with congressional Republican leaders on Wednesday, above, faces not only a committed Democratic opposition but a divided Republican Party. Today’s episode of The Daily podcast examines the president’s speech, especially his promises to protect Americans. Listen from a computer, on an iOS device or on an Android device. _____ • As Chinese officials gather this weekend for the start of the annual National People’s Congress, China’s weak currency is likely to be a major topic behind closed doors. The momentum appears to be turning against keeping the renminbi weak, not only because it risks worsening relations with the U. S. but also because it may hurt Chinese companies more than it helps. _____ • Russia mistakenly bombed Syrian fighters being trained by the U. S. another unintended clash among the myriad forces on the fluid battlefield. Separately, United Nations investigators released a report detailing war crimes committed by various forces in the Syrian conflict. The Syrian government’s deliberate bombing of a U. N. aid convoy in September, which killed 14 aid workers, was “one of the most egregious. ” Also in Syria, a senior Qaeda leader who was a    of Osama bin Laden was killed Sunday in a U. S. drone strike. _____ • The Malaysian investigation into the Feb. 13 assassination of Kim   the half brother of North Korea’s leader, has been halted at the doors to the North Korean Embassy in Kuala Lumpur. Two North Korean suspects in the case have taken refuge inside, adding to tensions between the former close allies. _____ • The Philippines appears set to reinstate the death penalty, after a crucial vote by the House of Representatives that demonstrated the popularity of President Rodrigo Duterte’s bloody antidrug campaign. A few last steps to enactment are unlikely to be difficult, despite opposition from some lawmakers and the politically influential Catholic Church. The church has had more success in preventing the distribution of condoms to high school juniors and seniors, despite the country’s   H. I. V. infection rate, one of Asia’s highest. _____ • Are the microtubes and filaments magnified above the oldest fossils on Earth? Some researchers identify them as bacterial remains that offer evidence that life emerged not long, geologically speaking, after the birth of the planet 4. 5 billion years ago. Others are, in the words of one scientist, “frankly dubious. ” Such battles, an optimist observed, are ”how science progresses. ” • Snap Inc. Snapchat’s parent company, makes its   market debut with a valuation set at $24 billion, an extraordinary starting point for a trajectory that could rise like Facebook  —   or fall like Twitter. • India’s rivers are paying the price for the country’s runaway construction boom. Ruthless “sand mafias” are devastating waterways to feed demand for concrete. • Women  on the boards of   companies on average earn 43 percent less than their male counterparts. • Former President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama have signed a publishing deal. Penguin Random House won the fierce auction  —   an insider said the opening offers for Mr. Obama’s book alone were as high as $20 million. • ResearchGate, a   social network for scientists, is growing in influence and funding, linking academics worldwide and providing   research feedback. • U. S. markets were up. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. •  Iraqi forces, backed by U. S. air power, recaptured the last major road out of western Mosul, trapping Islamic State militants inside the city. [Reuters] • The Afghan Taliban carried out twin bombings in Kabul that killed 15 people and wounded 50. Most of the victims were believed to be civilians. [The New York Times] • China has unveiled its latest combat drone, the Wing Loong II. The aircraft can fly for 20 hours and carry 12   bombs or missiles. [China Daily] • Trade associations in India’s Tamil Nadu State have proposed a ban on   and Pepsi, citing environmental concerns. More than a million shopkeepers are expected to comply. [BBC] • Vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and threatening calls to community centers and schools has left American Jews on edge. [The New York Times] • U. S. scientists report an increase in the risk of colorectal cancers in adults in their 20s and 30s, though the reasons are unclear. [The New York Times] • The Kiwis are back. Four years after squandering an   lead in San Francisco, Team New Zealand heads to Bermuda for the America’s Cup, yachting’s most prestigious prize. [The New York Times] • If you feel your productivity flagging at work today, try putting on some music. • Recipe of the day: For a different take on dinner, try roasted fish with sweet peppers. • France’s perennial obsession with  “Frenchness” is colored with fears that its essence is being lost with the decline of provincial towns  —   dense hubs of tradition where Balzac set his novels. • Be nice to your doctor or nurse. A study of an Israeli neonatal unit suggests that quality of care suffers if a parent is rude, or even just unpleasant, to the medical staff. • Finally, what to pack for a monthlong trip to Asia? King Salman of Saudi Arabia arrived in Indonesia, his first stop, with an entourage of 1, 500 people, six Boeing jets and a cargo plane carrying two Mercedes limos and 506 tons of luggage. When the movie “King Kong” was first screened, 84 years ago today in New York City, it was widely anticipated for its technological feats and a challenging narrative that had a “monstrous ape 50 feet tall” climbing the   Empire State Building. “The film will show prehistoric monsters fighting one another and making weird sounds,” The Times reported before the release, calling it a “fantastic film. ” It also helped define the career of Bruce Cabot, who played Jack Driscoll, the hero who rescues Fay Wray from the giant ape. Mr. Cabot’s career didn’t start in acting school. At 14, he scavenged cattle remains on the prairies of New Mexico for bone meal. Work in construction “gave him a democratic outlook on life,” The Times wrote in 1933. As a ship deckhand, he worked his way to Europe and meandered through   War I France and Spain. After “King Kong,” a series of supporting roles followed, often alongside John Wayne. World War II military service took him back to Europe, where he worked in intelligence. That may have prepared him for one of his last roles: Fighting a fictitious spy named James Bond in “Diamonds Are Forever. ” Patrick Boehler contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.  What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
5720,In Search of the Slave Who Defied George Washington - The New York Times,"MOUNT VERNON, Va.  —   The costumed characters at George Washington’s gracious estate here are used to handling all manner of awkward queries, whether about   privies or the first president’s teeth. So when a visitor recently asked an     in a full skirt and head scarf if she knew Ona Judge, the woman didn’t miss a beat. Judge’s escape from the presidential residence in Philadelphia in 1796 had been “a great embarrassment to General and Lady Washington,” the woman said, before offering her own view of the matter. “Ona was born free, like everybody,” she said. “It was this world that made her a slave. ” It’s always 1799 at Mount Vernon, where more than a million visitors annually see the property as it was just before Washington’s death, when his will famously freed all 123 of his slaves. That liberation did not apply to Ona Judge, one of 153 slaves held by Martha Washington. But Judge, it turned out, evaded the Washingtons’ dogged (and sometimes illegal) efforts to recapture her, and would live quietly in New Hampshire for another 50 years. Now her story  —   and the challenge it offers to the notion that Washington somehow transcended the seamy reality of slaveholding  —   is having its fullest airing yet. Judge is among the 19 enslaved people highlighted in “Lives Bound Together: Slavery at George Washington’s Mount Vernon,” the first major exhibition here dedicated to the topic. She is also the subject of a book, “Never Caught: The Washingtons’ Relentless Pursuit of Their Runaway Slave, Ona Judge,” by Erica Armstrong Dunbar. Most scholars who have written about Judge’s escape have used it as a lens onto Washington’s evolving ideas about slavery. But “Never Caught,” published on Tuesday by 37 Ink, flips the perspective, focusing on what freedom meant to the people he kept in bondage. “We have the famous fugitives, like Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass,” Ms. Dunbar, a professor of black studies and history at the University of Delaware, said in an interview in Mount Vernon’s    food court. “But decades before them, Ona Judge did this. I want people to know her story. ” Research on slavery has exploded in the two decades since Mount Vernon, Monticello and other founder home sites introduced   tours and other prominent acknowledgments of the enslaved. “Lives Bound Together,” which runs through September 2018, was originally going to fill one    room in the museum here, but soon expanded to include six other galleries normally dedicated to the decorative and fine arts, books and manuscripts. “We had so much material, and it’s such an important story,” Susan P. Schoelwer, the curator at Mount Vernon, said. “We realized we could take many of the objects already on view and reframe them. ” The exhibition makes it clear just who poured from the elegant teapots and did the backbreaking work on the   estate. But integrating the harsh reality of slavery into the heroic story of Washington  —   “a leader of character,” as the title of the permanent exhibition across from the slavery show calls him  —   remains unfinished work, some scholars say. “He’s a much more mythic figure than Jefferson,” said Annette   the author of “The Hemingses of Monticello” and a Harvard professor. “Many people want to see him as perfect in some way. ” But his determined pursuit of Judge, she said, as much as his will freeing his slaves, reflects the basic   of slave owners. “It’s saying, ‘Whatever I might think about slavery in the abstract, I should be able to do what I want with my property,’” she said. Ms. Dunbar, the author of “Never Caught,” first came across Ona Judge in the late 1990s, when she was a graduate student at Columbia researching free black women in Philadelphia. One day in the archives, she noticed a 1796 newspaper ad offering $10 for the return of “a light Mulatto girl, much freckled, with very black eyes and bushy hair” who had “absconded” from the president’s house. “I said to myself: ‘Here I am, a scholar in this field. Why don’t I know about her? ’” Ms. Dunbar recalled. Since then, Judge’s story has inspired several children’s books, and even an episode of “Drunk History. ” But “Never Caught” is the first   nonfiction account, drawing on some newly unearthed sources to track her from Mount Vernon to New York City, Philadelphia and then New Hampshire, at a time when gradual abolition left the line between slavery and freedom ambiguous. “There’s a myth of the North as free, but her story shows how complicated that was,” Ms. Dunbar said. It is in the meticulous ledgers of Mount Vernon that we first see Ona Maria Judge, who was born around 1773 to an enslaved mother and a father who was a white indentured servant. At age 9 she was brought to live in the mansion house, eventually becoming Martha Washington’s personal maid. When Washington became president, Judge followed the first couple to New York and then Philadelphia, home to a growing free black community. Free blacks, Ms. Dunbar writes, aided Judge’s escape in the midst of a presidential dinner, after she had learned that she was to be given to Martha Washington’s granddaughter, Eliza. And it was free blacks who helped her catch a sailing ship to Portsmouth, N. H. where she married, had three children and lived on the edge of poverty, laboring in households far less exalted than the Washingtons’. In two interviews published in abolitionist newspapers shortly before her death in 1848, Judge testified to the desire for freedom that drove her to run away from the Washington household, where she had “never received the least moral or mental instruction,” she said. Judge’s story, Ms. Dunbar said, explodes any notion of “privileged” house slaves, or of the benevolence of the Washingtons, whose far from passive role in perpetuating slavery  —   and in doling out sometimes brutal punishment to the rebellious  —   is described in detail. Ms. Dunbar describes how the Washingtons quietly maneuvered around Pennsylvania’s 1780 gradual abolition law, rotating their slaves in and out of the state every six months. And she recounts their shock at the “ingratitude” of Judge, who fled “without any provocation,” the president wrote. After hearing that Judge was in Portsmouth, Washington, offering a story that she had been “enticed away by a Frenchman,” discreetly sent a federal customs officer to bring her back, circumventing procedures laid out in the 1793 fugitive slave law he himself had signed. When Judge agreed to return on condition that she be freed on Martha’s death, George Washington dismissed her demand as “totally inadmissible. ” However much he might favor general emancipation, he wrote to the customs officer, granting Judge any say in her fate would only “reward unfaithfulness” and give ideas to others “far more deserving of favor. ” In August 1799, Washington, through another associate, tried again to capture her, but was foiled when Judge received a tip about the plot and disappeared. Four months later Washington was dead, freeing all his slaves in his will. Judge and the others held by Martha Washington remained her legal property. Ms. Dunbar calls Washington’s act “no small thing,” but does not see the former president, who had no biological children to disinherit, as the hero of the story. “When it was safe, he emancipated his slaves,” she said. “He dealt with it after his death. And you know what? That’s what all the founders did with slavery: They kicked the can down the road. ”",0
5721,Scenes of Ruin After Ecuador Earthquake Kills Hundreds - The New York Times,"QUITO, Ecuador  —   The strongest earthquake to strike Ecuador in decades left the Andean nation traumatized on Sunday, with collapsed buildings in a swath of destruction stretching hundreds of miles. At least 272 people were killed and 2, 527 injured, mostly in the northwestern coastal area of Manabí, the government said. President Rafael Correa cut short a visit to Europe and declared a national emergency after the 7.  earthquake struck on Saturday night, shaking the central coast. The effects could be felt in the capital, Quito, and into parts of Peru and Colombia. Portoviejo, the provincial capital of Manabí, and Pedernales, a resort town, appeared to have sustained the most damage, with about 370 buildings destroyed. Viviana Baquezea, 34, a florist, was driving back to her home in Portoviejo, accompanied by her parents and an employee, when the earthquake struck. They were met by a scene of destruction. “It looks like a war zone,” Ms. Baquezea said by telephone from Portoviejo. “It’s incredible what was happened to us  —   that our city is destroyed and we’re experiencing such anguish and pain. ” “We don’t have food or water, there are no supermarkets, and we’re surviving with what we had in our homes,” she added. José Vaca, a television producer for OromarTV, said the seconds in which the earth refused to stay still seemed to last forever. “We were preparing to transmit a local football game when everything started to shake and the people fled in panic,” he said of a game in Portoviejo. “I had to to avoid being crushed by the people. I have some scrapes. But what I see around me is really terrible, startling and very sad. ” Ecuador has a history of destructive earthquakes, but the one on Saturday, which by some accounts lasted more than a minute, is believed to have been one of the most powerful since the 1970s. Some geologists said its force was 20 times greater than the deadly earthquake that struck southern Japan early Saturday. The quake had a depth of nearly 12 miles. Several aftershocks, some as strong as magnitude 5. 6, followed. The earthquake’s center was 16 miles southeast of Muisne, Ecuador, the United States Geological Survey said. About 4, 600 members of the National Police and 10, 400 members of the armed forces were mobilized as part of the emergency response. Hundreds of doctors, health professionals and rescue workers were heading toward the   areas. The president’s emergency decree gives the government expanded authority and a state of emergency in six of the country’s 24 provinces. Deaths were reported in the northern provinces of Esmeraldas, Manabí and Guayas. Among the dead were a youngster who fell down the stairs in a mall in the southern port city of Guayaquil and another who died after the collapse of a bridge in the city, according to reports from the television station Teleamazonas. Adriana Villacís, 40, a nurse, said she was with her husband and her    son at a supermarket about 30 minutes from Quito when groceries began to fall to the floor. “The first thing I did was protect my son and look for the exit, but a part of the roof fell, and I was frozen,” she said. “Thank God we weren’t physically harmed, but the shock caused my child to vomit. ” In the Pedernales district, near the epicenter, a number of homes fell, damaging parked cars. On Avenue Mariscal Sucre in northern Quito, signposts fell, causing panic among drivers. Jorge Espinel said he had parked his car to avoid an accident. “It was terrible, such a shock,” he said. “I don’t have words for what I felt. ” In Quito, where the shaking was felt for about 40 seconds and residents took to the streets in fear, the quake appeared to have knocked out electricity and cellphone coverage in several neighborhoods. The mayor of Quito, Mauricio Rodas, said there had been rockslides on roads leading to the capital and reports that the walls of houses had fallen. But he said that no fatalities or injuries had been reported in the city. Christian Rivera, a municipal official in Quito, said a group of 40 children with disabilities from the capital, who had been on an outing, were found near Pedernales and were rescued. In Guayaquil, an overpass collapsed on a car, and the roof of a shopping center buckled. In Manta, the airport was closed after the control tower was severely damaged. Fundación Esperanza Canina, an organization in Manta that cares for stray animals, said on Facebook that its shelter had been destroyed and that several dogs had been crushed by the debris. President Correa urged people to show strength while he and the authorities monitored events. Carlos Hernandez, a representative of Save the Children International in Quito, said his organization was sending a team of disaster response specialists from Panama to Manabí and putting together supply kits to distribute there. His organization and other civil society groups met with government officials to plan their response on Sunday. “We’re trying to see what they need most and where,” he said.",0
5722,"In Washington’s Daily Trump Wars, Devin Nunes Becomes a Human Shield - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Even on Fox News, Representative Devin Nunes, the beleaguered Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, could not escape the venom from his left. Mr. Nunes, the California lawmaker, stood inside the Capitol’s Statuary Hall on Thursday evening, assuming a familiar set of positions: in front of a camera, giving cover to President Trump and defending himself. The subject this time was his decision on Wednesday to brief Mr. Trump, whose campaign his committee is investigating, about possible “incidental” surveillance of the president or his associates. “I still think it’s the right call,” Mr. Nunes said of his decision not to tell members of his committee about his trip to the White House. But as he spoke inside the Capitol, a committee colleague, Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, peered into a different camera, belonging to CNN, a few feet to the left. “It is almost inconceivable,” Mr. Himes said of his chairman’s behavior, more than loud enough to hear nearby. “Lo and behold, a couple of hours later, Donald Trump gets to put the barest of fig leaves on the outrageous tweet about Barack Obama wiretapping him. ” Since Mr. Trump took office, Mr. Nunes has proved an eager purveyor of executive fig leaves. As the leader of an investigation involving the campaign of a man he cheered vocally and served directly as a transition team official, the congressman has often appeared almost incurious about the chief subject of the inquiry. Of greater concern in the intelligence sphere is his recent burst of media exposure, with a public speaking style that can at times seem cavalier while discussing sensitive information. This has led to misgivings about sharing national security details with him, a senior American intelligence official said. Many lawmakers crave attention, racing to microphones and pounding lecterns in search of cable news glory. But Mr. Nunes, who can seem by turns earnest and reticent in person, is something different: After over a decade in the House, he has appeared to lurch haphazardly into the spotlight, like Kramer entering a room on “Seinfeld,” straining to keep his balance as a human shield in Washington’s daily Trump wars. Mr. Nunes said on Fox News that he felt he “had a duty and obligation” to tell Mr. Trump about the possible surveillance. “Because as you know, he’s taking a lot of heat in the news media. ” Now the president has company in that regard: Mr. Nunes, a former dairy farmer, elected to Congress in 2002 at age 29, from a   section of a   state. The Democratic National Committee has even adopted a new label for him: “White House stooge. ” It was not always thus. Mr. Nunes was 23 when he was first elected to public office, as a board member of a local community college where he had started his higher education. Eyeing his first campaign, Mr. Nunes sought advice from Representative Jim Costa, a Democrat who is also from the Central Valley in California and was serving in the State Legislature at the time. Both belonged to the area’s   Portuguese community. Mr. Costa said he recognized a familiar drive. “We all show that kind of interest when we’re in our 20s and 30s, and we want to try to get an opportunity to see if we can make a difference,” Mr. Costa said. Until recently, Mr. Nunes’s most memorable flourish in the House was his blistering assessment in 2013 of Republicans who were willing to shut down the federal government over President Obama’s health law: “lemmings with suicide vests. ” Now, he has largely retained the support of his colleagues, despite complaints from Republicans like Senator John McCain of Arizona over his committee stewardship, amplifying calls for an independent commission to investigate Mr. Trump’s connections to Russia. On Friday, Mr. Nunes summoned reporters once more to relay information that Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman with questionable ties to Russia, had volunteered to appear before the committee. Mr. Nunes also announced the cancellation of a public meeting with former intelligence and law enforcement leaders, citing a desire to bring in James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, and Michael S. Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, for a closed session instead. Both testified before the committee this week. Representative Adam Schiff of California, the committee’s top Democrat, suggested that once again the chairman had acted unilaterally, this time to scuttle the hearing. And in a sign of how far their relationship has fallen, Mr. Schiff  —   who for weeks stood by Mr. Nunes’s side before reporters and defended him  —   accused him of taking that action because the White House had told him to. This was the capper to an eventful few days for Mr. Nunes. Presiding over a committee hearing on Monday  —   when Mr. Comey took the extraordinary step of announcing the agency’s investigation into whether the Trump campaign had colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election  —   Mr. Nunes mustered deeper alarm over anonymous sources revealing an inquiry’s details to journalists than over the contents of the investigation. On Wednesday, he told reporters he had received information that Mr. Trump or members of his team may have been “incidentally” swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies. Pressed on whether the White House had provided him the information to produce a “feedback loop” that might aid the president, Mr. Nunes has declined to reveal his sources, saying he does not want to discourage others from coming forward  —   a rationale analogous to reporters’ arguments for protecting anonymous sources. It has also not always been entirely clear what Mr. Nunes is talking about. “Was the president also part of that incidental collection, his communications?” one reporter asked on Wednesday. “Yes,” Mr. Nunes said, after glancing at the floor for a moment. Heads snapped up from their phones and notepads. “Excuse me, let me just clarify,” another reporter began. “The president of the United States’ personal communications were intercepted as an incidental part of intelligence gathering  —  ” Mr. Nunes appeared to reconsider. “When we talk about intelligence products here, we’ve got to be very careful,” he said. By Thursday evening, he still did not seem certain about the contents of what he had divulged. He has said he could decipher the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances. But he has stressed that he did not have evidence to support Mr. Trump’s claim of being personally wiretapped. Regardless, the president and some allies have seized on the comments as validation. “I mean, look, my guess is there’s probably a lot more than what I was able to see,” Mr. Nunes said, when asked if Mr. Trump was indeed vindicated. “And then he’ll have to make up his own mind. ” Democrats have said that Mr. Nunes apologized for leaving them out of the loop. Mr. Nunes, who said he would not do anything differently if given the chance, said he understood why some were upset. But he chafed at discussions of his private conversations. “That stuff,” he said, “is not supposed to leak out. ”",0
5723,PBS Islamic Lesson Plan Encourages Students to Identify with Radical Jihadists - Breitbart,"A PBS high school lesson plan encourages students to empathize with young Palestinian terrorists who want to become suicide bombers to achieve martyrdom and suggests they would rather die because Palestinians have less land and are restricted. [The “Dying to Be a Martyr” multimedia lesson plan is available free of cost to teachers and students at PBS Learning Media, reports Justin Haskins at the Heartland Institute. It utilizes videos titled “Martyrdom,” “Suicide Bombing,” and “Israel and Palestine,” as well as internet sites and primary sources “to examine the roots of the Middle East conflict. ”  Students are asked to be able to understand “why individuals and groups sometimes turn to tactics of terrorism. ” At first, students are asked to learn about the connections that all three major faiths  —   Judaism, Christianity, and Islam  —   have to Israel. However, later on in the lesson, students view the video “Israel and Palestine,” and are asked to focus on 25   Majdi Amer, who built a bomb in 2003 for a suicide bomber in Haifa who ultimately killed 17 people, and wounded 50 more, on a bus. Students are asked to compare Majdi’s view of suicide bombing with that of    Mohanned Abu Tayyoun, who wavers in carrying out his suicide mission and ultimately goes to jail in Israel. In Part III of the lesson plan, students view an interview with Mohanned in jail and are asked to “identify how Mohanned views his life and how he feels it differs from the lives of Israelis (Jews). ” “Martyrdom leads us to God,” he responds. “I don’t want this life. When you become a martyr, your prize for carrying out the operation is going to heaven  …    We Palestinians prefer to die, just kill ourselves, rather than live this worthless life. Our lives are worthless. We are hollow bodies living a pointless life. ” “Israelis enjoy their life,” Mohanned continues. “They go out at night. They have cafes and nightclubs. They travel all over the world. They go to America and Britain. We can’t even leave Palestine. ” Teachers are asked to check students’ understanding of the reasons Mohanned feels he would rather die and be a martyr than live his life. The lesson suggests that Mohanned may feel that way because “Palestinians have less land, fewer privileges, cannot come and go as they please. ” In Part IV of the lesson plan, Majdi is interviewed in a video and is asked why it is acceptable for him to kill women and children. “If the Israelis kill a child in Gaza, I’m ready to kill one in Tel Aviv,” he says. “If they destroy houses in Gaza, I’ll do it in Tel Aviv. If they give me security in my land, then there’s no problem. ” “No instructions are provided telling teachers to denounce the radical claims made by Majdi, and there are no other lesson plans describing the conflict from the point of view of the Israelis,” observes Haskins. JP Morgan Chase and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting  —   which is funded by the federal government  —   fund the lesson plan’s website. The Christian Action Network (CAN) has filed a demand letter with the U. S. Education Department urging it to stop funding the Islamic lesson plans that are part of a program called “Access Islam. ” “So, PBS Learning Media is one of the websites that is promoting it,” CAN’s president Martin Mawyer recently told Breitbart News. “The Smithsonian also promotes it, the Indiana Department of Education promotes it, and even the United Nations promotes it. ” Mawyer claims that through the Access Islam curriculum, American students are taught the Islamic way of life in a way that crosses the line from academics to indoctrination.",0
5724,The People's Cube - News,"Channel list 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
5725,Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism?,"Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism? Exclusive: Jane Chastain explains impact of Dems' 'living wage' proposal Published: 49 mins ago About | | Archive Jane Chastain is a Southern California-based broadcaster, author and political commentator. Despite her present emphasis on politics, Jane always will be remembered as the nation's first female TV sportscaster, spending 17 years on the sports beat. Jane blogs at JaneChastain.com. She is a pilot who lives on a private runway. Print 
Our country is at a crossroads. Never before have we faced such an obvious fork in the road. One road, the one favored by politician Hillary Clinton and her Democratic colleagues, promises to lead us to a socialist utopia. The other, favored by businessman Donald Trump and some of his Republican colleagues, promises to get us back on the road toward free-market capitalism. 
It is no secret that most career politicians lean toward a socialist system. In this system they control the lion’s share of our money and, in turn, hand out favors. In this system, they make the major decisions that affect our lives. As the government accumulates more and more power, we invariably end up with less. Statistics show that the longer a politician stays in power, the more of our hard-earned money he or she spends. Yet we keep electing the same people over and over and over again, expecting a different result. 
We’ve been headed down the road toward socialism for quite some time, and this could be the last fork in the road we will have to get us back to the free-market system that has given this country the highest standard of living in the world. No, it isn’t perfect, but it works for everyone who is willing to work hard and wants to improve his or her life. 
Notice what I didn’t say is “simply willing to work hard.” There is the belief by some that if you simply work hard, you should have what these politicians now call a “living wage” – the income necessary to support a family of four and supply all its basic needs, which is around $85,000 a year in some parts of the country. The Democrats want to replace the minimum wage, which is a training wage, with this living wage. That completely kicks the bottom rungs out from under the economic ladder Americans have traditionally climbed to reach their goals and live independently. 
Ideally, it would mean that you could take a job flipping hamburgers and never gain any skills or accept any responsibility, and live as comfortably as the guy or gal who does. 
Unfortunately, this so-called living wage will destroy jobs. It will cause companies to automate, and those that cannot will begin moving offshore at an even faster rate. 
But this living wage is only part of what the Democrats want to do in the name of fairness. 
This, no doubt, appeals to many in this poor economy who have lost all hope, so they are lulled into thinking that the socialist road is much better. 
Wages have remained flat for far too long, but the Democrats are proposing raising taxes even higher on businesses and job creators. 
Most people simply do not understand that businesses don’t pay taxes. They are passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. And when the price of the necessary goods and services becomes too high, such as we’ve seen in Obamacare, there is a large outcry. That’s when the government steps in and takes over the means of production and the control of those services. That’s when the door to socialism/communism slams shut. 
They tell us if we take this socialist road there is nothing to fear. Our benevolent government will take care of us. They are offering us free college – or almost free loans – in order to get the job we want at a salary we think we deserve. And if we don’t get that job, the government is going to give us free health care, free food and free housing. Under President Hillary, there will be free child care, free preschool and paid family leave. What a country! 
If we don’t reach our goals, everything will be OK because Social Security and Medicare will be there to finance our retirement, and if that isn’t enough, the government will put us in a retirement center where we live out the remainder of our years playing checkers or watching television. 
What about the fact that Social Security and Medicare are going broke? How long can we keep printing money to keep us afloat before our economy collapses? They never talk about that. 
As British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said, “The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people’s money.” 
Don’t be fooled: This election is about a lot more than the two personalities at the top of the ticket. It’s an important fork in the road: One fork requires hard work and sacrifice but offers freedom. The other offers a free lunch. 
Media wishing to interview Jane Chastain, please contact . Receive Jane Chastain's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jane Chastain's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
5726,’Titanfall 2’ - Colony Reborn Gameplay Trailer - Breitbart,"The latest free content update for Titanfall 2 brings a new map, weapon, and more customization options for players.[  map Colony from the original Titanfall is getting a makeover for the sequel. Developer Respawn Entertainment notes: “Mix in all of the new tacticals  Titans from Titanfall 2, and Pilots  Titans will have to keep their wits about them to survive in this   idyllic village of back alleys, blind corners and exposed rooftops. ”  Players will also gain access to the   assault rifle and a new execution featuring Titanfall 2‘s grappling hook for free. New prime versions of the game’s Legion and Northstar Titans featuring new chassis and executions will also be available to purchase separately, as well as new player banners, patches, camos, and Titan noseart and warpaints to customize their appearance. Finally, Respawn will be providing a free weekend for new players to try out Titanfall 2 for themselves starting March 30 and running through April 3. The Colony Reborn update launches March 30.",0
5727,Climate Change Conversations Are Targeted in Questionnaire to Energy Department - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump’s transition team has circulated an unusual   questionnaire at the Department of Energy that requests the names of all employees and contractors who have attended climate change policy conferences, as well as emails and documents associated with the conferences. In question after question, the document peppers Energy Department managers with pointed queries about climate science research, clean energy programs and the employees who work for those programs. More broadly, the questionnaire hints at a significant shift of emphasis at the agency toward nuclear power, and a push to commercialize the research of the Energy Department’s laboratories, long considered the crown jewels of federal science. Energy Department employees, who shared the questionnaire with The New York Times and spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly, described the questionnaire as worrying. Mr. Trump has just tapped Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma and a climate change denialist, to head the Environmental Protection Agency, and the   has made it clear he intends to roll back eight years of regulatory efforts by President Obama that aimed to control   emissions. The questionnaire “suggests the Trump administration plans a witch hunt for civil servants who’ve simply been doing their jobs,” Robert Weissman, president of the watchdog group Public Citizen, said in a statement. “Democrats and Republicans alike should unite to condemn any action that intimidates, threatens or retaliates against civil servants for lawfully doing their jobs. ” Michael McKenna, a former Energy Department official in George W. Bush’s administration who initially led Mr. Trump’s Energy Department transition, saw nothing amiss. “If meetings happened and important stuff was decided, voters have a right to know,” said Mr. McKenna, who stepped down after Mr. Trump banned working lobbyists from the transition. “It’s not a matter of national security. The transition is not asking about nuclear weapons. They are asking about meetings about modeling for God’s sake. ” The questionnaire requests “a list of all Department of Energy employees or contractors who have attended any Interagency Working Group meetings” to design a measurement known as the Social Cost of Carbon, a figure used by the Obama administration to measure the economic effects of carbon dioxide pollution, and to justify the economic cost of climate regulations. That question goes on to demand “a list of when those meetings were” as well as “emails associated with those meetings. ” A separate question asks for “a list of Department employees or contractors who attended any” United Nations climate change conference “in the last five years. ” Still another inquires about which office led the department’s efforts to complete the   nuclear weapons deal with Iran. Even the Energy Information Administration, the department’s independent statistics office, was not immune. The questionnaire demands justification for the office’s measurements of the nation’s carbon dioxide pollution. “In the Annual Energy Outlook 2016, E. I. A. assumed that the Clean Power Plan should be in the reference case despite the fact that the reference case is based on existing laws and regulations,” the questionnaire reads. “Why did the E. I. A. make that assumption, which seems to be atypical of past forecasts?” Several other questions focus on the national scientific laboratories, including queries on highest salaries, outside evaluation of research and commercialization programs for their research. It is not clear whether similar questionnaires were circulated at other cabinet agencies, or whether the questionnaire was the product of a particularly zealous landing team at the Energy Department. Press officers at the Environmental Protection Agency and the Interior Department, the main agencies responsible for implementing climate policy, said those agencies had not received questionnaires. The Trump transition office did not respond to requests for comment. But former Energy Department employees and presidential transition officials said that while it is normal for presidential transition teams to ask policy questions, it is highly unusual to send out questionnaires. The requests for lists of specific employees involved in shaping climate policy is irregular and alarming, they said, given that on the campaign trail Mr. Trump clearly showed his skepticism of climate change science and his hostility to climate change policy. “A lot of these questions make perfect sense,” said Jonathan Levy, a former deputy chief of staff of the Energy Department in the Obama administration. “They have to get their heads around what responsibilities they will have and don’t have. The thing that’s unsettling are the questions that appear to be targeting personnel for doing public service. ” John Podesta, a former White House chief of staff who led Mr. Obama’s transition, wrote in an email, “To the best of my knowledge, no one in the ’08 transition asked questions about meeting attendance. ” Max Stier, an expert on presidential transitions and the president of Partnership for Public Service, a research organization, said: “The new president will come in with new policies that he’ll pursue, but that’s different from identifying civil servants who are responsible for following through on policies set by the previous political leadership. And they’re not going to be effective without working well with the career team. ” Mr. McKenna said Energy Department employees had nothing to fear. “The career staff at D. O. E. is great. There’s not a soul in the world who wants to do any harm to those guys. ” Beyond the targeted questions about climate change, the questionnaire also appears to offer a broad map of the Trump administration’s policy goals for the Energy Department. Several questions signal an intent to downsize the department, including queries about existing vacancies and the number of assistant energy secretaries that are mandated by law. One question requests recommendations to implement a 10 percent budget reduction over the next four years. The questionnaire also suggests a new emphasis on nuclear power, including queries about supporting the operation of existing nuclear reactors preventing the premature closing of nuclear plants increasing research and development of advanced nuclear reactors and moving forward with plans to license nuclear waste disposal at Nevada’s Yucca Mountain, which was shut down by the Obama administration. One question touches on the department’s support for “offshore wind,” a particular interest for Mr. Trump, who is fighting wind turbines off the coast of one of his golf courses in Scotland. The Energy Department’s national laboratories are largely focused on   scientific research, but several questions seem to indicate an interest in pushing the research in a commercial direction, including a request to the labs for a list of licensing agreements and royalty proceeds over the last five years. In the immediate   War years, the Clinton administration pushed the labs to partner with private companies on commercial research, but the Bush administration saw those efforts as government intervention in the free market.   Trump has shown no concern for such intervention.",0
5729,"While Americans Fight Over Which Clown to Elect, Russia Deployed Its Largest Fleet Since the Cold War","Having been subjected to the intellectually insulting shit show of a third and, thankfully, final debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump — likely the two most despised candidates in U.S. electoral history — it’s now imperative Americans train their attention to rapidly unfolding events which, by every indication, comprise blaring alarm bells of impending world war. 
Via AnonHQ 

And no, despite scaremongering to the contrary, this war — centered around superpowers Russia and the United States — would not inevitably devolve into the hurling of nuclear missiles. In fact, the likelihood of no-holds-barred nuclear war is, at best, negligible — but the odds of unhindered conventional warfare have increased markedly over the past week.
Scroll Down For Video Below A senior NATO diplomat, who spoke with Reuters under condition of anonymity and cited ‘Western intelligence,’ gave the startling assessment Wednesday that Russia is “deploying all of the Northern fleet and much of the Baltic fleet in the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.
“This is not a friendly port call. In two weeks, we will see a crescendo of air attacks on Aleppo as part of Russia’s strategy to declare victory there.”
Indeed, Russian ally Syrian President Bashar al-Assad eagerly accepted President Vladimir Putin’s military assistance in its chaotic and complex conflict, which largely involves U.S.-created and Saudi Arabia-funded Islamic State militants; U.S.-trained and armed ‘moderate rebel’ terrorists; Syrian government forces; and the altogether controversial Western-backed, Saudi-led coalition. Considering the decimation taking place, that assistance is absolutely justifiable.
Of course, that farcically simplified explanation requires the contextualization of an intricate web of extenuating circumstances — nearly any one of which could spark a powderkeg.
Russian military endeavors in Syria have already earned a vow by the U.S. to defend itself — and by logical extension, that would include whichever rebel groups it considers ‘moderate’ enough not to deserve being targeted. With Russia planning an all-in offensive, some analysts have warned, the Pentagon could facilely decide to undertake direct ‘defensive’ measures.
At the heart of the U.S.’ multi-fronted proxy war with Russia sits a highly-propagandized, baseless narrative of “Russian aggression” — a claim thoroughly saturating American political rhetoric to shift both focus and blame from the true substantive aggressor the world over: the United States.
Save for scanty disagreement from Western-centric analysts, this American aggression — marked by an obstinate quest for dominance and control — has us all perilously hurtling for needless war on a global scale.
And needless, if not highly suspect, aptly characterizes the U.S. recent destruction of several strategic radar sites inside Yemen following dubious claims the U.S.S. Mason had come under missile attack by Iran-allied Shi’a Houthi rebels. Although American politicians and corporate media swiftly proffered those claims as steel truth — even amid a nascent investigation by the Pentagon — the Department of Defense’s own preliminary statement cast doubt about veracity.
“The initial thoughts is that this [attack] was aimed at them,” DoD spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis statedshortly after the purported incident last Tuesday.
Nonetheless, the belligerent move by the U.S. spurred Iran to deploy an entire fleet of military vessels to the same Gulf of Aden waters from whence the response attack had been launched.
Now, despite the abrupt and official military entree into the Yemeni war, Reuters reported, the “Pentagon declined to say on Monday whether the USS Mason destroyer was targeted by multiple inbound missiles fired from Yemen on Saturday, as initially thought, saying a review was under way to determine what happened.”
But the U.S. propaganda machine truly hit a fever pitch today, thanks to an altogether shady exclusive report courtesy of Reuters — amplifying an altogether unproven claim Iran has been directly supplying Houthi rebels with missiles, arms, and ‘cash.’
In fact an unsurprisingly unnamed and unverifiable “senior U.S. administration official” delivered an accusation of potentially staggering consequence, telling Reuters:
“We have been concerned about the recent flow of weapons from Iran into Yemen and have conveyed those concerns to those who maintain relations with the Houthis, including the Omani government.”
Oman, of course, flatly denies such allegations.
“There is no truth to this,” Omani Foreign Minister Yousef bin Alwi told Saudi newspaper Okaz in an interview last week. “No weapons have crossed our border and we are ready to clarify any suspicions if they arise.”
In fact, though Reuters cites several anonymous diplomats and officials, the accusation Iran has been supplying anything directly to the Houthis has yet to be unassailably proven — and such reports do little more than proffer a narrative suitable not only to maintain new U.S. military endeavors in Yemen, but to recklessly provoke a proxy Iranian conflict.
Such psychological operations are, of course, not unusual for the United States — and extend to a statement given by President Barack Obama on Tuesday concerning Russia.
In a blatant attempt to discredit Donald Trump for a supposed fondness for Putin, Obama, as usual, invoked the Russian aggression narrative — however, this spiel came complete with a pointedly significant re-characterization about the Russian military.
“We think that Russia is a large, important country with a military that is second only to ours and has to be a part of the solution on the world stage rather than part of the problem,” the president explained, surreptitiously upgrading the Cold War foe’s capabilities than its previous status as mere “regional power” in umpteen previous statements.
This not-at-all-minor point most does effectively two things: grows in less cagey American minds the palpability and thus legitimacy of a Russian threat, and renews Cold War propaganda pitting two global superpowers as mortal enemies — ostensibly setting up a pre-justification to act in even pre-emptive self-defense anywhere on the planet this proxy war plays out.
Additionally, in a matter of weeks, disfavor over U.S.’ actions has cemented military and other alliances between a quickly mounting number of former, longstanding American allies and other traditional Western foes — the vast majority of which align with Russia.
After a subtly significant geopolitical snub during a meeting of the U.N. Security Council to negotiate a ceasefire in Syria, which infuriated Saudi Arabia, Egypt fomented a friendly military relationship with UNSC presiding body, Russia.
“[F]or the first time,” beginning October 15, Reuters reported, “joint drills between Egyptian and Russian paratrooper units” began in Egypt, and will continue through the 26th. Further, the growing rift with Saudi Arabia indicated Egypt might have been weighing options for a different ally for some time. Reuters wrote:
“A halt to shipments of Saudi fuel to Egypt under a $23 billion aid deal shows that a rift between the Arab world’s richest country and its most populous may be deeper than previously thought, which could leave Egypt desperate for a new sponsor.”
Egypt hasn’t been alone in jumping ship — and the Middle East isn’t the sole locus of conflict.
During a four-day visit at the invitation of Chinese President Xi Jinping this week — amid deteriorating relations with the United States — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asserted it is “only China that can help us.”
This massive shift in alignment could have highly consequent repercussions in the territorial dispute over the South China Sea — another conflict in which the U.S. has embroiled itself in several proxy wars, including Russian-backed China.
In fact, although the Philippines had been at the center of that quarrel, unnamed Chinese officials prior to the ongoing meeting announced China would “consider giving Filipino fishermen conditional access to disputed waters in the South China Sea after the presidents of the two countries meet in Beijing this week.”
Now, following through on intimations the Philippines would cleave from the West, Duterte just made a historic and stunning announcement today, to an auditorium in Beijing packed with over 200 Chinese and Philippine business people, including Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli:
“In this venue, your honours, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States. Both in military, not maybe social, but economics also. America has lost.”
He added, “I’ve realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to Russia to talk to [President Vladimir] Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world — China, Philippines and Russia. It’s the only way.”
As another geostrategic and commercial waterway of international importance, the South China Sea’s role in the U.S. proxy war is second only to the Red Sea and access to it — but the presence of American naval vessels in both those waters and neighboring East China Sea has been deemed an aggressive threat by China and its strengthening ally Russia, as well as North Korea.
Joint naval and military drills conducted by the U.S. and ally South Korea and the planned installation of the U.S.’ Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, missile system along the latter’s borders inflamed tensions with North Korea — who has been testing ballistic missiles for months, much to the consternation of the two nations and ally, Japan.
On Wednesday, in response to this perceived aggression, North Korea issued a severe admonishment to the two countries that even “minor signs of aggression” would greenlight Pyongyang to flatten Seoul in a defensive first-strike nuclear attack.
“It has been too long a time since our revolutionary armed forces switched to a principle of pre-emptive strike in the conduct of war, in response to the aggressive war provocations of our enemies,”Pyongyang stated, as cited by UPI, ominously adding a “ruthless pre-emptive strike is to be applied even in the face of minor signs of aggression.”
Not known for backing down from delicate situations, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry declared its intent to deploy THAAD “as soon as possible,” after meeting with South Korean officials in Washington, and told the press:
“Let me be clear. Any attack on the United States or its allies will be defeated, and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with an effective and overwhelming response. “We do not, and we will not, accept North Korea as a nuclear-armed state.”
Leaving nothing open to misinterpretation, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter clarified in a separate press statement that, in defense of Seoul, the United States guaranteed “full spectrum” use of its response capabilities — meaning nuclear missiles are anything but off the table.
Shortly afterward, according to NBC News, “U.S. Strategic Command said it had detected what it believed to be a failed missile launch near the northwestern North Korean city of Kusong.” Director of the North Korean Foreign Ministry’s Institute for American Studies, Lee Yong Pil, told NBC News Pyongyang will absolutely strike first if Pyongyang perceives it necessary, saying,
“The U.S. has nuclear weapons off our coast, targeting our country, our capital and our dear leader, Kim Jong Un. We will not step back as long as there’s a nuclear threat to us from the United States.” South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se, saying its allies would employ “all tools in the toolkit” for defense, asserted,
“What is most important is to continuously demonstrate our capability and deterrence with our commitment and actions so that Pyongyang can feel the panic under their skins.” North Korea might be known for blustery rhetoric it refuses to back with significant action — but continued provocation by the United States might elicit a response far more detrimental than words.
",0
5730,"Zoey, the wonder dog makes a political statement – an exclusive UnReal Times report","Zoey, the wonder dog makes a political statement – an exclusive UnReal Times report Posted on Tweet 
A cousin of mine, an ardent dog lover who dotes on his pet female golden retriever Zoey, has recently been observing some unusual behavioural changes in his pet. Normally of placid and amiable temperament, like most retrievers, she was quite happy to be fed regularly, thrown the odd bone and tickled under the tummy every now and then. Even visits to the vet was like a jolly excursion for her. “But over the last month or so, while we were watching television after dinner, she would start behaving strangely”, observed my cousin, restlessly tugging at his forelock. 
As a regular contributor to UnReal Times (URT), my columnist’s bloodhound instincts took over, as I clearly saw the beginnings of a major newsbreak, outside the world of sordid politics, boringly one sided cricket and just plain boring Bollywood. At least, that’s what I figured, when I decided to probe my cousin further on Zoey’s curious antics. Since this relative was reluctant to give out his real name to URT’s massive readership, we’ll just call him VK. Here he is, being interviewed by your intrepid reporter. 
URT – “Hi VK, tell us more about Zoey and the television. What gives?” 
VK – “Well it’s like this. When we put the TV on, the first thing Zoey usually does is lie down and go to sleep. Unfailingly. But in recent times, she has been sitting bolt upright and making a variety of different sounds. I thought of calling my vet, until my wife shushed me and said listen carefully and watch Zoey closely”. 
URT – “And then what happened? The suspense is killing me”. 
VK – “Patience, brother. All will be revealed. It took us a while to detect a pattern, but then things started unraveling. Whenever the Prime Minister came on screen and spoke, Zoey would wag her tail vigorously, joyously yelping the while, leap on to our bed, give us a lick or two and, for all the world, look like she had been offered a huge leg of mutton”. 
URT – “Wow, that is really weird. What else?” 
VK – “When Arvind Kejriwal appeared on TV, Zoey would go all still, crouch like a tiger advancing on its prey, and emit a fearful, elongated growl, baring her fangs, prior to barking her head off. And wouldn’t stop barking till Kejriwal was off screen. And when the PM appeared again, it was back to tail wagging and whimpering”. 
URT – “This is scary, man. Is Zoey psychic?” 
VK – “Wait, you haven’t heard it all. The same hostile body language Zoey exhibited with Kejriwal, she pretty much repeated with RaGa. I tried telling her RaGa is such a sweet, baby faced young chap, but no. It was all a-barking and a-growling. Kejri all over again. Ditto with Akhilesh Yadav and his dad, Sonia Gandhi and Mamata Banerjee. Even the image that went viral, supposedly of one of our ailing political leaders, and turned out to be that of an inert patient from Lima in Peru lying in a coma in her hospital bed for over seven years, could not soothe our Zoey”. 
URT – “This is too good, yaar. And….?” 
VK – “The moment either Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley or Sambit Patra came on screen, she was back to her happy jumping up and down”. 
URT – “ Elementary, my dear VK. This can mean only one thing. Our Zoey is a confirmed BJP bhakt. Didn’t you tell me last time that she loves mutton, chicken, pork, fish etc., but shies away from beef?” 
VK – “Did I? Now you’re being ridiculous.” 
While we were having this discussion in VK’s terrace garden, we heard a blood curdling series of high pitched whinnying and manic barking coming from the TV room. 
VK – ”Looks like Zoe’s gone nuts. Wonder who’s on TV now?” 
We both rushed towards the TV room. To our surprise, we found Zoey cowering under the couch, whimpering in terror, while surprisingly the barking still continued. We turned around looking for the source and found Arnab Goswami on screen shaking his fists and fulminating against those criticizing the Government for surgically striking the enemy. I looked at VK, he looked at me. 
URT – “Better switch off the TV.” 
VK – “Yeah. Good idea.” Tweet About Suresh Subrahmanyan 
Bangalore based brand communications consultant, occasional columnist, deeply interested in western classical and Carnatic music and 70s pop and rock, follow cricket and tennis, and an avid fan of P.G. Wodehouse.",0
5731,Reporter Calls Out Publisher (Donald Trump’s Son-in-Law) Over Anti-Semitism - The New York Times,"On Tuesday morning, Dana Schwartz, a culture reporter for The New York Observer, sent a pitch to the paper’s editor in chief. After posting a message on Twitter criticizing Donald J. Trump for using an image of Hillary Clinton with a shape resembling the Star of David and a pile of cash, Ms. Schwartz spent the Fourth of July weekend getting trolled by   Trump supporters. Now she wanted to write about the experience. “I feel an obligation to use whatever platform is available to me to bring that hatred out of the shadows, acknowledging it and discussing it,” Ms. Schwartz wrote to the editor, Ken Kurson. Mr. Kurson responded swiftly, she said, with a single word: “Go. ” He didn’t see the piece until it was published online. It may not have been what Mr. Kurson was expecting. It did not simply criticize Mr. Trump’s   supporters. It called out Mr. Trump’s Orthodox Jewish    and de facto campaign manager, Jared Kushner  —   the owner of The Observer. “I’m asking you, not as a ‘gotcha’ journalist or as a liberal but as a human being: how do you allow this?” Ms. Schwartz wrote in the piece, which was published as an open letter to the owner. “Because, Mr. Kushner, you are allowing this. ” Mr. Kushner is married to Mr. Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka. She converted to Judaism before their wedding, and they are raising their children Jewish. Though he has no political experience and no official role in the campaign, Mr. Kushner  has emerged in recent months as one of Mr. Trump’s most influential advisers, even as the Trump campaign has been embraced by   and other hate groups. Neither Mr. Trump nor Mr. Kushner have denounced the hate messages, many of which have been directed at Jewish journalists who have written about the campaign. “Mr. Kushner, I invite you to look through all of those images in the slide show above, the vast majority sent in your   ’s name,” Ms. Schwartz wrote, referring to some of the   Twitter posts she had received over the weekend. “Right now, this hate is directed to one of your employees, but the message applies equally to your wife and daughter. ” “And now, Mr. Kushner, I ask you,” she wrote. “What are you going to do about this?” In an interview Tuesday, Ms. Schwartz acknowledged that the piece  —   headlined: “An Open Letter to Jared Kushner, From One of Your Jewish Employees”  —   was not quite what she had pitched to Mr. Kurson, and that she did not know if he would have approved had he known. “It did evolve as I wrote it,” she said. “I didn’t do it for fear that Ken wouldn’t sign off, but I agree it definitely makes it a little more incendiary. I got angrier as I wrote it. ” It was not clear whether Mr. Kurson, an old friend of the Kushner family, felt misled. He didn’t reply to a phone call and email seeking comment Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Trump has denied that the image he posted  —   and quickly deleted  —   on Saturday was   saying that the   shape was not meant to be a Star of David, but could just as plausibly be a sheriff’s badge or a plain star. In a statement, Mr. Kushner did not directly address Ms. Schwartz’s criticism, but he defended his    as “an incredibly loving and tolerant person who has embraced my family and our Judaism since I began dating my wife. ” “I know that Donald does not subscribe at all to any racist or   thinking,” Mr. Kushner wrote. In an interview, Ms. Schwartz said she was not blaming Mr. Kushner for Mr. Trump’s Twitter post. “But I wanted him to see the consequences of these ‘mistakes’ the Trump campaign makes that white supremacists celebrate as confirmation of their positions,” she said. “The ‘Jewish   ’ is seen as a Get Out of Jail Free card for many people, and he’s tacitly permitting that. And I, as a fellow Jew and one of his employees, genuinely wondered how he could hide behind such willful ignorance. ” Asked if she was still employed by the paper, Ms. Schwartz replied, “I hope so. ”",0
5732,Army says 2-star general committed suicide,"Army says 2-star general committed suicide 10/31/2016 
MSN 
The Army said Friday it has determined that suicide was the cause of death of a two-star general who was found dead in his home on a military base in Alabama. 
Maj. Gen. John Rossi was found dead July 31 at Redstone Arsenal, two days before he was to assume command of Army Space and Missile Defense Command. 
He is the first Army general to commit suicide on active duty since record-keeping began in 2000, according to the Army. Military suicides soared earlier this decade and remain a major source of concern; they typically have affected lower-ranking military members. 
Rossi, a West Point academy graduate and an air defense artillery officer by training, had just moved onto Redstone Arsenal and was scheduled to be promoted to lieutenant general when he took command of Space and Missile Defense Command. 
A written statement by the Army on Friday made no mention of what might have prompted Rossi to take his own life. 
The Rossi family issued a statement through the Army expressing thanks for wide support and urging those who may need suicide-prevention help to seek it immediately. 
“To the Army, he was Maj. Gen. Rossi,” it said. “To us, he was John — husband, dad.” 
“We ask for the time and space to grieve in private, and for the Army to continue to better understand suicide, and to help and treat those in need,” the family statement added. “For our family, this has been an incredibly painful time, and we ask that you continue to keep us in your thoughts and prayers. To all the other families out there, to the man or woman who may be facing challenging times, please seek assistance immediately. Compassionate and confidential assistance is available.”",0
5733,Palestinian Factions Hail Deadly Jerusalem Terrorist Attack: ‘Praise Be To The Pure Martyrs’ - Breitbart,"Palestinian factions and terrorist groups hailed an attack carried out by three terrorists that killed a female Israeli police officer in Jerusalem on Friday and wounded others nearby. [The attack took place near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem’s Old City and saw three Palestinian terrorists armed with knives and guns open fire and start stabbing those nearby, critically wounding Hadas Malka, 23, a policewomen who died of her wounds. Others were wounded in the assault, and all three terrorists were shot dead by Israeli security forces at the scene.  The Islamic State used its Amaq news agency to claim that “soldiers of the caliphate” attacked a “gathering of Jews. ” Hamas rejected the IS claim of responsibility while Israeli officials expressed skepticism over the IS statement. The Islamic Palestinian factions praised the combined attack, with an Islamic Jihad spokesman Dahoud Shihab saying in a statement released immediately after the terrorist event that “The martyr’s blood that was spilled at the gates of the   Mosque is a clear message that the intifada continues and that the Palestinian people will not give up. ” Shihab praised “the pure martyrs who were killed while fasting,” and noted that the attack in Jerusalem “is proof that Jerusalem is the land of the jihad. Praise be to the pure martyrs who rose up to defend the purity and sanctity of the blessed land while screaming in the faces of all those who seek normalization. ” Hamas also praised the attack in Jerusalem. Hazem Qassem, one of Hamas’ spokesmen, said in a special statement that the attack was additional proof “that our Palestinian nation continues its revolution against the criminal occupation and that the intifada will continue until we achieve full freedom. ” According to him, the death of the three terrorists “is proof that the occupation is the true face of terror, terror against which the Palestinian nation is exercising its right to defend itself and its holy places. ” The Abou Ali Mustafa Brigades, the military arm of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, also praised the attack and called the carnage “a natural response to the crimes of the continuing occupation against our people. ” “The act sends a clear message to the leaders of the occupation that the opposition and the intifada continue and are revitalized and we haven’t been broken despite all the steps and tools of criminal oppression,” the statement added.  The terrorist organization called for the Palestinian people “to continue the heroic attacks that spill the blood of the occupation and to continue supporting the resistance. ” Israeli “occupation” refers to Israel’s presence in the West Bank, home to historic Jewish communities like Hebron and Beit El, as well as Israel’s control over eastern Jerusalem, which contains the Temple Mount and Western Wall. Instead of condemning the terrorist attack, the Fatah movement, led by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, slammed what it called “the killing of three young Palestinians by the forces of the Israel occupation in East Jerusalem. ” Fatah was referring to the three terrorists who were eliminated in the middle of carrying out their murderous assault against Israelis. The statement, published by the movement in the official WAFA Palestinian news agency, added that the deaths of the three attackers represents “the continuation of Israeli policies of escalation and is proof that the Israeli occupation government is continuing its policies. ” Abbas’s Fatah movement called “for the Israeli occupation government to immediately cease the escalation that does not serve the security or stability of the region. ” The movement further called on the international community “to seriously consider the possibility of security international protection for the innocent Palestinian people. ”",0
5734,"What These 3 Parts In The Little Finger Mean…. If You Have Them, You Will Be Surprised","BLOG What These 3 Parts In The Little Finger Mean…. If You Have Them, You Will Be Surprised posted by Eddie Every finger is comprised of three bones known as phalanges. Each one of the phalanges separates the finger into three separate sections. These sections appear as deep horizontal lines across your fingers. Every person has these phalanges, but you may have noticed that not every one is of the same length. In palmistry, it is believed that the length of each section can reveal a great deal about a person’s personality. The little finger in particular is touted as an accurate guide for not only a person’s personality, but how they communicate with the world. This finger is often known as the Mercury finger. You might know it as the pinky finger. First part of your little finger If the first part of your little finger or pinky finger is longer than the other parts of your little finger then it depicts that you are an impressive person due to which people gets easily impressed by you and attract towards you. People of these kind judges the other person easily about how the person standing in front of them really is. Second part of the little finger If the second part of your little finger or pinky finger is longer than the other parts then it depicts that you are a caring and loving person who loves to care about the people who belongs to him/her in any way. People of these kinds are compassionate in nature. On the other side if the second part or the middle part of your finger is smaller than the other ones than it depicts that you are a stubborn person who don’t like a bit to change even a little for anything. Third part of the little finger If the third part of the little finger or pinky finger is smaller than the other parts then it depicts that you are a person who is loaded with benevolent characteristics. You rarely become angry on someone and solve the problems calmly. You are a soft speaking person who is also honest in his entire life.It depicts that you can trust the people easily thinking that he will also be honest like you. Source:",0
5735,Ted Cruz Cleaned Sally Yates’s Clock. Here’s Why. - Breitbart,"On Monday, in a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) exposed former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates’s ignorance of the law, and the partisan nature of her decision to refuse to enforce President Donald Trump’s executive order suspending travel from several   countries. [One would not know that from the liberal media, which thinks Yates won the exchange, but Cruz proved his case decisively.  Here’s why  —   in short: Cruz brought up the law that authorized the executive order, and Yates did not recognize it. She then answered by referring to another law, which does not supersede the first. She then tried to argue that the order was unconstitutional, but Cruz pointed out that her argument was a partisan one, driven by her own policy views. She then claimed no court would enforce the order  —   which is contradicted by the fact that one actually did. The left thinks Yates won the exchange because she was   with a set of talking points, and offered a snappy response. That shows how desperate Democrats are to salvage something out of the hearing  —   which failed to produce any new evidence to back up their Russian conspiracy theories  —   and also how urgently they need to find new champions. It does not change the fact that Cruz was completely correct, and Yates was completely wrong. Here is a more detailed explanation, with a transcript of the relevant portion of the exchange, as well as a video (which the leftist who posted it called “Sally Yates Owns And Humilates Ted Cruz During Russia Hearing”). Cruz: Well, are you familiar with 8 U. S. C. section 1182? Yates: Not off the top of my head, no. Think about that for a moment: the government’s chief lawyer was unfamiliar with the law that was the basis for the executive order, and which has been the basis of the government’s arguments in court in every one of the cases that she later cited. To a lay observer, asking about “8 U. S. C. section 1182” may sound like asking about a minor league baseball player’s batting average in 1987. But a senior lawyer involved in the issue should know exactly what Cruz was talking about  —   especially as the statute is referred to explicitly in the second version of the executive order. Yates later said she is familiar with that law, but the fact that she did not recognize it suggests she was so biased that she had not bothered to familiarize herself in any detail with the legal arguments on the other side of the issue. Cruz: Well, it is the binding statutory authority for the executive order that you refused to implement, and that led to your termination. So it is certainly a relevant and not a terribly obscure statute. By express text of the statute, it says, “whenever the president finds that the entry of any alien or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation and for such period as he shall deem necessary suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem appropriate. ” Would you agree that that is broad statutory authorization? Yates: I would, and I am familiar with that, and I’m also familiar with an additional provision of the INA [Immigration and Nationality Act] that says “no person shall receive preference or be discriminated against in issuance of a visa because of race, nationality, or place of birth,” that I believe was promulgated after the statute that you just quoted, and that’s been part of the discussion with the courts with respect to the INA, is whether this more specific statute trumps the first one that you just described. The law Yates cited was passed in 1965 as an amendment to the law Cruz cited, which was passed in 1952. There are some lawyers who argue that the 1965 amendment supersedes the provisions Cruz cited. However, no president has ever treated the law that way. In fact, every single Democratic president since then has used the provision that Cruz cited, specifically to exclude or restrict travelers from specific countries from entering the United States. An essay in Time magazine  —   of all places  —   pointed out some examples earlier this year. Most notably, President Jimmy Carter barred Iranians from traveling to the United States, with rare exceptions, using the same provision that Cruz cited. Logically, Yates’s argument also makes no sense. If the U. S. cannot discriminate among immigrants on the basis of nationality, that would invalidate federal immigration policy as a whole  —   hardly Congress’s intent. Yates: But my concern was not an INA concern here. It rather was a constitutional concern, whether or not this  —   the executive order here violated the Constitution, specifically with the Establishment Clause, with Equal Protection and Due Process. The argument that Trump’s executive order was unconstitutional is, at best, debatable, and most likely just wrong. Even if he had opted for an explicit “Muslim ban,” as he suggested he would after the Paris terror attacks in 2015 (before amending that policy later) that would also have been constitutional, as Breitbart News pointed out at the time. Our immigration laws already discriminate on the basis of religion, both for and against particular faiths. Cruz: There is no doubt the arguments you laid out are arguments that we can expect litigants to bring, partisan litigants who disagree with the policy decision of the president. I would note, on January 27, 2017, the Department of Justice issued an official legal decision, a determination by the Office of Legal Counsel that the executive order, and I’ll quote from the opinion, “The proposed order is approved with respect to form and legality. ” That’s a determination from OLC on January 27th that it was legal. Three days later, you determined, using your own words, that although OLC had opined on legality, it had not addressed whether it was “wise or just. ” Cruz pointed out exactly why Yates deserved to be fired. Her job was not to make an argument against the order, but to enforce the order, even if there was a chance that it would be found unconstitutional, as long as there was some basis to claim that it was constitutional and lawful, which the Office of Legal Counsel determined it was. The Obama administration took many actions that were unconstitutional, and which the Department of Justice nevertheless defended to the hilt. In N. L. R. B. v. Noel Canning (2014) for example, the U. S. Supreme Court ruled unanimously that President Barack Obama had violated the Constitution by arrogating to himself the power to declare when the Senate was in recess, for the purpose of making presidential appointments. Did Sally Yates offer to resign when the Department of Justice moved ahead with defending that hopeless case? Of course she did not. Yates: And I also said, in that same directive, Senator, that I was not convinced it was lawful. I also made the point that the office of OLC looks purely at the face of the document, and again makes a determination as to whether there is some set of circumstances under which some portion of that EO would be enforceable, would be lawful. There was, in fact, such a set of circumstances, as proven by the decision by a federal court in Massachusetts to deny a temporary restraining order against the executive order. The judge found that the president “has exercised his broad authority under 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f),” and added that “this Court declines to encroach upon the ‘delicate policy judgment’ inherent in immigration decisions. ” Democrats do not like to cite that case, for obvious reasons. Yates: They, importantly, do not look outside the face of the document. And in this particular instance, where we were talking particularly about a fundamental issue of religious freedom, not the interpretation of some arcane statute, but religious freedom, it was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the president’s actions. And the intent is laid out in his statements  …     Note how Yates dismissed the law that was the basis for the executive order as “some arcane statute. ” She also decided that the president’s statements on the campaign trail  —   statements that he later walked back  —   were somehow within her purview. She cited religious freedom  —   but, again, did she resign when the Department of Justice was called upon to defend Obama’s intrusions on religious freedom, as in the Little Sisters of the Poor case? She did not. Her answers to Cruz reveal that Sally Yates did not care about the law, did not care about her oath, and did not care about the Constitution as much as she cared about taking a political stand against the new president.  Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5736,Saved From Holocaust: ‘He Loved Me and He Wanted to Keep Me’ - The New York Times,"On Valentine’s Day, couples often reminisce about that moment they knew they would stay together, whether during a vacation, over a fancy dinner or, perhaps, while meeting their future  . For Isaac and Rosa Blum, who became teenage sweethearts 75 years ago in a ghetto in   Poland, that moment came as they and thousands of other terrified Jews were being herded to a death camp by Nazi soldiers. “I saw her walking in front of me,” Mr. Blum recalled. “I went up to the German and told him, ‘That’s my sister,’ even though she was my girlfriend. ” Miraculously, they were both pulled off the line and managed to survive the Holocaust by working as slave laborers in a munitions factory. The following 70 years have been a cinch by comparison, the couple said on Monday in their   house in the Manhattan Beach neighborhood of Brooklyn. He is 94, and she is a year younger. Asked to recount their lengthy love affair, they noted the absurdity of couching it  —   a romance incubated in the hell of the Holocaust  —   in the frilly trappings of Valentine’s Day. “You have a mixed story here  —   you won’t be able to put them together,” Mr. Blum said, even while acknowledging that, yes, it was young, bold love that prodded him to stand up to a Nazi guard and save his sweetheart from being sent to the Treblinka death camp. A hasty marriage followed, and then a horrific honeymoon of sorts: stealing glances and brief exchanges under the stern watch of armed guards. By 1941, the Nazis had taken over the Polish city of Czestochowa and established a ghetto of about 45, 000 Jews. It was in this grim setting that the two met, flirted, gathered with friends, played records and danced together. By autumn 1942, the Nazis were rounding up Jews for extermination. Mr. Blum was pulled from the line to work in the factory, while his family was pushed onward toward the trains bound for Treblinka. He would never see his family again. In that chaotic, horrific moment, he spied Rosa, brazenly approached a Nazi officer and tried to save the teenage girl up ahead walking with her family. A Nazi soldier grabbed her and asked if she was Isaac’s sister, as he had claimed. She said yes. “I was young and strong and able to work,” she said. “He said, ‘Come with me,’ and I was pulled out of the line. ” The memories are still vivid and bitter today, but the silver lining is that they still have each other to grow old with, living largely independently and doting on each other. He calls her a Polish term of affection that translates to “old one. ” She calls him simply Blum, and makes his favorite soups every day. Mr. Blum is a   type who considers holding hands silly and, truth be told, has little use for Valentine’s Day. “He’s not very romantic,” Mrs. Blum said, but his thoughtfulness reveals itself in little gifts and almost begrudging acts of tenderness. “We have a different point of view, but somehow we’ve survived,” she said. “What keeps us together are the quarrels. That’s the cement of a marriage. ” “I love him in spite of all his defects,” she said. “It’s not so easy, but I wouldn’t change him for somebody else. ” They are both sharp and physically and socially active, even if they are no longer the strapping youngsters who were selected for labor by the Nazis. With their families sent to their deaths, they were placed in a smaller ghetto of about 5, 000 Jews and, the lie about being siblings never detected, they were issued a marriage license so they could live briefly in a residence for couples before being separated in different barracks at the factory site, which was patrolled by armed guards. They toiled long hours, she as a welder and he as an electrician, which gave him the chance to approach her workstation to share covert glances. They treasured their few minutes of contact during “  lunch,” Mrs. Blum recalled. “We didn’t know if we were going to live, so we wanted to be together,” he said. When word filtered out that most Jews were being killed at death camps, they were incredulous, and counted themselves lucky despite their misery. “We didn’t know you could build factories to kill people,” Mr. Blum said. “We didn’t want to believe it. ” As Mrs. Blum fixed lunch for her husband on Monday, she said she still had nightmares about the horrors, which included being   with a group of women while German soldiers watched and laughed. And she was in a medical ward after being pushed down some stairs by a Nazi. She shared the ward with a young Jewish woman who tried to hide her pregnancy from the Nazis. Jewish nurses drowned the newborn in a bucket, fearing that the baby’s cries would doom them all. After being liberated by the Allies near the end of the war in 1945, the couple stayed in a displaced persons camp and were married a second time, by a city official in Austria with borrowed rings. Soon after, they managed to buy their own rings with a silver coin they had hidden for months. The two rings wore down over the years, and the Blums never replaced them. They moved to Argentina and were married a third time, in a more proper service. They had two children and then moved in 1963 to New York City, where Mr. Blum opened a furrier business, with Mrs. Blum doing much of the handiwork. They stay busy through programs for Holocaust survivors offered by Selfhelp Community Services, which is partly financed by   of New York and the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany. Reflecting on why he risked his life by approaching the Nazi soldier that day in 1942, Mr. Blum said simply, “I wanted to be with her. ” Then, Mrs. Blum looked adoringly at her unromantic,    savior and said, “They could have killed him right away on the spot, but he loved me and he wanted to keep me. ”",0
5737,"Milan Fashion Week, Day 3: At Armani, Expect Signature Tailoring and Evening Wear ... but No Fur - The New York Times","And so to Friday, the end of the working week for some but not for the nomads of the fashion tribe, who have just reached the halfway point of a frenzied Milan schedule. Here’s what’s on for today: • This season, Giorgio Armani will show the Emporio Armani spring 2017 collection in Paris, so he has bumped his main label (usually the closing show of Milan) into an earlier slot. Expect plenty of Mr. Armani’s signature tailoring, and gushing Italians in the audience breaking into applause at the sight of the evening wear. One thing no longer on the catwalk? Fur, after Mr. Armani pledged to go 100 percent fur free after fall 2016. • Season in and season out, Etro offers up bohemian prints on gorgeous billowing fabrics. But before the show, the company also offers up the most delicious lunchtime snacks for the hungry hordes, not to mention pretty printed cushions to sit on, cushions that can then be taken away. It’s a winning combination. • The king of color, Marco de Vincenzo, who spent 13 years at Fendi before introducing his own label and gaining backing from LVMH in 2014, is often touted as one of Italy’s most promising emerging talents (which, given that he’s knocking on 40, can occasionally feel a little ridiculous). His shows tend to excite and delight he’s a man who knows his way around a rainbow. • As evening falls, it will be time for Versace, where no doubt Donatella will dish out her usual dose of barely there    on some of the starriest models of the moment. Log on to the NYT Styles Facebook page we’ll be backstage and on Facebook Live with the beauty doyenne Pat McGrath   before peeking at the latest beauty looks for the season. • Accessories labels staging catwalk shows appears to be a big trend of the season. The latest to jump onto the bandwagon is Sergio Rossi. The company is staging   performances at the Teatro Gerolamo, putting the latest collection in the spotlight. Across town, hotfoot it to the   shoe guru Gianvito Rossi’s   party for a glass of prosecco or three. In the real world, it is Friday, after all. And in case you missed it: • Rebelling Against   at Fendi and Roberto Cavalli. Our reviewer weighs in. • In the Studio With Silvia Fendi • The   Wild Ride of Supermodel Naomi Campbell Isn’t Slowing Down • Rankin, and Fashion, Take to the Milan Streets • At Philipp Plein: Fergie Down the Rabbit Hole",0
5738,"With Prosecutors at Odds, U.S. Inquiry Into Eric Garner’s Death Drags On - The New York Times","On the first anniversary of her husband’s death, Esaw Garner lit a candle and said a silent prayer. She assumed that closure would be coming  —   one way or another. After all, federal officials had personally assured her that they would reinvestigate the New York City police officer who had put her spouse, Eric Garner, in a chokehold in the moments before he died. But now, the second anniversary is approaching, and although Ms. Garner will light another candle and say another prayer when she observes it on July 17, the inquiry that buoyed her hopes has continued unresolved. She is sick of the waiting and tired of the worrying. What she wants most is simply to move on. “I miss my husband dearly, but I’ve basically stopped asking them what’s going on,” Ms. Garner said in an interview last week. “If they’re going to do something, then they’ll do it. But it’s in God’s hands now. I’m done. ” Killings involving police officers seemed to have occurred in recent years with a striking regularity, including two last week: one on Tuesday in Baton Rouge, La. and a second in a suburb of St. Paul, Minn. on Wednesday night. While the federal government does not investigate a majority of these episodes, when it does get involved  —   as it announced it would in the Louisiana case  —   the inquiries can often be protracted. The long delays in the Garner investigation, which has been especially closely watched, have come about for several reasons: There are inherent complexities in the federal civil rights law and a desire among officials to move with caution in a delicate matter. But there has also been, according to those involved, a heated disagreement over how  —   and even whether  —   to go forward. Prosecutors with the United States attorney’s office in Brooklyn, whose jurisdiction also extends to Staten Island, Queens and Long Island, have expressed doubts that they can prove in court that a crime had been committed their counterparts in Washington have claimed that they are confident they have sufficient evidence to proceed. The dispute came to a head at a recent meeting in Washington, where both offices offered their opinions to Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch. Ms. Lynch, formerly the top federal prosecutor in Brooklyn, must now decide between siding with her former colleagues or with the special civil rights team that investigates such cases. It is unclear both what and when she will decide. “It is taking quite a bit of time,” said William Yeomans, a fellow at the American University School of Law, who once served as the acting assistant attorney general for civil rights. “I’d almost say it’s been longer than expected, especially since a video exists. ” That video, which, by now, has been viewed around the world, showed Mr. Garner, 43, struggling in the grasp of Officer Daniel Pantaleo, who was trying to arrest him on suspicion of selling loose cigarettes on a Staten Island street in July 2014. Five months later, a state grand jury declined to bring charges against Officer Pantaleo, touching off a wave of protests in New York and a national debate about policing in minority communities. As they have in other local cases that have failed to go to trial, a team of federal prosecutors opened their own investigation, convening a grand jury that has been sitting intermittently in Brooklyn since February. Experts and officials say that the outcome of the case will hinge on whether Officer Pantaleo purposefully deprived Mr. Garner of his civil rights. “Here’s the challenge,” Alan Vinegrad, a former federal prosecutor from Brooklyn said. “You have a   decision by a police officer on the street in the exercise of his official duties. It’s extremely difficult to say what is and isn’t a willful violation of someone’s civil rights. ” These challenges have, in fact, set off a vigorous debate between prosecutors in Washington and Brooklyn. Lawyers in the Justice Department’s civil rights division believe they have enough evidence to prove that Officer Pantaleo acted willfully. But some with the United States attorney’s office have been hesitant according to three current and former federal law enforcement officials, the Brooklyn prosecutors went so far as to argue against taking the case to a grand jury in the first place. While prosecutors in Washington have developed a reputation in the last several years for aggressively investigating systemic police misconduct in cities like Chicago, Baltimore and Ferguson, Mo. they and their counterparts in United States attorney’s offices across the country have been more reluctant to charge individual officers with using deadly force. The last time the federal government brought a deadly force case against an officer in New York was in 1998, when Francis X. Livoti stood trial on  —   and was eventually convicted of  —   charges of choking to death a young Bronx man named Anthony Baez. In most investigations of police abuse, Mr. Yeomans said, prosecutors try to get officers to testify against their peers by confronting them with misleading incident reports or with the officers’ own contradictory witness statements. “But in this case,” Mr. Yeomans added, “it’s all about parsing the video, probably frame by frame. It may be hard, but how long can it take?” Federal investigators have indeed broken the video down, frame by frame, for prosecutors to interpret. Ms. Lynch, who was the first United States attorney promoted directly to attorney general in nearly 200 years, has a reputation for being deferential to prosecutors in the field rather than micromanaging them from Washington. But on policing matters, she has also relied heavily on the advice of her civil rights prosecutors, who are more removed from the local police departments they investigate. In the meantime, Officer Pantaleo remains on desk duty and may face charges from within the Police Department, if the federal grand jury fails to indict him or if the prosecutors decide to drop their case. As for Ms. Garner, hope has been replaced by deep frustration. “I was a lot more optimistic last year,” she said. “This year, I don’t know. They keep telling me that no stone will be left unturned. But how much investigation do you need?”",0
5739,Goldman Sachs: Almost One Million H-1B Foreign Workers Hold University-Level Jobs Here - Breitbart,"Goldman Sachs estimates that almost one million foreign   contract workers are now employed in   jobs throughout the United States, even though many media outlets routinely say the federal government approves only 85, 000   visas per year. [Goldman’s February estimate of the huge   population also ignores multiple other visa programs which invite foreign graduates to work in the United States. These other temporary work visas are used to employ an additional 470, 000 foreign college graduates in the United States, according to a study released on March 7 by the    Economic Policy Institute.  The EPI study, titled “Temporary foreign workers by the numbers,” says U. S. companies employ roughly 470, 000 foreign professionals via the   O, L, J, OPT, and TN visas. The EPI study estimates that the   population at a much lower level of only 460, 000 employees, partly because EPI says many   workers quickly get permanent green cards, which converts them into legal residents, not contract workers. If Goldman’s estimate of almost one million   is combined with the EPI’s estimate of various other skilled   visa programs, then the government data shows that U. S. companies employ roughly 1. 4 million     temporary workers in the United States. The imported workers are not immigrants, citizens, legal residents or green card holders, but are supposed to return home after several years. Companies have used them to fill enough outsourced jobs to fully employ nearly all Americans who graduated from college with skilled degrees in 2015 and 2016. This population of   temporary workers has pushed many established U. S. workers out of jobs, partly because none of the visa programs require that Americans be hired before foreigners. “I’m working at one of the Home Depot [hardware store]   …     there’s a lot of people in my position,” said Les, a former New York City technology worker for Disney, Pearson publishing, and other U. S. companies. He was pushed out of the business when companies outsourced their U. S. workplaces to Indian companies, many of which need U.    workers to link their U. S. clients to outsourcing offices in India. Les has a    teenager to raise, and would return to the sector if he got a job offer, he said. “That’s what I know —   it is not like I could go back to school to become a dentist or lawyer or a teacher,” he told Breitbart News.  The two new reports also that U. S. companies also employ roughly 185, 000 foreign   temporary workers, plus roughly 200, 000 foreign   temporary workers. The EPI report also says the population of agricultural   is roughly 75, 000, or just seven percent of at least 930, 000 university trained   resident in the United States. Campaign Promises, The huge U. S.  population of   foreign contract workers —  ranging from 1. 4 million up to 1. 8 million —  is a problem for President Donald Trump, who repeatedly promised to reform the   program during his 2016 campaign. “I will end forever the use of the   as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program,” said a Trump statement in 2016. “No exceptions. ” In his inauguration speech, Trump declared his national economic policy is: “Buy American, Hire American. ” So far, Trump has not revamped the   program, although his deputies have temporarily ended a     approval process supported by business groups. That change was adopted amid intense lobbying by   companies —  including Google, Microsoft, Facebook —  to preserve the annual inflow of cheap   workers. On April 3, the Department of Labor will start distributing another 85, 000   visas to companies, as required by law. Statements from White House officials suggest that a reform of the   program will be linked to a larger plan to comprehensively reform the nation’s   immigration system into Trump’s proposed   immigration system. Business groups will likely oppose Trump’s   immigration reform unless they can negotiate a promise for additional   contract workers. In 2013, Democratic politicians supported this negotiated demand by business groups, because the business groups promised to pressure GOP politicians to create “a path to citizenship” for the resident population of at least 11 million illegal aliens. Trump would be reluctant to endorse any increase in   contract workers because polls show that voters —  especially his voters —  want Americans to get jobs before companies can import more contract workers. For more than 20 years,     have been slashed by the large population of 8 million working illegal immigrants, and by the legal immigration of roughly 800, 000   immigrants each year.   Americans now face a growing economic threat from the inflow of   contract workers. No matter their skills, American   workers face a huge disadvantage because the   have a much greater incentive to work long hours at low wages. The distorting incentive is the federal government’s willingness to offer a deferred bonus of citizenship to foreign workers who stay in their temp jobs for six to 10 years. This   deferred compensation package is worth many millions of dollars to contract workers, partly because the citizenship benefit can be duplicated for their spouses, children, parents, siblings, and descendants. Those benefits of citizenship are vast  —   they include all of the rights enunciated in the U. S. Constitution, plus the right to live in a   society largely free of petty corruption, clannishness or tribalism, of class, caste, racial or regional discrimination, plus full access to the efficient economy, the free education system, the massive federal welfare system and the national banking system, plus the physical security ensured by gun rights,   neighbors, efficient police and military services. But companies cannot offer American   this subsidy instead of wages because the Americans already are citizens. If they want to hire an American instead of a foreign contract worker, companies have to pay Americans their full, unsubsidized marketplace value. So the hidden federal subsidy of    skews hiring practices in favor of foreign workers, much to the disadvantage of the 800, 000 young Americans who graduate with skilled degrees each year. Federal data shows that relatively few American graduates even get jobs in the   sectors which they studied  —   at great cost  —   in university. The U. S. Census Bureau reported in July that 2014 that: 74 percent of those who have a bachelor’s degree in science, technology, engineering and math  —   commonly referred to as STEM  —   are not employed in STEM occupations   …     According to new statistics from the 2012 American Community Survey, engineering and computer, math and statistics majors had the largest share of graduates going into a STEM field with about half employed in a STEM occupation. Science majors had fewer of their graduates employed in STEM. Roughly 660, 000 foreign   workers are employed throughout the U. S. software business, says the Goldman report. Many are employed in writing software, but many foreigners are hired as cheap managers, business experts, financial analysts, and salesmen by American and   companies. An additional 340, 000   contract workers are employed throughout the nation as doctors, therapists and pharmacists, professors, engineers and financial planners, managers and designers, soccer coaches and economics teachers, government scientists and university lab technicians, architects, lawyers and even journalists, according to job descriptions found at MyVisaJobs. com. Amid this widespread use of   contract workers, the salaries of young American professionals have stalled since the   bubble imploded. In the last five years, they’ve grown by roughly one percent a year —  after deducting inflation —  according to a January 2017 report titled “National Compensation Forecast,” by the Economic Research Institute.  During the same   period,   salaries, increased company profits, and sales have pushed the Dow Jones Index of stocks up by 60 percent.   If the   programs were sharply reduced, Americans companies would be forced to compete for the limited pool of Americans by offering higher salaries. The resulting “tight labor market” for Americans graduates would push up average salaries, give underemployed graduates an escape from   jobs (such as at Starbucks) boost recruitment of older professionals, spur   technology investment, and also greatly increase the opportunities for American teenagers, dropouts and the unemployed to study for college degrees. Even minor reforms of the   program —  such as   rules —  would boost salaries by 10 percent for the many U. S.  employees of   outsourcing companies, says the Goldman Sachs report. The   Population, The lack of public data about the number of resident   is “absurd,” said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “This is a basic piece of information that the public should know, and the problem is not even that the government has the numbers and isn’t releasing them —  rather the government doesn’t know the number itself,” he said.  The establishment media tend to ignore the issue of   numbers or just to highlight the annual inflow of   instead of describing the full resident population. Calculating the total numbers is difficult. The   program is managed collectively by the departments of Labor, State, and Homeland Security. Each agency collects data on different aspects of the program, including the number of requests for work visas, the number of visas that are approved, and the arrival or departure of contract workers.  Also, the regulatory details of the   program are complex.  The basic regulations say each   visa lasts for three years —  and can be automatically extended for another three years. In theory, that would limit the   population to a maximum of six times the annual apparent cap of 85, 000, or a total of 510, 000. But, the program has many loopholes which are used by immigration lawyers to bring in an extra 20, 000 extra   workers per year, to lengthen the stay of many   by several years and to get work permits for some spouses of   workers. Goldman Sachs’ February study, titled “The   Visa Debate: A Global FAQ for Investors,” tried to count these extra workers and extra years, saying: “We estimate that 900k to 1mn individuals are working under   visas in the US today, based on the assumption that most existing visas are renewed for a second term, and that about   of qualified   visa holders eventually apply for a green card (based on average wait times and green card quotas for countries affected)   …     figures would be slightly higher when including spouses of   visa holders (which could be as many as 500k people based on prevailing marriage rates of roughly 50% across countries). That number is much larger that a 2011 estimate by the   Center for Immigration Studies, which estimated the population of   to be roughly 650, 000. Additional   Visa Programs, Both the EPI and the Goldman studies ignore different parts of the massive   contract labor force in the United States. The Goldman report understates the total number of     contract workers in the United States by downplaying several additional visa programs that are similar to the   program. In contrast, the EPI report shows that these additional visa programs keep an extra population of roughly 450, 000 skilled   workers in the United States. For example, the EPI study says the J visa delivers roughly 56, 000 professionals, the Optional Practical Training program employs almost 140, 000 graduates, the   visas supply another 50, 000 professionals, and the L visas allow 350, 000   or   foreign company employees to work in the United States. The Goldman report also shows —  but does not count —  the annual inflow of   workers via the L, B and O visa programs. The 2015 inflow of these contract workers is 180, 000, said the report. A     calculation suggests these visa programs are used by a resident population of 200, 000     residing in the United States.  But the Goldman report also does not mention the J visas or the Optional Practical Training visas, which together deliver almost 200, 000 foreign college graduates to work in the United States, according to EPI. The EPI study ignores the fact that President Barack Obama allowed the spouses of   workers to get jobs. The Goldman report says that roughly 500, 000 spouses of   workers are now allowed to get jobs in the United States. The Goldman report does not say how many of the   spouses are working in skilled   jobs, but if that number is only   of the resident   spouses, then the number of foreign   contract workers would climb by up to 100, 000 people. If Goldman’s estimate of almost one million   is combined with the EPI’s estimate of other skilled   visa programs, the data shows that U. S. companies employ roughly 1. 4 million   foreign contract workers in the United States. That’s enough jobs to fully employ nearly all Americans who graduated from college with skilled degrees in 2015 and 2016. Even if the EPIs lower estimate for the   population is correct, then the extra visas programs show the number of   contract workers in the United States up to roughly 940, 000. Goldman’s estimate of almost one million   is much higher than the EPI estimate because Goldman estimates many   are waiting for green cards instead of returning home. Green Cards, Roughly   of   workers apply for green cards, says Goldman. The pipeline for green cards is very backed up because only a maximum of 140, 000 green cards are awarded to foreign employees and their family members each year. This   pipeline ensures that many   stay in the United States longer than six years by getting   or     renewals as they wait to get green cards. In contrast, the EPI report reduces its estimate of the resident   population by concluding that 140, 000   visa workers quickly got permanent green cards in 2011, 2012 and 2013, so reducing the number of contract workers in the   program. Both reports acknowledge that many contract workers get green cards and remain in the United States. But neither report counts the number of former contract workers who have won green cards, and who are free to compete against American graduates for jobs. That number is difficult to count because the federal government distributes 140, 000 green cards to company employees each year, but those cards must be shared with family members, including spouses and children. The green card numbers add up. For example, if 40, 000 skilled workers get Green Cards each year for the next decade, that delivers another 400, 000   skilled workers into the U. S. labor market to compete against Americans. If   of those 400, 000 future green card workers are     they will be enough to grab 54 percent of the extra 488, 500 new technology jobs that the Bureau of Labor Statistics expects will be added to the economy over the next decade. In 2016, Breitbart surveyed the data for three Midwestern states, and concluded up to 75, 000 foreign college grads have gotten green cards since 1990. Like many other   companies and universities, Goldman hires thousands of   workers for jobs sought by young American business graduates and tries to get green cards for hundreds of its employees. The company numbers are shown by this chart found at MyVisasJobs. com, which relies on government data to track the   marketplace.  The annual inflow of skilled workers with green cards would be far higher if the 2013 “Gang of Eight immigration bill had passed. That bill allowed universities to get green cards for an unlimited number of foreign customers who paid for a Masters Degree at a U. S.  university. Thea plan died in 2014 when GOP House Speaker John Boehner recognized the high level of public opposition to the amnesty and   bill. Universities and   The Goldman report does not mention the   supply of   visas granted to   universities and   affiliates of major companies.   can hire as many   workers as they wish each year, and now employ roughly 85, 000   workers as professors, doctors, researchers, and designers.  That 85, 000 estimate is only for contract workers holding the renewable     visas, and it excludes   workers who are in the process of getting green cards. The Goldman report says   of   holders try for green cards, so pushing up the universities’ likely employment of   up to roughly 130, 000 foreign contract workers. That overall university population is likely included in Goldman’s estimate of almost one million resident  . Other Contract Workers, The EPI estimate says the resident population of   contract workers is roughly 95, 000   workers plus roughly 90, 000 unskilled   “Summer Work Travel” workers, many of whom work   jobs at vacation resorts. The EPI data also suggests that 200, 000 unskilled   contract workers live in the United States.   Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com, ",0
5740,Texas Rep. Roger Williams Co-Sponsors Bill to End U.S. Education Department - Breitbart,"Rep. Roger Williams ( ) has become the ninth   of a bill that would terminate the U. S. Department of Education. [“I have said from day one that the federal government should focus on three things: defend our borders, maintain our infrastructure, collect our taxes  —   and then get out of the way,” Williams tells Breitbart News. “A long history of Washington bureaucrats inserting their failed policies into our children’s classrooms has resulted in a   and often failing educational system. ”  Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie (R) introduced the bill, H. R. 899, in February. The measure consists of only one sentence: “The Department of Education Shall Terminate on December 31, 2018. ” Let’s return control of education and educational spending to parents, teachers,  school boards, where it belongs: https:  .   —   Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) February 21, 2017,  In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, Massie said his bill is getting significant attention and that it could easily get support from both sides of the political aisle. “I think right now is a wonderful opportunity for us to get some people on the left side of the aisle in favor of reducing big government,” he said, continuing: Because, oftentimes, they’ve been proponents of a centralized government that’s not just powerful, but which has placed all of its power in the executive branch. And for the last four years  —   I have been arguing  —   number one, we need to devolve that power back to the states, but number two, to the extent it exists at the federal level, it needs to go back to Congress instead of sitting in the White House. And, now, I think the liberals are more receptive to that argument. And, if nothing else, they’re certainly apathetic about the Department of Education right now. “I do seem to remember that Trump was in favor of this,” Massie added. “I’m going to pursue the bill here in Congress with the assumption that if we can get it to them, they would sign it. In the meantime, a lot of congressmen are hearing from their constituents in support of this bill. ” Williams echoes the assertion that local control of education benefits all children. “It is long past time for big government Democrats to realize that local jurisdictions know what’s best for our youth and that a quality education is the right of all children, not just the Washington elite,” Williams says. Williams joins Rep. Justin Amash ( ) Rep. Andy Biggs ( ) Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) Rep. Matt Gaetz ( ) Rep. Jody Hice ( ) Rep. Walter Jones ( ) Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) and Rep. Ralph Abraham ( ) as   of the legislation.",0
5741,Vapen Clear: Meet The World’s First Cannabis Inhaler,"posted by Eddie We are in the generation of social and medical cannabis evolution. Not only are the numbers of cannabis advocates increasing, but creative innovators around the globe are developing new ideas left and right. There are now more ways than ever to get your medicinal or social intake of marijuana. If you thought you’ve seen it all, though, think again. The world’s first-ever cannabis inhaler is starting to roll out and goes by the name of Vapen Clear , and there’s nothing else like it out there! So What is the Vapen Clear? Well it looks exactly like your typical inhaler. It performs in the the same way too, but without the albuterol. The Vapen Clear releases the psychoactive compound THC. It packs a powerful 10mg expenditure per puff, which equals to 100 total puffs per cartridge but can be toned down to meet your needs. Whereas normal vaporizer pens heat the contents, the Vapen Clear doesn’t heat the THC. Rather, it uses a propellant to blast the medicine directly inside your lungs. Not only is the Vapen Clear the first of its kind, but it also comes in three different designs based on your favorite strain. For example, the “Daytime” inhaler comes with THC from a sativa strain, because a sativa produces energy. In like manner, there is the “Nighttime” inhaler that comes with an indica strain to provide a more mellow and chill effect. Then there’s the “Afternoon” inhaler, which provides a steady buzz from a hybrid of the two. The Benefits The smell of cannabis can mask all others. While many cannabis consumption methods leave a strong odor behind, the Vapen Clear has virtually no smell whatsoever. Again, the product doesn’t heat the oil, unlike other vaporizers.Discreetness is obviously another benefit. When people see an inhaler, they think asthma, not cannabis. Therefore, the chances of someone accusing you of medicating are slim. Size is another factor, and we’re pleased to tell you that it doesn’t disappoint. In fact, it’s so small that you can carry it with you wherever you go. Whether you slide it into your pocket or drop it into your purse, it’s easy to take. Not to mention, you don’t have to worry about lugging batteries and lighters along with it. So if you are a cannabis connoisseur who stays on-the-go, this product is perfect for you. Where Can You Find It? The Vapen Clear inhaler is currently only available in Arizona at select specialist centers. However, if you want one but cannot get it just yet, not to worry. Soon, Vapen products will be available in California, Colorado, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington.",0
5742,Israel’s Hard-Liners Want to ‘Go Big’: Annex a Settlement - The New York Times,"MA’ALE ADUMIM, West Bank  —   The first babies of Ma’ale Adumim, a hilly city on the eastern outskirts of Jerusalem, are now  . A cemetery finally opened last year, and 40 residents are buried there, most dead of natural causes after long and peaceful lives. That is to say, there is nothing temporary about this place, one of the closest settlements to Jerusalem in the occupied West Bank, which Israel seized from Jordan 50 years ago. “It’s part of Jerusalem,” said Sima Weiss, 58, who has lived here 30 years, raised three children and works a cleaning job just 20 minutes away by bus in the holy city proper. “I don’t feel like a settler. ” The world has focused more critically recently on Israel’s settlements in occupied territory, after last month’s United Nations declaration  —   which the United States tacitly supported  —   that they are killing the dream of one state for Jews, one for Palestinians. Many Israelis argue that Ma’ale Adumim  —   a city of 41, 000 with filled schools, a largely secular civic pride and skittish stray cats  —   is a special case: Its closeness to Jerusalem has put it near the top of the list of settlements Israelis say they could swap for other land in a peace deal. Yet Ma’ale Adumim has become a flash point of the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis.   politicians, emboldened by a more sympathetic Trump administration, want to annex it to Israel proper  —   the first formal annexation of a settlement. Supporters of the move argue that in the long absence of negotiations, Israel cannot stand still, and Ma’ale Adumim would likely be a part of Israel in any case. “Clearly it’s time for a quantum change,” Naftali Bennett, the education minister, who plans to introduce the annexation bill, said in an interview. “The incremental approach has not worked. We have to understand it’s a new reality. We have to go big, bold and fast. ” The Parliament seems poised to approve a law that few thought had any chance of passage just a few months ago: It would ultimately legalize settlement homes built illegally on private Palestinian land. Critics call this yet another form of creeping annexation. Many Palestinians agree this is a critical moment. They fear Ma’ale Adumim will be just the beginning of the annexation of settlements in the West Bank, now home to roughly 400, 000 Jews, and the end of the   dream. “We believe in two states for two nations, but if they took that”  —   Ma’ale Adumim  —   “there will be no longer two states,” said Yousef Mostafa Mkhemer, chairman of the Organization of Jerusalem Steadfastness, which focuses on issues like Muslim holy sites, refugee camps and Israeli settlements. “There will be one state called Israel. ” Many Palestinians and peace activists argue that the line has already been crossed  —   that any annexation of Ma’ale Adumim, after so many years, would be a technicality. “We are living in one state now,” said Ziad Abu Zayyad, a Palestinian lawyer and writer. Mr. Zayyad, a former Palestinian minister, said that unlike most Palestinians he supported Donald J. Trump for president, in part because he felt his apparently greater sympathy for Israel would begin to provide a clarity to a   conflict. “I want to see a change,” he said. “I’m fed up. ” “He could be a big devil. He could be something good. My point is he will make a change, for the good or for the bad. ” There are signs, in fact, that the conflict here is already shifting, with Ma’ale Adumim near the center, no matter how quiet and workaday its residents think themselves (70 percent of residents commute to Jerusalem proper for their jobs). After eight years of little building, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu just allotted 100 new building units to Ma’ale Adumim, part of 2, 500 new proposed housing units around the West Bank settlements, and another 560 in East Jerusalem. Mr. Netanyanu has proclaimed this as just the beginning of a new wave of building. Less than a month after the United Nations resolution, the city’s mayor, Benny Kashriel, and another settlement leader proudly attended Mr. Trump’s inauguration. That would have been unthinkable for past incoming American presidents, out of fear it could be interpreted as an endorsement of settlements, which most of the world considers illegal. “It’s a different policy,” Mr. Kashriel, mayor for 25 years, said just a day back from Washington. He believes that the new administration sees places like Ma’ale Adumim more benignly than did former President Barack Obama, whose administration blocked much building here and in the nearby E1, an especially contentious area closer to Jerusalem. “We didn’t steal the land from anybody,” he said. “It was built on empty hills. You can see there  —   the desert, rocks and sand. Now you have a living city. ” Much of the outside world’s attention has focused on more religious settlements deeper into the West Bank or on land with Palestinian titles in more direct conflict with Palestinians. But here, scrutiny has been intense on Ma’ale Adumim. It is partly symbolic: Israel has not annexed 1967 land beyond East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights. Opponents of the move fear it would be the start of a process that would not end until politicians like Mr. Bennett achieved their dreams of annexing large swaths of the West Bank and leaving the Palestinians with what Mr. Netanyahu recently called “a  . ” It is partly strategic: The settlement is at the heart of entrenched plans to expand Jerusalem, linking it to the city proper, along with other nearby settlements that also function in practice as Jerusalem suburbs. One issue with Ma’ale Adumim, critics argue, is its place in the West Bank, between north and south, that combined with other building plans could both hamper transit of Palestinians and threaten the contiguous borders of any future Palestinian state. The area is also not as empty as Ma’ale Adumim’s supporters say. Eid Abu Khamis, the leader of some 8, 000 Bedouins in the area, says harassment by Israel has increased recently. More of their makeshift housing has been torn down and land for their goats and sheep  —   they sell meat, yogurt and cheese to survive  —   declared  . Most of the Bedouins live in the E1 area, which is technically a part of Ma’ale Adumim and is slated for some 3, 700 new housing units. The Obama administration staunchly opposed any development in E1 as a possible point of no return for a viable Palestinian state. “If the Bedouin are kicked out of this land where we have lived for 30 years, it will be the end of negotiations with the State of Israel,” Mr. Khamis said. Many Palestinians argue that the annexation could ignite another round of violent revolt. A Palestinian flag was recently planted in a park in Ma’ale Adumim here, a worrying sign for residents that the less expensive, less harried life in their suburb may change. “I didn’t come because I believe we should take all the land between the Mediterranean and the Jordan River,” said a    resident, a driver who would give his name only as Max S. “It was cheap. That’s why I came. If I could change my apartment to an apartment in Tel Aviv, in a minute I would do it. “ People here are proud of what they have built since it was founded in 1975, with 15 religious Jews. There is a library, a theater, 15 schools and 78 kindergartens. It is mostly secular, but gets along with its more religious residents, about a quarter of the population. An industrial park, while the occasional target of the worldwide campaign to boycott goods made in settlements, is thriving and employs some 4, 000 Palestinians  —   at much higher wages, the mayor notes, than they could earn in Palestinian areas. Ronit Jackov, 55, who works in the local mall (which is getting a new floor with five cinemas) said she favored annexation, largely so the city can begin to grow again after years of a building freeze. She said she would never move back to Jerusalem, in part because the city has become too religious and rigid. “I’m not comfortable in a place where people tell you how to live,” she said. “People want to live their lives. ” And she places much hope in Mr. Trump, that he will side more forcefully with Israelis. “I’m not a very political person,” she said. “But I’m waiting for him to carry out what he said, and I’ll say, ‘You are great.’ Because the whole world is against us. We need someone on our side. ”",0
5743,Will it be representative government or thugocracy?,"Will it be representative government or thugocracy? Exclusive: Erik Rush envisions Clinton using high court 'as a bludgeon' against liberty Published: 43 mins ago About | | Archive Erik Rush is a columnist and author of sociopolitical fare. His latest book is ""Negrophilia: From Slave Block to Pedestal - America's Racial Obsession."" In 2007, he was the first to give national attention to the story of Sen. Barack Obama's ties to militant Chicago preacher Rev. Jeremiah Wright, initiating a media feeding frenzy. Erik has appeared on Fox News' ""Hannity and Colmes,"" CNN, and is a veteran of numerous radio appearances. Print 
“ I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women’s rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. ” 
– Hillary Clinton 
The first salvo from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton (or rather, her answer to the first question posed by Fox News’ Chris Wallace to her and Donald Trump at the third presidential debate) was as chilling as it was an exemplar of hypocrisy. 
Those on the left are quite fond of leveling the accusation against conservatives of employing “dog whistle politics,” rhetoric that allegedly contains hidden or esoteric derogatory messaging which targets a specific subgroup within the opposition. Ms. Clinton’s response to Wallace’s question (where they wanted to see the Supreme Court take the country, and their views on how the Constitution ought to be interpreted) however, was representative of this tactic. 
While women’s rights and those of the LGBT community may seem to be a curious focus for the high court (since objectively, women wouldn’t appear to be particularly oppressed given that one has been nominated to run for president, and the LGBT community accounts for less than 5 percent of the American population), Clinton’s answer revealed the focus she believes the court should have once she becomes empress. 
“Women’s rights” is of course “dog whistle” for unfettered abortion, even late-term abortion, which is essentially infanticide via dismemberment. “LGBT rights” is “dog whistle” for disenfranchising the majority of Americans who hold traditional values, primarily Christians. Leveraging a vocal minority of homosexuals, bisexuals and transgender individuals whom the left has whipped into a froth against Christians is the methodology that was employed to negate the political power of Christians in Europe and Canada. A direct assault via legislation in this area would not work in the U.S. (at least not at present); however, judicial rulings could effectively bring about the same result. 
Let us leave aside for a moment the fact that judicial activism is unethical and skirts the Constitution and that Clinton’s overall objectives are manifestly evil. Hillary Clinton’s stated priorities for the Supreme Court are a clear indicator of her desire to use the court as a bludgeon against the Constitution and individual liberties, rather than allowing it to perform its designated function. The hypocrisy attendant to Clinton citing the rights of women and homosexuals when she is beholden via financial contributions to nations that institutionally persecute and murder members of these groups remains plain for all to see, despite being conveniently ignored by the press. 
Clinton’s reference to “powerful corporations and the wealthy” and the malign influence of that sinister conservative organization, Citizens United, was of course another exercise in blatant hypocrisy. Clinton is quite wealthy, and corrupt or otherwise compromised powerful corporations have been instrumental in bringing about the designs of American socialists. Even if Citizens United were a vehicle for “dark, unaccountable money,” the scope of its influence would pale next to the subversive designs of the Muslim Brotherhood, with which Bill and Hillary Clinton have been partnered for decades, or the myriad tentacles of organizations funded by George Soros, the former Nazi collaborator dedicated to advancing oligarchical collectivism in America, someone with whom the Clintons also have a long association. 
One need not attempt to decipher the thinly veiled intent behind Clinton’s debate rhetoric to discern what a Hillary Clinton presidency might look like. Her actions to date – and particularly those in the pursuit of seeking that office – should suffice quite nicely. Despite the craven complicity of the establishment press (mainstream media), there is ample evidence for even the most indolent news consumer to reach the conclusion that she and the Democratic leviathan supporting her, and which facilitated Barack Obama’s rise to power, are fundamentally malignant. 
In recent days, we’ve become aware of all manner of unethical conspiracies and outright criminality that’s been brought to bear in getting Clinton elected, from Democratic officials tampering with the outcome of the illegal email server investigation, to the oversampling of key demographics in polling in order to enhance the public perception of Clinton’s popularity, to the recent revelation of criminally prosecutable actions on the part of the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and the White House. 
The bottom line here is that Hillary Clinton represents a class of people who transcend even the loathed archetypal modern politician in their rapaciousness and amorality. What all Americans – not just voters, and not just Republicans – need to realize is that leaders at the highest levels in the Republican Party are every bit as culpable as the gutter operatives of the Democratic Party who pay miscreants to dress up as ducks, instigate fistfights at opposition rallies and, yes, even vote for their candidates. 
The burning question is this: In the end, are we to be governed by the will of the people, or are we going to continue pretending that we have a representative government, when we are in effect being ruled by abject thugs operating behind a faux veneer of government? 
Media wishing to interview Erik Rush, please contact . Receive Erik Rush's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Erik Rush's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
5744,Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule,"A combat veteran with PTSD wasn’t allowed to fly with her service dog. So she sued. ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule By VNN on October 31, 2016 ‘Particularly Vulnerable To Pay To Play Practices’ 

by David Sirota AND Andrew Perez (MAPLIGHT) AND Avi Asher-Schapiro 
Despite an anti-corruption rule that was designed to reduce the financial industry’s political power, top officials from the investment firm BlackRock hosted Hillary Clinton at campaign fundraisers earlier this year. The cash — which poured in through a loophole in the law — came in as BlackRock’s federal contracts to manage billions of dollars of retiree assets will be up for renewal during the next president’s term. 
In 2010, the Securities and Exchange Commission looked to stop campaign donations to public officials from financial firms seeking to convince those officials to hire them to manage public employees’ retirement assets. The agency enacted a pay-to-play rule that applied such a restriction to state and local officials. The rule, however, was structured in a way that effectively exempted federal agencies from its restrictions — and it was created even though a major federal agency had just been plagued by an investment-related influence-peddling scandal. 
In practice, the gap in the rule allows BlackRock executives to raise big money for presidential candidates who — if they win — will appoint the officials that run the federal Thrift Savings Plan, which awards contracts to manage retirement assets for nearly 5 million current and former federal employees. 
The loophole also allows Wall Street executives to give cash to presidential candidates, even as those executives’ firms get deals to manage — and earn fees from — investments for the federal government’s separate pension insurance agency, which is run by presidential appointees. 
In all, the loophole in the SEC rule effectively leaves nearly a half-trillion dollars of retirement assets unprotected by the nation’s major anti-corruption measure. Clinton’s presidential campaign has raised more than $1 million from financial firms that are contracted to manage those assets. 
Two SEC spokespeople, Ryan White and Judith Burns, declined to answer questions from International Business Times and MapLight about the pay-to-play rule carveout for federal agencies. 
‘Particularly Vulnerable To Pay To Play Practices’ 
This report is part of an IBT/MapLight series examining the extent to which corporate interests are able to circumvent federal and state anti-corruption rules designed to restrict the influence of money on public policy. 
When the SEC passed its rule to restrict Wall Street campaign contributions, the agency said the measure was necessary because publicly administered retirement programs “are particularly vulnerable to pay to play practices” which can end up “leading to inferior management, diminished returns or greater losses” for retirees. A study released last month validated that concern: Researchers at Stanford, Rice and Erasmus universities found that retirement systems whose overseers “have received relatively more contributions from the financial industry have lower returns.” 
Federal regulators ended up prohibiting investment firms from earning fees from “a government entity” — that is, a retirement system — if firm executives donate to a public official who has power to influence the retirement system’s investment decisions. The rule, though, narrowly defined “government entity”: It says the term means only an agency at the state or local level, not the federal government. 
“There’s no clear carve-out for federal plans, but the definition itself also does not insinuate that they are covered,” Benjamin Keane, an attorney at the law firm Dentons, told IBT/MapLight. 
Through legislation, congressional lawmakers could close the loophole by passing a pay-to-play law that defined “government entity” to encompass the federal government. Without that, the loophole will remain. 
‘Wouldn’t Appear To Put Such Firms At Risk’ 
The result: Pay-to-play restrictions do not apply to the Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) — a $458 billion behemoth that is the single largest retirement system in America. 
BlackRock officials delivered over $100,000 to President Barack Obama’s campaigns, and Obama’s appointees to the TSP’s board have awarded BlackRock contracts to manage $251 billion on behalf of millions of federal workers. Those contracts were awarded by the Obama administration between 2012 and 2015. 
Now, with those deals coming up for renewal, BlackRock employees are helping raise big money for Clinton, Obama’s potential successor. 
BlackRock official Matt Mallow and his wife are listed on Clinton’s website as “Hillblazers” who have raised or donated at least $100,000 for the Democratic candidate’s 2016 campaign. Mallow hosted a fundraiser for Clinton this past February. Cheryl Mills, a longtime Clinton adviser, also hosted a fundraiser for her and serves on BlackRock’s board of directors. Clinton’s campaign has received roughly $100,000 directly from employees of BlackRock. 
If Clinton wins the election, the agency her appointees run will decide the fate of BlackRock’s TSP contracts — and there is nothing in the SEC pay-to-play rule to stop those appointees from rewarding Clinton’s donors. 
“Since the Thrift Savings Plan is solely a creature of the federal government,” Keane told IBT/MapLight, “contributions to the president or presidential candidates by covered executives of investment advisors to the TSP wouldn’t appear to put such firms at risk.” 
A TSP spokesperson, Kim Weaver, confirmed to IBT/MapLight that “the SEC has no jurisdiction” over the board that governs the retirement system. 
While TSP management contracts involve relatively low fees, the deals are coveted. The TSP does not publish an itemized list of the exact fees it pays to outside money managers, but documents reviewed by IBT show that the TSP pays about $106 million in annual expenses for the specific funds that BlackRock manages. 
BlackRock likely earns additional revenues through securities lending, in which it can lend out portfolio assets to other firms for a fee. BlackRock can also use TSP’s holdings to exert influence with major corporations. 
Weaver said the agency “uses a competitive RFP [request for proposal] process when selecting fund managers. The vendor is selected purely on the basis of best value and the selection is done on a fiduciary basis.” She said the agency’s presidentially appointed board members “do not serve as selecting officials on any [agency] procurement.” 
Federal law says the board sets “policies for the investment and management” of the TSP, and agency press releases note that the board selected BlackRock for the four investment contracts the firm won. 
‘Serious Questions About The Integrity Of The Process’ 
The TSP is not the only source of investment business at the federal level: There is also the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation , which insures the pensions of 44 million Americans and pays out benefits if private pension systems collapse. PBGC officials currently oversee roughly $88 billion of investments. 
The PBGC ( Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation ) invests money with 23 financial firms, according to a PBGC spokesperson. Employees at twelve of those firms — including J.P. Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and BlackRock — have collectively given Clinton’s presidential campaign more than $1.2 million. Goldman Sachs also paid Clinton $675,000 for speeches after she completed her tenure as Secretary of State. Those same firms donated over $870,000 to Obama’s 2012 reelection campaign. 
The PBGC declined to disclose any information on how much in annual fees the agency pays the Wall Street firms, but there are clues about how much at least some of those firms might be making off the system. The agency’s most recent financial report says roughly 1.7 percent of its assets are in “private equity, private debt, and private real estate.” That translates to roughly $1.5 billion of such investments. Assuming industry standard fees of up to 2 percent, that one small slice of PBGC investments alone could generate up to $30 million of annual management fees for financial firms — on top of any additional fees levied on investment returns. 
Asked if it is appropriate for the agency to award contracts to firms whose executives make contributions to presidential campaigns, agency spokesman Marc Hopkins told IBT/MapLight: “PBGC follows federal procurement laws and regulations.” 
The SEC’s decision to shield the federal government from the pay-to-play rule is striking, given that the PBGC was engulfed in an influence-peddling scandal at the beginning of President Obama’s term. 
In January 2009, Charles E.F. Millard resigned as head of the PBGC amid accusations he inappropriately communicated with firms who were courting lucrative PBGC contracts. A whistleblower told the agency’s inspector general that Millard had been communicating with Wall Street firms seeking business from the PBGC, and that Millard refused to cut ties even after he was warned of potential ethical violations. 
The investigation found that BlackRock and Goldman Sachs assigned employees to win over Millard. BlackRock even tasked a former high school classmate of Millard’s to keep in touch. 
Goldman provided Millard with advice about how to persuade his colleagues to invest more PBGC funds in alternative investments, and the PBGC soon picked BlackRock and Goldman to manage nearly $1.6 billion in PBGC assets. 
The inspector general said at the time that the “improper actions raise serious questions about the integrity of the process by which the winners” of federal investment contracts were selected. The IG noted that after Millard resigned, a Goldman executive worked to help him find a Wall Street job. Millard — who was not criminally charged — worked as a managing director and head of pension relations at Citigroup until earlier this year. 
A few months after the IG report was released, President Obama appointed a private equity executive to take over the agency — just as that executive’s New York firm was facing questions about whether it used political influence to secure public pension deals. A year later, the SEC passed its pay to play rule — including the language that made sure the rule did not apply to the PBGC and other federal agencies. 
Also see:",0
5745,The Disaster of Inflation–For the Bottom 95%,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Central banks are obsessed with boosting inflation, but the “why inflation is good” arguments make no sense for households being ravaged by inflation. The basic argument is that inflation makes it easier for debtors to service their debts. 
But this is only true if income rises along with costs. If income stays flat while costs rise, households lose ground–debt remains a burden as the purchasing power of income plummets. 
Central banks and the mainstream media make two fatal errors when discussing inflation. 
1. They assume an inflation rate that lumps all costs/prices into one number is meaningful. But the “headline” consumer price index (CPI) is meaningless for two reasons: 
A. The “headline” CPI is easily manipulated by underweighting sectors with double-digit cost increases such as higher education, rent and healthcare, and by gaming hedonics and other adjustments. 
B. Households and enterprises that are exposed to sectors with double-digit cost increases experience inflation at rates that are far higher than those households and enterprises that have little to no exposure to soaring rents, healthcare premiums and college tuition. 
2. They lump all inflation-adjusted household income into one “headline number” of median household income. This is a meaningless number because it combines the top 5% of households that are experiencing strong income gains in the “recovery” with the 95% of households experiencing stagnant or declining purchasing power. 
In other words, there is not one inflation rate or median household income, there are completely different classes of inflation and income. Americans in the top 5% with little exposure to the soaring big-ticket expenses of rent, healthcare and higher education are doing great, as their income/purchasing power is rising while their household budget is protected from 25% increases in rent, healthcare premiums, etc. 
Households with stagnant incomes that are fully exposed to the ravages of soaring big-ticket expenses are experiencing catastrophic losses of purchasing power (i.e. inflation) on the order of 8% to 12% declines annually. 
Take a look at these charts: 
A better measure of how households are doing is to compare GDP (gross domestic product) and wages: if GDP is rising but household incomes aren’t keeping pace with GDP, then households are doing worse–which is exactly what’s happened in the “recovery”: 
The share of GDP devoted to wages is another basic measure of household well-being: the wage/salary share of the economy has been declining for 45 years: 
Meanwhile, the top 5% is riding high: notice how the spending of the top 5% has pulled away from the stagnant spending of the bottom 95% during the “recovery”: 
Any household paying soaring healthcare premiums and co-pays is being crushed: 
Ditto for households experiencing double-digit rent increases: 
Rising inflation crushes the purchasing power of the bottom 95% whose incomes are not rising along with double-digit cost increases in big-ticket expenses. Central banks seeking to boost inflation are waging financial war on the bottom 95% of households.",0
5746,Forget Beanbag Chairs. Amazon Is Giving Its Workers Treehouses. - The New York Times,"REDMOND, Wash.  —   Just off a remote stretch of road here, near wineries, horse stables and farms, Amazon is secretly growing something, but it’s not what Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive, calls the “tiny seeds” that could become the company’s next big businesses. No, Amazon is growing actual plants, more than 3, 000 species of them spread around a   greenhouse a  ’s drive from Amazon’s headquarters in Seattle. There are carnivorous pitcher plants, exotic philodendrons and orchids from Ecuador that resemble the menacing flora from “Little Shop of Horrors. ” “Cinnamon, wax candy and baby powder,” said Ron Gagliardo, the Amazon horticulturist who oversees the greenhouse, when asked to describe the mysterious scent of the orchid, called Anguloa virginalis. Amazon pioneered internet shopping, electronic book reading and cloud computing. Now, as it enters adulthood, it is applying some of that inventiveness to its new home. The company is constructing a collection of   and   buildings in downtown Seattle that will be arrayed around three striking transparent, conjoined structures that Amazon calls spheres. They will act as   greenhouses, the kind of flashy architecture that Amazon shunned for the first 22 years of its life. “We wanted it to be iconic, a structure that would be similar to another icon in the city, like the Space Needle, for newcomers to Seattle,” said John Schoettler, director of Amazon’s global real estate and facilities. “It would be a found treasure in the downtown neighborhood. ” The real point of the spheres is how Amazon wants to use the nature on the inside to inspire employees. When they open in early 2018, the spheres will be packed with a plant collection worthy of   conservatories, allowing Amazon employees to amble through tree canopies three stories off the ground, meet with colleagues in rooms with walls made from vines and eat kale Caesar salads next to an indoor creek. Since Amazon decided about a decade ago to stay in downtown Seattle, the company said, it has invested over $4 billion in the construction and development of offices in the city, though it won’t disclose the budget for the spheres. The spheres will be accessible to Amazon employees only, but the company may eventually allow public tours. “The whole idea was to get people to think more creatively, maybe come up with a new idea they wouldn’t have if they were just in their office,” said Dale Alberda, the lead architect on the project at NBBJ, a firm that has also worked on building projects for Samsung, Google and the Chinese internet company Tencent. Tech companies have been eager to test ways to make workplaces more conducive to creativity. Some turn their offices into   playgrounds, with beanbag chairs, ball pits and   tables. The more refined alternative now catching on is to make nature the star of the show. Apple, for example, has hired an arborist, Dave Muffly, to oversee the planting of about 8, 000 trees on its new   campus in Cupertino, Calif. which will surround a   new building where Apple employees will work. The mostly native trees are intended to restore the natural landscape that once blanketed Silicon Valley. What makes Amazon’s project unusual is its location  —   in the heart of a city, rather than on a sprawling suburban campus of the sort favored by most other big tech companies. Amazon, the largest private employer in Seattle, has more than 20, 000 employees spread out in more than 30 buildings in the city. Its current construction plans will give it the space to more than double its local head count. Mr. Bezos has said that Amazon is staying put in a city because the kinds of employees it wants are attracted to an urban environment. But the concrete and steel canyons around Amazon’s new downtown properties do not have a lot of greenery. That is where the spheres and Mr. Gagliardo, whom Amazon hired to fill them with plants, enter the picture. Margaret O’Mara, an associate professor of history at the University of Washington, sees the spheres as a kind of Walden Pond under glass. “It’s a retreat, a cathedral away from the hubbub of the city,” she said. There was plenty of noise inside the spheres on a recent tour, as workers welded steel, pounded bolts into place and sawed concrete inside the   structure. The glass panels that make up the carapace of the spheres were being lowered onto steel supports in   shapes. Wearing a hard hat, Mr. Gagliardo dodged power cords and scaffolding, surveying an enormous mass of concrete where a   living wall  —   fabric pockets filled with plants  —   will eventually be installed. He pointed to where a glass roof panel will be removed and a   fig tree will be lifted by crane into one of the spheres, one of 40 to 50 trees that will be installed. “Being able to walk through here, I’m starting to see where things are going to go,” he said. The spheres will have meeting areas called treehouses, and suspension bridges high off the ground that will be just wobbly enough to quicken the pulses of employees who walk over them. “Amazon said, ‘Make this fun,’” said Mr. Alberda, the architect. Amazon’s architects had to make the spheres welcoming for both plants and people, a space with the abundance of a conservatory but without the stickiness that will fog MacBook screens and make people sweat. During the day, Amazon will keep the spheres at 72 degrees and 60 percent humidity, while at night the temperature will average 55 degrees and the humidity 85 percent, which Mr. Gagliardo said would be optimal for the cloud forest plant specimens it has collected. A growing body of academic research points to the benefits of giving employees access to nature. About a decade ago, Ihab Elzeyadi, an associate professor of architecture at the University of Oregon, conducted a study in which workers who were provided with a view of nature experienced a 20 percent reduction in sick leave from their employer, though it was not clear why that happened. Dr. Elzeyadi said he was intrigued by Amazon’s sphere project, but not convinced it would be as effective as letting workers gaze at plants from their desks. ”You’re making a big investment and betting on two big hypotheses,” he said. “Will they leave work and go there and, having that kind of   maybe once a week, will it really impact their stress levels?” Any respite from stress could be particularly helpful for a company that has a reputation for a sometimes punishing work environment. Until plants start moving into the spheres next spring, Mr. Gagliardo, 50, dotes on them in their temporary home in the huge greenhouse Amazon has been leasing for the last couple of years. He will continue to tend to the plants for Amazon after they are planted in the spheres. He stops by a welwitschia, a Namibian plant with two leaves, proclaiming it the “ugliest plant in the world” and delivering the line with such enthusiasm that it sounds like a compliment. With misters pumping water into the air, he swells with excitement discussing his current love affair with a group of begonias from Southeast Asia. “Next week I’ll be more excited about a different group,” he said. Many of the species Amazon is growing here are endangered or extinct in the wild, acquired from botanical gardens, universities and private growers around the world. Mr. Gagliardo, who previously worked at the Atlanta Botanical Garden and in amphibian conservation, said opportunities to build a plant collection like Amazon’s did not come along often. “I’m a plant curator by heart,” he said. “So different plant families, amassing a collection of plants, is totally what I geek out on and go crazy about. ”",0
5747,"Before Trump Executive Order, Obama Officials Warned Islamic State Would Use ’Refugee Flows’ to Enter West - Breitbart","As experts and politicians debate the merits of President Donald Trump’s executive order limiting refugee flows from   nations, few have addressed the many warnings prior to Trump’s assumption of the presidency that Islamic State terrorist have long planned to infiltrate Western nations disguised as refugees. [Trump’s executive order, which many in the left have falsely described as a “Muslim ban,” temporarily halts the entry of individuals from seven nations listed in the   Terrorist Prevention Act of 2015: Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya, Iran, Iraq, and Yemen. The government is set to restore entry of refugees from these nations contingent upon establishing an orderly and competent screening process to prevent terrorists from posing as refugees and entering the United States.  In this sense, the executive order addresses a concern former CIA director John Brennan presented before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in June 2016, shortly after the massacre at Orlando’s Pulse nightclub orchestrated by an Islamic State sympathizer. “ISIL has a large cadre of Western fighters who could potentially serve as operatives for attacks in the West,” Brennan said, using an alternate acronym for the Islamic State. “And the group is probably exploring a variety of means for infiltrating operatives into the West, including refugee flows, smuggling routes, and legitimate methods of travel. ” He noted that ISIS has also expanded its propaganda efforts to “inspire attacks by sympathizers who have no direct links to the group. ” These remarks came months after Brennan had warned against “hermetically seal[ing] our borders,” a statement he made at a forum in November 2015. Even before the Pulse massacre, Brennan nonetheless suggested U. S. officials should be “wary” of who enters the country. Brennan was not the first to warn that Islamic State terrorists may pose as refugees to enter the United States. The same month Brennan suggested the U. S. should decline to “hermetically seal our borders,” Senator John McCain said in an interview he had reason to believe that Islamic State terrorists could pose as Syrian refugees to enter the United States. “I am sure that Baghdadi, the leader of ISIS, has already told some of these young men, go into the refugee flow and call us when you get to Berlin, New York, Paris, wherever it is,” he told New York radio host John Catsimatidis. “So we are going have to be very, very careful about what individuals we allow to come into this country as a result of this terrible tragedy. ” Senator McCain has since accused Trump of fueling “ISIS propaganda” by responding to the threat of Islamic State terrorists posing as Mideast refugees. House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Michael McCaul also suggested in 2015 that intelligence he had been privy to suggested the Islamic State was seeking to infiltrate the West through refugee flows. “ISIS members in Syria have attempted to exploit [the refugee program] to get into the United States,” he told an audience at National Defense University. “The U. S. government has information to indicate that individuals tied to terrorist groups in Syria have already attempted to gain access to our country through the U. S. refugee program. ” The State Department has also indicated the U. S. is struggling with a concerted effort by Islamic State terrorists to enter the United States from Syria. “I wouldn’t debate the fact that there’s the potential for ISIS terrorists to try to insert themselves,” State Department Spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby said in September, adding that he believed those who have entered the United States have “all been extremely and very stridently vetted. ” The plan has succeeded in Europe. The Islamic State terrorist responsible for the New Year’s Eve massacre in Istanbul’s Reina nightclub, for example, entered Turkey through Syria with his wife and child, despite being an Uzbek national. Nearly a year before that attack, another Islamic State suicide bomber succeeded in killing 25 people in Istanbul, entering Turkey as a Syrian refugee. In Western Europe, four Islamic State terrorists cleared Syrian refugee vetting in October 2015, with two of them successfully attacking Paris. At least one refugee with ties to the Islamic State has been arrested in the United States: Omar Faraj Saeed Al Hardan, an Iraqi refugee who pled guilty to “providing material support and swearing allegiance to ISIS” in a Texas court.",0
5748,Speeding Vehicle Strikes Pedestrians in New York City’s Times Square - Breitbart,"(Reuters)  —   A speeding car crashed into pedestrians on a sidewalk in New York City’s busy Times Square on Thursday, killing one person and injuring at least 12, and police said the incident did not appear to be an act of terrorism, witnesses, police and news media said. [A Reuters witness said one person was covered with a bloodstained blanket after the collision, which occurred around noon ET (1600 GMT) at the Midtown Manhattan tourist venue.  Hundreds of thousands of people, many of them visitors from around the world, pass daily through the bustling commercial area, the heart of the Broadway theater district. The vehicle was a red Honda sedan and CBS New York Television said the driver had been removed. Television footage showed police officers restraining a man in a dark   and placing him in a police car. Read the rest of the story at Reuters.",0
