id,title,text,label
6513, Sam Bee’s Response To Trump’s Mega-Gaffe Is The Best Thing To Go Viral Yet (IMAGE),"Samantha Bee, of Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, provided the world with the perfect response to Donald Trump s Cinco de Mayo mega-gaffe and pseudo-advertisement for his hotel chain on Thursday. Trump had posted a photo of himself online that shows him seated at a desk eating a taco bowl where he said: Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! Here s the post:https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/photos/a.488852220724.393301.153080620724/10157008375200725/?type=3It s one of those Trump posts where you are not sure if his supporters are sharing because they think it is actually great content, or if people who can t stand him are sharing it to show how big of a douche bag he can actually be.In response to the photo and message, Bee posted a photo herself to the fan page of Full Frontal showing her sitting down at a desk eating a taco bowl in an effort to parody Trump s original post. She also posted this brilliant comeback: The best taco bowls are made by hardworking immigrants who don t like being called rapists by a rich prick. I love inauthentic Mexican food! Here s the post:https://www.facebook.com/fullfrontalsamb/photos/a.1771924126368559.1073741828.1765033567057615/1833668423527462/?type=3&theaterWith Ted Cruz out of the race, Donald Trump has already secured the Republican presidential nomination. He has no need to pander to any one particular group except his base   assholes. Trump knows that his Cinco de Mayo announcement is a mega-gaffe. He has already learned the art of saying just the wrong thing at the just the wrong time in order to rile up his supporters. He is, as he has been for his entire primary campaign, capitalizing on his supporters  xenophobia, racism, and anger.Now, if you see someone defending Trump s post on social media, one of Bee s followers has invented a perfect new term for that person is doing   proctolojustification.It applicable way to describe any defense of the new head of the Republican Party.Featured image from Facebook",0
6514, Jon Stewart Makes A Room Full Of U.S. Soldiers Gasp As He Delivers A Dire Warning On Trump (VIDEO),"If you re someone who looks at the prospect of four (or eight!) years of President Trump with a mixture of depression and terror, imagine what it must be like to be a soldier who may have to serve in the military under him.Trump will have no problem, say, ordering you to commit war crimes. Or torture. Or to go to war. The possibility of Trump becoming president represents the likelihood that you will be made to do something that will not only dishonor your country, but yourself as well. Needless to say, the prospect makes for some very worried soldiers in the United States military.As part of a USO tour with President Obama, Jon Stewart stopped by to emcee the Joining Forces 5th Anniversary Event at Joint Base Andrews. Most of his jokes were good-natured, but the former Daily Show host couldn t help but addressing the very large, very orange elephant in the room.While speaking about Vice President Joe Biden, who joined Stewart on stage, the comedian noted that many people criticize Biden for  [saying] whatever he thinks of, whatever comes into his mind.  But it reminded him of someone else: Who would have thought that now, that gets you the Republican nomination? So, um  (laughter) Don t worry, Trump s gonna keep you busy when he s the Commander-in-Chief. You re gonna have to paint all the planes with  Trump  in big gold letters. You re gonna be busy. During the extended punchline on Trump, the audience went from laughing, to uncomfortable gasps and groans, to dead silence. It was a good joke, but the nugget of truth at the center of it was deeply unsettling.Donald Trump has shown absolutely no ability to control himself during his campaign. His half-hearted stabs at being more  presidential  have ended   without fail   within 24 hours. Often these forays into  seriousness  end spectacularly. After the press had lauded Trump for being more mature, he attended a rally in which he floated the idea that Ted Cruz s father was linked to the JFK assassination. He s about to have the most powerful military in the history of mankind at his beck and call.Painting  Trump  in gold on airplanes isn t the only thing Trump might have these soldiers do. Given his temperament, his thin skin, and his ability to contradict himself endlessly, Trump could wake up one morning and just  decide  to go to war. And to defend his bruised ego, he would be willing to send the very same men and women standing in front of Jon Stewart into battle. Their silence speaks volumes.They ll be busy alright.Watch Jon Stewart give his brutal prediction about Trump below, via Mediaite s Tommy Christopher: Jon Stewart Tells Troops  Trump s Gonna Keep  by DailyPoliticsFeatured image via Daily Motion screengrab",0
6515, WATCH: Fox News Host Flies Off The Handle At Republicans For Not Supporting Trump,"Donald Trump is now the presumptive Republican nominee for president and many in the GOP elite have a serious problem with this reality. They don t have a problem with Trump because he s a racist, a chauvinist, or an advocate of violence.  Let s keep in mind that many Republican politicians have shown those tendencies, all be it veiled with civility. Rather, today s  GOP elite have a problem with Trump because he s got a big mouth about what the GOP stands for and because he s not a part of the elite Republican establishment.Well, Fox host Sean Hannity, a whack job in his own right, wasn t having it with the Republican establishment and quickly came to The Donald s rescue by becoming unhinged on his Fox News show. In an interview with Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus, Hannity appeared emotional and frustrated because of the lack of support coming for Trump from the heavy weights of the Republican Party, including Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush.  To me it seems selfish,  the whiny Hannity told the RNC chair.Priebus gave a measured response, telling Hannity that  it s gonna take some time for some people to come to grips and to get to know Donald Trump and to get on board. This has been going on a year!  Hannity pouted.  What do they need to know? At one point Hannity went on the attack against House Speaker Paul Ryan saying,  I m not ready to support Speaker Ryan anymore. I m thinking maybe we need a new speaker. To his credit, Donald Trump has done one thing that has made many people happy. He has the Republican Party in shambles and that bodes well for democracy come November.Watch video here:Feature image via video screenshot.",0
6516, Jimmy Fallon Roasts Donald Trump With This Genius Prank Phone Call (VIDEO),"Imagine if Donald Trump rang President Obama. How would that phone call go? Jimmy Fallon decided to act out his answer, with a phone call played out between Fallon s  Drumpf  and Obama.After winning Indiana and becoming the presumptive GOP nominee, Trump calls President Obama to chat. The only thing is, Drumpf can seem to string a sentence together without making some sort of bizarre Trump-world word soup. Did you see the news? I m now the Republican President and come November, I m gonna be voted Captain America.  Drumpf says out his pouting mouth, set as it is upon an unnaturally orange face.Obama begrudgingly congratulates the tangerine tycoon on his victory in Indiana, and his becoming the presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States. Of course, Drumpf is little confused about exactly what makes the Hoosier state great. I love Indiana. The birthplace of Indiana Jones. Obama lets the gaffe slide, choosing instead to keep it classy and acknowledge Trump s success. I ve gotta admit, it was a big win.  he says, to which Drumpf responds. It was. And when I m in charge, America s gonna start winning, and winning bigly Yes, that last word was just spontaneously invented by Drumpf   like President George Dubya Bush and Sarah Palin before him   Donald Trump has seemingly made a campaign platform out of bad English.Obama calls him to task on the word, asking him if he just actually said  Bigly , for real. But Drumpf is unashamed. That s right, bigly. And I m gonna be the bestest, most fantasticest President ever. It s gonna be yuuuuugical. You can see the rest of the brilliant sketch in the video below.Whatever happens now, one thing is certain, the Republican party is paying the price of inciting fear and prejudice into its supporters. The GOP has turned itself into a party of extremist bigots, led by an extremist bigot. It has become a parody of its own worst elements.",0
6517, Trump Outlines How He’ll Treat America Like A Bankrupt Business And It Is TERRIFYING,"There s a furniture company in Southern Maine called  Chapter 11 Furniture.  The name and the entire concept of the company is to invoke the feeling of a fire sale. They have 4 or 5 stores that they only sign short leases on, so at any given time they can advertise,  Chapter 11 Furniture is losing its lease in (enter town or street name here) and EVERYTHING MUST GO!  It s a brilliant tactic for a company who will probably never resort to its name because it understands how to build from American greed at its very core. Someone is going our of business or declaring bankruptcy? It s a free for all!That s the American mentality surrounding bankruptcy. Bankruptcy is there to help people in severe financial situations put their debt behind them and move on. It s also a way for sheisters to get a bunch of free stuff, make a bunch of money and work the system. Donald Trump qualifies as the second type; working the system   and openly admitting it   4 times now. Trump s idea to  fix America  has taken a turn toward this mentality and the very thought of it is frightening,The New York Times reported that in an interview Thursday, Donald Trump talked about how he would approach the national debt. Thinking like a failed businessman, he insisted we should simply go to our creditors and ask them to take less. Yes, in one idiotic statement, Donald Trump exposed just how little he knows about the economy or how the debt works. As The Times points out, there is no credible evidence suggesting that our debtors would reduce we owe them by a nickel. Trump thinks he s dealing in people with real estate they can t move selling bad debt for more bad debt until one day so much of the debt is paper   bad paper   that there s nothing left to do but fail. Sound familiar? It should; it s what Wall Street and the Dubya administration did to us in 2008.Let s assume for a moment that our creditors would take less. The bulk of the national debt is money we owe to ourselves. Is Trump going to ask the Social Security trust fund to take pennies on the dollar because we had a couple of wars that were too expensive and some handouts to fix the mess? How much less should those people who won t be able to retire when the fund is wiped out take? They ve been putting 6.2 percent of their paycheck into that fund since they started working. How much less should they settle for?As for our other creditors, We re not defaulting on rented furniture. We owe other countries a great deal of money, plus interest, that they provided to us in cash. We use that money to fund the government. If creditors start seeing those kinds of tactics we ll have our credit rating lowered and lose credibility as a country. There s also a good chance the dollar would be removed as the world standard currency. Ask Donald Trump what he ll do when we can t just print more money.The bottom line is, Trump has no idea what he s talking about. The national debt is one of the most misunderstood components of the federal government. For someone to seek the office that holds much influence over how that debt shrinks or grows without understanding it is preposterous, but then again   we are talking about Donald Trump.Featured image from billingsgazette.com",0
6518, Maddow Mocks GOP By Turning Their Freak Out About Trump Into Poetry And Performing It,"MSNBC host Rachel Maddow found the perfect way to simultaneously report and mock the conservative movement s collective freak out that they saddled themselves with Donald Trump as a presidential nominee. She looks their actual words, turned them into spoken word poetry and performed them live on-air.Maddox introduced the segment by claiming she was taking a moment to honor the concerns  of Republicans across the country who, after several years of swinging to the right, landed there with Trump. The Sarah Palins, Rick Perrys and Chris Christies of the party might well be happy to pump Trump, but far greater numbers have simply refused.It speaks volumes about how far the GOP has fallen, that George W. Bush, considered at home and abroad one of the worst and extremist Presidents in US history   is now looking like the moderate wing of the party. Both George W. Bush and his father and former President George Bush Sr have announced their refusal to back Trump in his campaign to be the next President of the United States.Not only does Dubya appear moderate next to Trump, he appears articulate too. Explaining his reasons for rejecting the Trump campaign, he said: I understand that Americans are angry and frustrated. But we do not need someone in the Oval Office who mirrors and inflames our anger and frustration. The former presidents have since been joined by Paul Ryan, Mitt Romney, and Benn Sasse   with other big names in the GOP yet to make their position known.It was all too much for Maddow, who decided to turn this unholy mess into art   and make a seriously hilarious skit out of it all. She takes verbatim quotes from Republicans freaking out about Trump and performs them with all the sincerity of a performance poet. Enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1E609qOmuMFeatured image via screengrab",0
6519, Sacramento Police On The Hunt For Right-Wing Terrorists That Distributed These Racist Flyers,"Denise Calderon, a local community activist in midtown Sacramento, awoke to find white supremacist leaflets distributed on vehicles and local buildings in her neighborhood this week. The violent flyers include an ending statement advocating for mass murder: If you have not secured a body dump-site, do so now! Kidnap, rob, torture for information and execute all Muslims and Latinos. Leave no survivors. The papers were printed so they appeared to be signed by an individual named Greg Winthrow, who is a co-founder and president of the Aryan Youth Movement White Student Union. The organization has been around for a long time, and it ended up getting him kicked out of college when he tried forming a school-based chapter of it in the 1980s. It was so bad that the school had to get a restraining order to keep him off campus. I ve been living here six years. We have all kinds of crazy, but this is a different level of crazy,  Miss Calderon said, regarding the hateful flyers that advocated for the most heinous crimes imaginable towards Latino and Muslim residents of the neighborhood.Winthrow, who is the alleged source of the flyers, was unable to be reached for any comment. An old phone number listed under his name was disconnected. Police are taking the incident seriously; however they have not indicated that they have any evidence as of yet to tie Winthrow directly to them.The flyers seemed to be distributed overnight, as they were discovered first thing in the morning. Reports were that some of the neighborhood children saw the threats as well on their way to school.Efforts are underway in coordination with the local police to obtain surveillance video from the areas affected, in an effort to identify the person or people who covered the neighborhood with them.Featured image via sacbee.com screen capture",0
6520," Trump Is About To Get Secret Intel Briefings, And Spies Are Terrified He’ll Leak","One of the perks and duties of becoming the presidential nominee for one of the major parties is that you get access to daily intelligence briefings from the current administration. Unfortunately, a candidate like Donald Trump has never come along, and spies are worried about what he ll do with the sensitive information he will receive. My concern with Trump will be that he inadvertently leaks, because as he speaks extemporaneously, he ll pull something out of his hat that he heard in a briefing and say it,  said a former senior U.S. intelligence official who has participated in the process of briefing presidential candidates.Unlike his presumed rival, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who would receive the same briefing if she s the Democratic Party nominee, Trump has never sat across the table from U.S. intelligence analysts and been given updates on the latest machinations of ISIS, or efforts by foreign governments to penetrate American computer networks. He also has selected a team of largely unknown advisers who might have trouble helping him to contextualize what he might hear and know what questions to ask.Trump has already demonstrated a habit of regurgitating whatever information comes across his desk or from his team of sycophants. So far he s accused the father of one of his rivals of being involved in the JFK assassination thanks to a sketchy tabloid story, as well as claiming that a member of ISIS threatened him, based on a YouTube parody.The presumptive Republican nominee has not shown that he is of sound enough mind to receive sensitive information about American intelligence, but the Obama administration will be having daily meetings with him and likely the Clinton team anyway, out of sense of tradition.It is up to President Obama to determine how much data can be given to the candidates, and it is doubtful Trump will be given more than the bare minimum necessary to meet the voluntary requirements. Considering Hillary Clinton served as his Secretary of State and was even in the situation room as the Bin Laden raid occurred, it s doubtful there are any reservations about giving her the information.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6521," Great Job, GOP: White Supremacists SO HAPPY Their Guy Won The Nomination","One of the most well-known white supremacists in American history just had his chosen candidate, Donald Trump, become the presumptive Republican presidential candidate. Notorious former KKK Grand Dragon David Duke is letting the entire world know how happy he is to have Trump leading the ticket.On his radio show yesterday, white supremacist David Duke celebrated Donald Trump s victory in Indiana, which made him the presumptive Republican nominee for president. Duke also used the show as yet another opportunity to promote his virulent brand of anti-Semitism, blaming Jewish  neo-cons  for trying to destroy Trump s candidacy and for allegedly controlling the country.Duke asserted that  Jewish extremists have made a terribly crazy miscalculation, because all they re going to be doing by doing a  Never Trump  move ment is exposing their alien, their anti-American, anti-American-majority position.   They re going to push people more into an awareness that the neo cons are the problem, that these Jewish supremacists who con trol our country are the real problem, and the rea son why America is not great. Duke has been on the so-called  Trump Train  for months, expressing pride that for the first time in decades a candidate for one of America s two major parties was openly expressing some of the ideas that the white supremacist movement does.The hate leader loves that Trump has been demonizing Latinos as criminals and  rapists,  while the former Klansman also agrees with Trump s plans to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and his idea of limiting Muslim travel into the United States.It isn t just Duke. Trump has attracted backing from anti-Semites and other bigots, who he has often amplified on social media. Those bigots have also often gone after journalists whose reporting on Trump they find problematic with rape threats, racist and sexist epithets, and worse.A group of white supremacists have even put together pro-Trump robocall efforts in multiple states.Featured image via Flickr",0
6522, It’s Now Official: Democrats Are Beginning To Vote On Doing Away With Superdelegates,"Democrats in the state of Maine appear to be on board with a sentiment that s been floated around by a lot of progressive voters and media personalities in 2016. They are now going to be voting on whether or not to do away with having superdelegates be involved in their primary process starting in 2020.State Rep. Diane Russell introduced the rule. Russel gave comment to the Bangor Daily News, saying: We have a system of government where you have one person, one vote, by and large. The primary system is not when that happens. And I think that we need to start moving toward a system that s more fair, that s more democratic and more reflective of the popular vote. Russell s amendment would change things in the state to where all delegates   including people who are currently superdelegates   were awarded proportionately based on the caucus results of the state.Complaints about the superdelegate aspect to the Democratic primaries have arisen in many election years, but in 2016 they ve been particularly strong due to the fact that there is a perception they are having a disproportionate effect on the primary voting process.As more voters have become aware of the concept of superdelegates, and the fact that they are unelected individuals many of whom are not known to the public and don t necessarily have to represent the people s will  there has been increasing push-back towards the idea of the  progressive  party having what many are calling a partial rigging of primary elections.This issue goes well beyond just the 2016 election. Some voters see the superdelegate issue as a party establishment that is increasingly out of touch with it s voter base, following a recent history of extremely questionable moves made by DNC leadership which are more Republican than Democratic.Rep. Russell is also including a non-binding but  strongly suggested  statement with the rule that Maine delegates vote proportionately in 2016 to better reflect the popular vote results. She chose not to include a mandatory change for 2016, because it would put Maine out of compliance with the rules set by the Democratic National Committee.Featured image via Flickr",0
6523, This Hidden Camera Footage Reveals A Disturbing Fact About Kids And Guns (VIDEO),"New footage from a hidden camera reveals that this country greatly needs to embrace gun reform, despite what the National Rifle Association and right-wing gun nuts would like to have the rest of America believe.Just this year alone, toddlers have shot 23 people. When small children stumble upon a gun, accidental shootings can easily happen, and have become far too common because part of this country is severely underestimating just how ineffective current gun safety measures are.The NRA has insisted that its Eddie Eagle program, which attempts to educate children about firearms, satisfies gun safety requirements for children   but that couldn t be further from the truth. Many parents also believe that while it s unfortunate that some kids get a hold of guns, it couldn t possibly be *their* child.To investigate this, local Charlotte station Fox46 set up a scenario that gave a group of children the opportunity to pick up a gun. With the help of Mecklenburg County Sheriff Irwin Carmichael, several unsupervised toddlers were placed in a playroom with a realistic-looking BB gun and several other toys and games. The only thing Carmichael told the children before he left them alone to play was, So if you find a gun do you touch it? No. No, what should you do? Tell and adult go tell an adult.  Simple enough, right?Some of the children s parents who d volunteered their kids for the experiment were very confident that their child would be smart enough to follow instructions or leave the gun alone. Some parents admitted that they d never even had a conversation with their child about gun safety. What happened next shocked them: Basically proving that guns can be dangerous no matter how clearly you warn a child, the footage showed that a toddler s short attention span and desire to play will often override the safety measures adults try to teach them   especially if they know they re not being watched. While not every child engaged with the fake firearm, it only took 60 seconds of unsupervised playtime before a little boy discovered the BB gun. Just a few minutes later, many of the children were firing the gun at each other.Unfortunately, this is exactly how so many accidental gun deaths happen, and it s time that the NRA and gun-loving conservatives that are against gun safety measures embrace this reality.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6524, Israeli Military General Compares Israel To Nazi Germany At Holocaust Remembrance Day Event,"Israel is in a class all by itself when it comes to perpetuating some of the worst human rights violations of any country on earth today. For decades, Israel has had a policy of ethnically cleansing and robbing the indigenous Palestinian population of its lands and resources and killing them when they resist the atrocities committed against them under the guise of self-defense. Now, an Israeli military general, someone who is one of the leaders of Israel s killing machine, has come out and admitted that Israel today shares many of the same elements as Nazi Germany.Addressing an audience at Tel Yitzhak in central Israel on Holocaust Remembrance Day, Israel Defense Forces Major General Yair Golan dropped a bombshell on the Israel s racist establishment when he said: It s scary to see horrifying developments that took place in Europe begin to unfold here. The Holocaust should bring us to ponder our public lives and, furthermore, it must lead anyone who is capable of taking public responsibility to do so. Because if there is one thing that is scary in remembering the Holocaust, it is noticing horrific processes which developed in Europe   particularly in Germany   70, 80, and 90 years ago, and finding remnants of that here among us in the year 2016. The general was immediately attacked by Israeli government officials. Justice minister Ayelet Shaked told local media that Golan was  a little confused  and that he showed  a lack of understanding, if not a disrespect of the Holocaust.  Yet, it is Shaked who has shown disrespect for humanity when she advocated for the genocide of Palestinians. Here s what she posted on her Facebook page two years ago:   They are all enemy combatants, and their blood shall be on all their heads. Now this also includes the mothers of the martyrs, who send them to hell with flowers and kisses. They should follow their sons, nothing would be more just. They should go, as should the physical homes in which they raised the snakes. Otherwise, more little snakes will be raised there. The next day, Palestinian teenager Muhammad Abu Khudair was kidnapped and burned alive in Jerusalem. Neftali Bennett, leader of one of Israel s right-wing parties also called on General Golan to retract his statements. Bennett is at the forefront of Israel s genocidal and war mongering saber-rattling. He has said of Palestinians: I already killed lots of Arabs in my life, and there is absolutely no problem with that. We should keep in mind that these are not two government ministers with fascist tendencies in the midst of a normal government. Israel today is inherently driven by beliefs that makes the general correct in comparing Israel with Nazi Germany. Zionism, which drives Israel, is an ideology whose adherents advocate for a pure Jewish state. In a land where the majority of the population was not Jewish (97%) in the early 20th Century, Zionists have always advocated for the destruction of the inferior non-Jewish Palestinians to create and maintain their Jewish state. 100 years later, with 2/3 of the Palestinian population ethnically cleansed and not allowed to return to their ancestral homeland, the Israelis see the remaining Palestinians in the Occupied West Bank, Gaze Strip, as well as those inside of Israel, as a demographic threat.The rhetoric of Shaked and Bennett is not the exception to the rule of the state of Israel: It is the norm. For the Palestinians, this will continue to mean their oppression and gradual destruction. It is up to the American people to say no to the billions of dollars a year we send to a country that is thirsty for the removal of an entire people in order to achieve its pure state.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6525, Homophobes Lose Their Damn Minds After Request To ‘Give Elsa A Girlfriend’ Hits Twitter,"In case people weren t already aware, lesbians exist. I know, shocking, right? I mean, one even wrote this article. Reading this could be exposing you to unadulterated homosexuality. Yet, if you re not gay, it s not going to turn you gay. Just as me watching every Disney film featuring an extremely heterosexual princess did not turn me straight. So, how great would it be if their were a lesbian princess?However, it looks as though some folks just couldn t wrap their heads around a simple, innocent request to give Elsa from Disney s hit movie Frozen a girlfriend.I hope Disney makes Elsa a lesbian princess imagine how iconic that would be  Alexis Isabel (@lexi4prez) May 1, 2016Dear @Disney, #GiveElsaAGirlfriend  Alexis Isabel (@lexi4prez) May 1, 2016It would be iconic, and about damn time. Although, many of us already assumed Elsa was gay, and maybe Merida from Brave too. Oooh, how cute would they be together?Unfortunately, there are still a lot of stupid people out there who love to make sure their hatred of the LGBT community is as visible as possible. The homophobia speweth over:Why? This is a CHILDRENS FILM #giveElsaAGirlfriend pic.twitter.com/XXWSoXJqLh  Witchy the Kitten. (@WitchySmiles) May 2, 2016#GiveElsaAGirlfriend is disgusting  Conrad Schwarz (@ConradAnCat) May 2, 2016This person apparently believes homosexuality is an  alternative  who knows, maybe it is for them. Who am I to judge?.@Disney Please #DontGiveElsaAGirlfriend. #GiveElsaAGirlfriend is a terrible idea. Don't make alternative sexuality an issue for children.  EvangelicalArminians (@ArminianSociety) May 2, 2016This person thinks everyone is gay now. In a perfect world, but alas, no #GiveElsaAGirlfriend , are y'all fr? Why does everyone have to be ""gay"" now? Disney characters? Wow.  mini sosa (@AlyssaAriyanna) May 2, 2016Then there s just your typical homophobes:#GiveElsaAGirlfriend? No I'm sorry but this is sickening.   brandon (@handstomyseIf) May 2, 2016And the people who think exposing their children to lesbians would fuck things up:Dear Disney  Don't fuck up my daughter's favorite movie!#GiveElsaAGirlfriend my ass!!!? https://t.co/ts3f4mtX13  StayCalm4Change (@tiarrabanks1) May 2, 2016Some just kept it simple:#GiveElsaAGirlfriend ? I'm not with it  pen griffey (@Naee_Noelle) May 2, 2016It would be so great if @Disney were to #GiveElsaAGirlfriendThere are multiple race princesses, now there needs to be more diversity ????  Kaz   (@FluffetteKaz) May 2, 2016The fact that #GiveElsaAGirlfriend is trending makes me so happy, I wish I had gay @Disney characters to look up to ??  Tyler Thompson (@the_tythompson) May 2, 2016#GiveElsaAGirlfriend there is no reason not to, it's time to teach children of all genders that homosexuality is just as normal and valid  wasd (@phancied) May 2, 2016#GiveElsaAGirlfriend WE NEED THIS. So many families could benefit from this, lets bring kids up to accept all kinds of love.  Jenny 2.0 (Jasmine) (@LaurenToMyHolly) May 2, 2016Some pointed out the delicious hypocrisy:#giveelsaagirlfriend if it's ""okay"" for a girl to date a beast&sexualize a fish, then ofc its okay to date the same gender. #loveislove  Reana (EP trash) (@reana_s_) May 2, 2016Ya think?!Although, this tweet pretty much sums things up perfectly:Spoiler alert: Frozen was a metaphor for a closeted person learning to love herself and your children adored it. #GiveElsaAGirlfriend  Twitnter is Coming (@OhNoSheTwitnt) May 3, 2016No matter which way you look at it, it shouldn t matter either way, and the all the homophobes out there really need to  let it go. Featured image via Facebook",0
6526, BREAKING: Highest-Ranking Elected Republican Says He Won’t Support Trump,"The GOP implosion we have been waiting for has finally come full circle. Now that John Kasich and Ted Cruz have bowed out of the GOP race for the 2016 presidential nomination, Trump pretty much has it in the bag. There s just one problem though: not all avowed Republicans are supporting him. In fact, there s an active #NeverTrump movement, and even a #RepublicansForHillary movement. In other words, sane conservatives are willing to do all they can to stop Trump. Now, we can add another name to the list of prominent republicans to the list of those who cannot find it within themselves to back Trump: House Speaker and GOP Convention Chair Paul Ryan.The New York Times reports that Speaker Ryan insists that the GOP establishment needs a  standard bearer  and Trump is not that. Ryan goes on to say, I don t want to underplay what he accomplished.  That being said, though, Ryan believes that the GOP needs a nominee who  appeals to a vast majority of Americans.  He also said: We hope that our nominee aspires to Lincoln and Reaganesque. I think conservatives want to know does he share our values and our principles. There s a lot of questions conservatives are going to want answers to. Well, Mr. Ryan, sane people, be they liberals, conservatives, or somewhere in between, definitely want nothing to do with the bigotry that Trump is spewing. He is not a man we need anywhere near any position of power. however, you and your GOP compatriots have spent eons playing to the bigotry of the Stupid People of America, and this is your result. You created this monster. Now, you handle it. Get rid of Trump at all costs, unless you want your party to die a slow and painful death sometime between now and November. You are already more than well on your way.Trump is dangerous. Your job is to put country before party, not the other way around. Perhaps your speaking sense today, Speaker Ryan, will rub off on your fellow republican politicians. We can hope and dream, right?Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
6527, Newspaper Cover Perfectly Demonstrates What Will Happen To Trump And GOP On Election Day (IMAGE),"Trump and Republican Party are f*cked on Election Day, according to an Orange County newspaper cover published on Thursday by editor-in-chief Gustavo Arellano.OC Weekly s cover features a nude Trump being mounted by the Democratic donkey. The donkey urges readers to  Check out our Trump coverage  as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee yells  It s yuuuge! Here s the cover via OC Weekly:Image via OC WeeklyThe cover is the perfect demonstration of what will happen on Election Day if the Republican Party makes Trump their nominee.While Trump is leading Democratic rival Hillary Clinton 54-41 among white voters, a CNN poll reveals that the GOP is in for a historic defeat among non-white voters who back Clinton 81-14. Women are also backing Clinton in eager anticipation of seeing the first woman occupy the White House and, you know, the fact that Trump is anti-women and believes women should be punished for having an abortion.Hispanic voters in particular have every reason to vote against Trump in November considering how much he has been denigrating them over the course of his campaign. For more than a year, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has peddled all sorts of nasty myths against Mexicans, from painting undocumented immigrants as rapists and Typhoid Marias to insisting a massive wall on the U.S.-Mexico border will make America great again,  Arellano wrote explaining why the cover was chosen. Besides, Democrats violating Trump from behind is what he can expect when he faces Hillary Clinton come November. Enjoy our package, and don t forget to register to vote!  he concluded.If Republicans seriously think they can win in November with Trump as their candidate they are delusional. The fact of the matter is that Trump s campaign appeals to white racists who are whining about an imaginary persecution by society because they aren t allowed to discriminate against people they hate.For now, at least we get to watch how angry Trump gets after he sees this cover. That reaction should be priceless.Featured Image: Getty Images/Mark Wilson",0
6528, Trump’s First Stab At Hispanic Outreach Is Tweeting This Awful Picture Of Him Eating A Taco,"Trump s first week as the Republican nominee is off to a hilariously bad start.Perhaps reading the latest polls that found a staggering seventy-seven percent of Hispanic Americans have a negative opinion of Trump (and that s putting it lightly), Trump did the only thing a man of his unchecked narcissism could think of: He bought a taco from the lobby of Trump Tower. Yikes.Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! https://t.co/ufoTeQd8yA pic.twitter.com/k01Mc6CuDI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2016Trump s version of Hispanic outreach is reducing a Mexican holiday to a stereotype and plugging the  Trump Tower Grill  in a tweet. In case you re wondering how  authentic  his taco was, the Trump Tower Grill probably has the highest proportion of white people of any place in the country. It s so white, that it s nearly impossible to find a single person of color in any of its promotional materials.via Trump Tower NYNeedless to say, this bit of shameless pandering to a group he launched his political career on labeling  drug dealers and rapists  has not gone over well..@realDonaldTrump this tweet is useless without a sombrero and black mustachehttps://t.co/S5zuo9K8in  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) May 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Mexico hates you  Mayo De Cinco (@SinnerlnSecret) May 5, 2016No, I didn't predict that the Republican Party would lose its fucking mind. https://t.co/THHsGoBuBh  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) May 5, 2016Meanwhile, Trump s fans managed to remind the rest of us why Hispanics don t love Trump. @realDonaldTrump They will come here legally!  Born Conservative (@BornToBeGOP) May 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Thank You! LEGAL immigrants are welcome  Jesse #Trump2016 (@EaglesJesse) May 5, 2016Trump is positioned to lose the election by numbers not seen in decades. Having swept the primaries by appealing to the Republican base, his chances of winning in the general are projected to hover slightly above zero. Thanks to his racism, xenophobia, sexism, and hate-crime advocacy, Trump may have a lot of friends in the conservative movement, but he s turned off nearly everyone else.Posing for pictures with a taco sums up exactly why he is so universally reviled. It s not just that he doesn t  get it , he doesn t seem to even care.Featured image via Twitter",0
6529, Seth Meyers Breaks Down The Scary Reality Of Trump’s Inevitable Nomination (VIDEO),"During a segment of Closer Look, Seth Meyers examined the reality that is an inevitable Donald Trump GOP presidential nomination.After Trump s win in Indiana, The Zodiac Killer Ted Cruz dropped out of the race. Meyers spent the beginning of the segment recounting Cruz s final moments before the fall of his campaign. That fall was partly literal. In a last ditch effort, Cruz had announced Carly Fiorina as his VP pick and running mate for the campaign. During a campaign event, Fiorina fell while on stage. Meyers played a clip of Trump roasting Cruz over his lack of effort to try and help Fiorina out during the event. Trump said that even he would have helped her.Meyers commented on Trump s statement saying: Even I would have helped her.  Not only does Trump know he s an asshole, he knows that we know he s an asshole.  Even I would have helped her and watching women fall down is basically my favorite thing,'  Meyers said while impersonating Trump.Later in the segment, Meyers gets savage with this one question for the GOP: This should be a serious moment of introspection for Republicans. How did they get to the point where they re handing their nomination to a race-baiting, xenophobic serial liar who peddles conspiracy theories? It probably has to do with the GOP s southern strategy. After the fall of the old Jim Crow, Republicans took advantage of southern white people s racism. They invented a coded language that would allow them to say and do incredibly racist things while in public. How else would the GOP get poor whites to vote for the interests of the rich?The reason that the GOP is about to have a race-baiting, xenophobic serial liar who peddles conspiracy theories is because they have spent the last 40 years crystallizing a public that will consent to such rule. When working class white people are confronted with hyper objects such as income inequality or other concepts hard to personally conceptualize, they default to a leader who gives them the answers they were taught to accept as reality.You can watch the segment below, in full.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
6530, Duggar-Linked Ministry Building A ‘Retreat’ Where Christian Dads Can Trade Their Teen Daughters,"It s becoming increasingly clear that when TLC decided to promote a story of the fundamentalist Christian Duggar family, they weren t just idolizing right-wing anti-gay bigots, they were legitimizing a toxic cult that for years had lived in the shadows and now   thanks to increasing exposure   has begun to fester and grow. Quiverfull,  the fundamentalist movement run by a man named Vaughn Ohlman, works to silence and control women in ways that wouldn t seem entirely out of place in regions controlled by the Taliban. Its  pitch  is that women should be subservient to their husbands, and relied on primarily for household chores and churning out babies. (The  full  quiver in the name is a nod to the number of children each family is encouraged to have   as many as possible.)But if mature women are reduced to home- and baby-makers, then girls are seen as less than that.Enter Ohlman s brand new  retreat  designed specifically for Christian dads to meet up and plan who they will give their daughters to, particularly troublesome ones who may be nearly out of high school and haven t found a husband yet.Called the  Get Them Married!  retreat, the group s announcement is deeply disturbing.We at Let Them Marry Ministries are excited to finally be able to announce our plans for the Get Them Married Retreat. We ve set our plans and are accepting applications. Pending sufficient signups and barring unforeseen contingencies, we will be hosting the first Get Them Married Retreat this fall. Unforeseen contingencies  might include the fact that nowhere in Let Them Marry Ministries  lengthy post is the consent of the children ever acknowledged.  Let them marry  really means  let us marry them off. This is made explicit in the  rules :For the purposes of this conference we ask that a young man who is interested in a young woman approach her father (mother, brother, etc.) before approaching her. In the case where he is interested in a young woman who is not accompanied, we ask that the young man speak privately to one of the retreat staff members.As Raw Story points out, Ohlman is very big on the idea that children should be married as soon as possible. His criteria for when a girl is  ready  is between the ages of 13 and 20 (they claim they take a hard stand against 12-year-olds getting married. That is their red line). The specifics are even more disturbing:How much will this retreat set you back? Depends. If you want a family sized cottage, be prepared to spend around $1200. If you just want to send your  older, marriageable kids  to a gender-specific bunkhouse with other older, marriageable kids, they can stay for as low as $130.That gets you a bed, meals, and a schedule full of lectures, activities and what they call  intentionally blank spots for networking. So the next time you come across a Duggar (and yes, they re back on TLC, despite everything), remember that the  family values  and longing to return to the good old days means this sort of theocratic nightmare. They have a very specific vision, and it s not pretty.UPDATE: The Salvation Army, which had originally agreed to host the retreat on their property in Wichita, Kansas, has reportedly backed   and quite possibly ran   away from this incoming disaster. The group will now have to find a new place to hold their child marriage swap.Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
6531, Colbert Asks God Why He Let Trump Be The GOP Nominee And The Response Is Hilarious (VIDEO),"Not many people would have guessed that a racist, misogynist, billionaire demagogue would be the nominee for the Republican Party for president of the United States. To the surprise and disgust of many, including the GOP establishment, (which by the way is quite funny to watch), Donald Trump today is the king of the Republican Party. But in all seriousness, how could such an individual now be so close to the most powerful position on the face of the planet? Stephen Colbert posed this question and looked to God for an answer. Colbert asked: God, I have a difficult question for you. God why did you let Donald Trump become the Republican nominee? God:  What? Shut the front door no way! You mean Trump the guy with the weird hair who sold steaks at the Sharper Image? Colbert: Yes  Haven t you been following the election? God:  Oh my god he s the worst. Stephen, I ve been pretty  busy to follow the election. I ve been dealing with a supernova, I have to decide who wins the NBA finals. What happened to Jeb? I thought he was a sure thing. What is with you people? Come on, I give you free will and you nominate a guy who looks like a microwave circus peanut? That s it, I m taking away your opposable thumbs. While this skit is hilarious, it also has a clear message: If God were watching, he would be shaking his head at how the greatest country in the history of the world would consider electing a guy who not only lacks the experience for the office of the presidency, but who is also dangerous to the long fought for democracy of this country.Let s all go out and vote this November to ensure this man does not attain power.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJIllWIRx-M]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6532, Right-Wing Mom Beats Her Kids To A Bloody Pulp To ‘Lead’ Them To God (VIDEO),"The right-wing mom who forced her children to sing songs to the Bundy terrorists after they seized a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon experienced a revolt of her own when her children took away her guns and fled the house in search of help from law enforcement.The five kids escaped the home because they wanted the beatings they constantly endured to end.Authorities arrested Odalis Sharp on Friday for beating the children bloody with a rod in the name of God in what she called her way of leading them to Christianity. We need to turn to God, because the system is corrupt,  Sharp said before accusing the government of waging a vendetta against her.  They lie, they twist, they make false charges, they abuse people, and then they turn around and put people in prison, and then they accuse them of abuse. But it isn t the government accusing Sharp of abuse, it s her own children.They testified on Wednesday that their mother mercilessly abused them most days of the week by calling them names, forcing them to eat soap, and beating them bloody with a belt or rod as well as slapping them and hitting them in their private parts. They said it s typical to always receive some type of bruising and other times have bled from the swats,  a social worker told the court.  The children told me they were fearful. They did not want to return to their mother. The sheriff also described how one child told him that one of spankings  consisted of 47 swats,  and that after 27 spankings the abused child began bleeding. Sharp s 15-year-old son fled the home to escape constant beatings as well and Sharp explained it by saying the boy rejected  the right, wholesome and pure path in which I was leading him   in which God was leading us. And the kids don t have to go back to their mother either because the judge removed the children from Sharp s custody and placed them in the custody of the Kansas Department of Children and Families.Here s the video of Sharp s rant via YouTube.This is yet another case of how conservatives twist and use religion to excuse horrible acts. This woman dragged her kids to the center of a standoff between the FBI and a bunch of gun-toting right-wing terrorists and that s on top of the constant beatings they suffered at the hands of their mother who actually thinks she is doing God s work by bloodying up her kids.That probably makes televangelist Pat Robertson smile, but is hardly an acceptable way to treat children in modern society. If you have to resort to beating religion into kids, your religion is truly weak.Featured image via screenshot",0
6533, Trump Promises To Destroy The USA During Interview With Lester Holt (VIDEO),"A lot of people have said that Donald Trump would start sounding more  presidential if he managed to secure the Republican nomination. This meant that he would tone down his rhetoric, maybe try to bring the country together inside of dividing us and attempt to gain the support of Independent voters by sounding like an intelligent human being. Trump, however, has proven that he has different plans and he doesn t give a f*ck about uniting this country.On Wednesday evening, the presumptive nominee for the GOP sat down with NBC Nightly News host Lester Holt for an interview and promised more of the same.Holt asked, As you try to appeal to the whole country, do you stand, for example, by the idea of a ban on foreign Muslims coming into the country?  Trump responded: I do. We have to be vigilant. We have to be strong. We have to see what s going on. There s a big problem in the world happening with the migration in Europe, you look at Germany, it s crime riddled right now. LIES! Germany is absolutely not  riddled  with crime. Trump is so full of shit. Last year the German Federal Office of Criminal Investigation studied crime rates in the country to see if there was a rise due to the Syrian refugees fleeing to the country and found:Crimes committed by refugees stood at the same level as those committed by native Germans. These findings are the result of an initial evaluation conducted by the BKA in cooperation with all federal states and commissioned by the Ministry of the Interior.Interior Minister Thomas de Maizi re said that based on the numbers presently available, he would forecast refugees to be as prone to committing crimes as native Germans are. He explained that he had ordered the report in early October in order to provide proof to  dispel rumors about an increase in criminal acts in Germany. This another lie just like the one about only  bad  Mexicans coming to the United States. The interview with Holt proved that 1) Trump has not plan to tone down his hateful rhetoric and 2) he has no plans to start telling the truth. There is no way he is going to win over the voters he needs if he continues down the path that he is on. Unless he wakes up one day and starts talking about equality, inclusiveness and apologizes to all of the people he offended, he has no chance in hell of EVER sitting behind the desk in the Oval Office. But if a miracle happened and he somehow won, he would absolutely destroy our country   he just let us know.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6534," President Obama Restores Consumer’s Rights To Sue The Big Banks For Misconduct, Cracks Down On Tax Evasion","This is something you won t hear on Fox News anytime soon: President Obama is making the lives of honest, hardworking consumers a little better by allowing them to, again, sue big banks for misconduct.Working through the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Obama Administration quietly pushed for new regulations that force the biggest financial institutions to backtrack on a secret clause hidden in contracts that hinders arbitration from consumers who feel they are victims from credit and banking misconduct.Meaning, if the big banks and credit card companies screw you over, you can take them to court and make them pay (finally) for their mistakes. No more stonewalling. No more  too bad, so sad. The new rule clearly states:Pursuant to section 1028(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203), the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (Bureau) is proposing to establish 12 CFR part 1040, which would contain regulations governing two aspects of consumer finance dispute resolution.  First, the proposed rule would prohibit covered providers of certain consumer financial products and services from using an agreement with a consumer that provides for arbitration of any future dispute between the parties to bar the consumer from filing or participating in a class action with respect to the covered consumer financial product or service.  Second, the proposal would require a covered provider that is involved in an arbitration pursuant to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement to submit specified arbitral records to the Bureau.Night and day. No more B.S. Once again, Elizabeth Warren s brainchild is swooping in to protect the people most preyed upon by greedy conglomerates.And it only gets better.The Obama Administration is also directing the Treasury to crackdown heavily on U.S. companies that take advantage of tax inversions, where they buy a company in a foreign country for a lower tax rate and then use those foreign resources to skip out on paying their fair share back here in the U.S., which costs our economy billions.According to Vox:The new rules announced on April 4 are different because they specifically target the most lucrative part of an inversion    earnings stripping  tactics, whereby the strategic use of debt and interest payments are used to transfer profits from a US-based subsidiary to a foreign-based one.Both of these new rules, at the behest of a Democratic administration, will put a dent in the money making machine of big banks who skirt the rules and screw over the people for an extra buck. Economist and tax expert Robert Willens told the Wall Street Journal that this new rule will take  all of the juice out of inversions. These new rules already are threatening the mega-merger of pharmaceutical conglomerates Pfizer and Allergan, which stands to make over $150 billion, the largest merger of its kind.Still think both parties are the same? While the GOP just picked a liar and a financial cheater as their nominee, the Democrat s two-time picked candidate is working to bring money back to the Treasury and the pockets of the people.Thank you, President Obama!Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
6535," WATCH: Rob Reiner Accurately Describes Trump Supporters On Morning Joe, All Hell Breaks Loose","Some people just can t handle the truth, even if it s handed to them on a silver platter. So, when legendary filmmaker Rob Reiner told Joe Scarborough to his face that Donald Trump supporters are racist, it did not go over well. You see, Scarborough has pretty much given Trump an open platform to spew his fallacies and propaganda on his MSNBC show Morning Joe practically any time he wants. Reiner clearly kicked the hornets  nest by being so honest directly to Scarborough s face.After being asked why people may support Trump, Reiner said: There are a lot of people who are racist. Which got the reply,  Oh my God! Did you just say that? But Reiner didn t back away from the obvious truth. He added: That s true. They re not all racist  there are a lot of people who are. There is racism in this country that has been submerged for a long, long time. And all of a sudden there s a man speaking He s then interrupted by Scarborough who tried to say Trump supporters may just be angry working class Americans, so Reiner responded: Let me say this to that. There are those that are following Bernie Sanders that feel the same way. Then when Mika Brzezinski insinuates Reiner is calling them racist too, Reiner says: No, do you see any racist people at the Bernie rallies? Do you see any skinheads?  You can see when somebody s got a tattoo with a swastika and stuff. C mon Joe, be honest here. Reiner is then continued to be dismissed by pretty much everyone, because apparently the truth is too much for them to bear. He also makes the very good point that Trump is not doing a good enough job of dismissing his very racist base of voters. For goodness sake, he s been endorsed by white supremacists! Instead, Trump embraces support from pretty much anyone who tosses it his way, racist or not, and that s become very evident.Let s just put it this way, not all Trump supporters are racist, but if you re racist, you re probably voting for Donald Trump.Watch here:WATCH: How does director Rob Reiner explain the millions who voted for @realDonaldTrump? Here s his simple answer. https://t.co/HgFwRqhMoB  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) May 5, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6536, The White Vote Can’t And Won’t Save Trump – Republicans Are Screwed,"Donald Trump is now the unofficially declared Republican nominee. Congratulations, Republicans, you went from Abraham Lincoln, to Dwight D. Eisenhower, to George W. Bush, and now Trump. We didn t think it could get much worse, but it did.Thankfully for the Democrats and other sane Americans, both Clinton and Sanders stand to beat Trump in a landslide in a general election. The math favors Clinton to be the Democratic nominee, for she only needs roughly 180 more delegates out of the 1,100+ left in the rest of the contests. No matter who you support, this is a good thing.So, unless there is a divine intervention (on both sides), it s going to be Trump v. Clinton.Anti-establishment Republicans are elated though for some weird reason   their candidate is screwed.Take a look at the numbers: CNN has Clinton beating Trump 54-41 percent, a thirteen point lead. That s pretty sizable. And what s even more remarkable is the fact that Trump leads Clinton with white voters by only nine points (52-43). Remember, white voters are supposed to be Trump s saving grace in this election   the angry white voter, new-age Southern Strategy  is supposed to carry the xenophobic buffoon, and he is only leading by nine points.In 2008, McCain garnered 55 percent of white voters to Obama s 43 percent   12 point difference   and still lost.In 2012, Romney nabbed 59 percent of whites to Obama s dismal 39 percent   a 20 point difference   and still lost.Projections show that Trump will have to win 70 percent of white voters if he wants to take the White House. And why is that? Because Clinton is absolutely crushing him among non-white voters. In CNN s poll, 81 percent of nonwhite voters are backing Clinton, while 14 percent are backing Trump, a 67 point difference.That s not even taking into consideration the entire female vote, which Trump is losing in historic proportions.And it certainly doesn t help that Republicans have lost ground with white voters (and white men) while Democrats have picked up the Republican s slack. Reuters found:Among whites under 40, the shift is even more dramatic. In 2012, they were more likely to identify with the Republican Party by about 5 percentage points. In 2015, the advantage flipped: Young whites are now more likely to identify with the Democratic Party by about 8 percentage points.Bottom line: the white vote cannot and will not save Donald Trump. The face of the nation has changed, the demographics have shifted, and it s no longer going to be the white man calling the shots. And no matter how many races and religions Trump wants to ban, the rhetoric will not be enough for his racist base. Of course never say never. There is always a chance he could win   if Democrats get too comfortable and stay home. But if Democrats get out and vote, Trump will lose, and lose huge.Let s put the final nail in the white dominance coffin and send a message to the bigots on the Trump train.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6537, ‘The Lord’ Told A Trump-Loving Tow Truck Driver To Leave A Disabled Woman Stranded–So He Did,"Shupee Max Towing in Traveler s Rest, South Carolina apparently has some rules if you re looking to actually be towed somewhere. At least that s what Cassy McWade found out when she was in an accident and her family called for a tow. Her regular mechanic wasn t available, so they called Ken Shupe, who arrived on the scene in about an hour.McWade, most likely relieved to see the car being cared for and the incident behind her, was stunned when Shupe came around the car, told her he couldn t help her because of who she supports, got in his truck and drove away. Yes, that just happened. According to WLOS News 13: He goes around back and comes back and says  I can t tow you.  My first instinct was there must be something wrong with the car. And he says,  No, you re a Bernie supporter.  And I was like wait, really? And he says,  Yes ma am,  and just walks away. This Bernie sign and a message from the lord were all Ken Shupe needed to be an ignorant jerk   screen captureShupe claims it was a moment of clarity. He says he thinks the Lord came to him and told him to get in his truck and leave. With his backwards-thinking head held high and his ignorance on his sleeve, this idiot left a disabled woman sitting on the sidewalk. McWade, 25, suffers from fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, psoriatic arthritis and early-onset Crohn s. All of which she said made the waiting by the side of the road with no restroom nearby  terrifying.  McWade Told WLOS: I personally don t believe that you don t have to agree on anything just to be kind to one another. I was like, what did I do to you? You know, I do believe I try to do right by people. So I was offended, and I don t know what exactly he thinks I would have done to him directly by being a believer in Bernie. Shupe s claims that it was all about his convictions and a message from God came crashing down when he got to the real reason he doesn t want to do business with Bernie Supporters: I ve had some horrible experiences in the last six months with towing cars for this mindset individuals, in that I don t get paid. They want to argue about a $50 tow bill, and it turns into just a drama and a fuss. And I said, you know, I m not going to associate with them, and I m not going to do any business with them. I m really not interested in doing business with that clientele, In other words,  I believe Bernie supporters are socialist commies who want stuff for free because internet memes tell me so, so my ignorant self just wasted a bunch a gas and made myself look like an imbecile in public.  It would be highly doubtful that anyone could corroborate this guy s stories about all of his terrible misdealings with Bernie supporters. Should have stuck with God; at least the zealots will give you GoFundMe money.Watch the report from WLOS below:Featured image via screen capture",0
6538, Nobody Can Make Sense Of What Donald Trump Is Saying In This Video — Is It Even English?,"By his own admission, Donald Trump screwed up his answer in an MSNBC town hall meeting hosted by Chris Matthews. In the event, Trump said he believed abortion should be banned, and that if such a law had come to pass, women who had abortions should be  punished. Trump was immediately condemned not just by pro-choice groups, but by conservative Republican groups, who push for making abortion illegal but don t like to deal with the unpopular fallout that would come with making those laws (if abortion is murder, both women and their doctors would be committing a crime).Trump walked back the statement soon after. Perhaps he was too intoxicated with wrapping up the nomination on Wednesday morning, but MSNBC s Willie Geist asked him about the abortion question and his response, and absolute gibberish came out:TRUMP: He was asking me a theoretical, or just a question in theory, and I talked about it only from that standpoint. Of course not. And that was done, he said, you know, I guess it was theoretically, but he was asking me a rhetorical question, and I gave an answer. And by the way, people thought from an academic standpoint, and asked rhetorically, people said that answer was an unbelievable academic answer. But of course not, and I said that afterwards. Everybody understands that.He would have probably been better off with his deeply unpopular answer in the first MSNBC interview, or even the subsequent apologies and tapdancing. Instead, as he so often has during the campaign, Trump tries to sound smarter than he is and gets tied up.Of course, especially 0n the very Trump-friendly Morning Joe, he wasn t asked to clarify his comments or even tell viewers what planet he beamed them in from in order to make heads or tails of it.Featured image via YouTube",0
6539, WATCH: These Videos Will Make Trump The Most Toxic Candidate EVER,"As John Kasich became the last rival to pull out of his campaign, ceding the Republican presidential nomination to Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton welcomed her opponent to the adult table and released a pair of web videos designed to define the candidate and make it so no sane voter could pull the lever for him this fall.With the release of the new material, Clinton began to answer one of the biggest questions of 2016: How hard and how strong will Democrats go after Trump, and what will the difference be between those ads and ads released by the so-called #NeverTrump groups on the right?Unlike many of the conservative ads, who claimed Trump was a fake member of their movement, the Clinton videos just attack Trump for his unpopular conservative ideas while also pointing out his historic unpopularity.In addition to a biting video highlighting conservatives attacking Trump, the web videos showed that Clinton is going nuclear, making Trump s right wing positions toxic in the general election.The first video takes Trump at his word, and shows a montage of the reality TV star making promises on the campaign trail. These include unpopular ideas like getting rid of gun free zones at schools, defunding Planned Parenthood, building his silly wall at the U.S.   Mexico border, banning Muslim travel, and pushing waterboarding.""Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks.""  TrumpHere's what the presumptive @GOP nominee would do as president.https://t.co/SG6qjpzJ8E  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 4, 2016The second video points out just what nominating Trump means for what the Republican Party now stands for. It explains that the party of Lincoln has now, as its leader, chosen a man who mocks the disabled, attacks immigrants, and refuses to condemn a former KKK grand wizard s endorsement.The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.https://t.co/kCWJ9m2zNE  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 5, 2016The path to victory for Democrats in the fall is going to require that they go after Trump with a hard edge, and avoid the nuance and caution that has too often made the party come up short in presidential campaigns. With this pair of videos, the Clinton campaign seems to be yelling out that they came to play.Featured image via Twitter",0
6540, Wait Until You See The Insane Tweet The Official GOP Twitter Account Just Sent Out,"It appears that someone has possibly hacked the GOP s official Twitter account. On Wednesday evening, they sent out an absolutely crazy tweet that simply cannot be real. The account, @GOP, tweeted that  the party is better  with a pretty much guaranteed Donald Trump nomination. Considering the massive fracturing and panic going around in GOP circles right now due to Trump s divisive bid for the presidency, one would think that the GOP establishment wouldn t be too happy that he seems to be in it to win his way to Pennsylvania Avenue in November. Here is the tweet:Thank you to the entire Republican field for a hard fought race. The Party is better for your efforts.  GOP (@GOP) May 4, 2016If you think that tweet is absurd, the responses to it are nothing short of side-splitting funny. Here are just a few:.@GOP The party is better? pic.twitter.com/plBFl1TyA6  Bate Felix Tabi Tabe (@BateFelix) May 4, 2016.@GOP pic.twitter.com/WcdxLrLH8B  Taylor Maycan (@TaylorMaycan) May 4, 2016.@GOP pic.twitter.com/P2W9mufZnW  Jessica Valenti (@JessicaValenti) May 4, 2016.@GOP pic.twitter.com/7EvVGPjRGC  Jake Ciorciari (@jakekyle) May 4, 2016.@GOP Thank you to the entire Republican field for a hard fought race. The Party is better for your efforts. pic.twitter.com/6igslCUJjP  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) May 5, 2016.@GOP pic.twitter.com/KPoPa5x0CJ  Carl Gustav (@CaptYonah) May 5, 2016.@GOP pic.twitter.com/5mNFCQZuuQ  Kristopher Tapley (@kristapley) May 4, 2016Now, if this is for real, they re even more nuts than we originally believed. There s no way that the GOP establishment believes that Trump is a good thing for their party or for the country. He s an obnoxious, violent, thin-skinned spoiled brat. All of that aside, he s also nothing but a reality television personality. That does not = presidential material. Being rich and famous does not make one fit to occupy the Oval Office.Congratulations, dumbass Republicans. You ve effectively allowed that buffoon to make your party into a laughingstock around the nation and the world.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6541," Missouri Republican Calls Getting Pregnant The ‘Silver Lining’ Of Rape, Pushes Abortion Ban","If Republicans had hoped to escape 2016 without pulling a  Todd Akin  and costing themselves yet another election over idiotic abortion comments, they just lost it.In Missouri, a contentious fight over giving  personhood  rights to fetuses (and therefore legally defining abortion as murder), has given rise to one of the most horrific pro-life arguments made so far. Tila Hubrect, a state representative arguing in favor of  fetal personhood  claimed that abortion should be outlawed even in cases of rape because getting pregnant is the  silver lining  of the  bad  situation.Her comments were captured by Progress Missouri:It is not up to us to say  no, just because there was a rape, they cannot exist.  Sometimes bad things happen   horrible things   but sometimes God can give us a silver lining through the birth of a child.Many conservative pro-lifers think it, Hubrect just said it out loud: Women are baby factories and if they happen to get pregnant while being raped, then look on the bright side.The sickening conclusion is that women should be given absolutely no choice in who they conceive with.Missouri s Republicans are currently trying to make that conclusion fully realized with a particularly egregious pro-life bill that would define  personhood  at the moment of conception. This would allow fetuses to be given  due process  and possibly assigned state lawyers to file suits against their mothers if they tried to seek an abortion. Taken to its logical conclusion (which the Supreme Court would certainly take issue with), women could be held accountable for murder if they were to exercise their right to an abortion.Rep. Jay Barnes (R) recently bragged to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that this bill would make Missouri the most  pro-life state in the country  over night. He and people like Hubrect aren t messing around.Even in conservative Missouri, however, there seems to be limits to how far people are willing to let lawmakers control their bodies. Coincidentally or not, Missouri is also the home of former Rep. Todd Akin, who infamously floated the bogus theory that if there is a  legitimate rape  then the female body has ways to shut down her uterus and avoid a pregnancy. Akin went on to get positively demolished in his election to Democrat Claire McCaskill.It seems likely that Hubrect, perhaps overly giddy at the implications of this bill, may have just given her fellow Republican lawmakers a lot of heartache on Election Day.Listen to Hubrect s comments below:Featured image via LinkedIn",0
6542, The Rolling Stones Are DONE With Trump Using Their Music (VIDEO),"The Rolling Stones are now on a growing list of rock stars who have asked Republicans to stop using their music. This time it was Donald Trump, who has been playing the Stones  music at his rallies.Just one day after Trump unofficially sealed the GOP nomination, the band stated that they had not given permission for the billionaire to use their music and they asked that he  cease all use immediately. Ironically, the song in question is  You Can t Always Get What You Want,  which is about compromise   something the Republicans know little to nothing about and something that goes against everything Donald Trump has been campaigning against. The campaign has also played  Start Me Up. Trump, who will take anyone to court for virtually anything, seems not to care very much about artists  intellectual property rights.Trump, perhaps more than most candidates, uses music to energize his crowds. Here s just one small sample, although not with the song in question:TrumpTube, which is like YouTube for Donald Trump, posted his playlist and the Rolling Stones song is still at the very top, with an unofficial video, of course.Adele and Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler both asked the candidate to stop using their recorded songs to fire up crowds. Neil Young also objected when the real estate mogul used  Rockin  in the Free World  during his campaign kickoff announcement last year. In those cases, the Trump campaign stopped using the songs.Source: CBS NewsTwisted Sister is also twisted up about Trump using their music without permission. Noted liberals R.E.M. were also fed up with being used by Trump.Trump is far from the only Republican to receive backlash from artists for using their music. FiveThirtyEight compiled this list last year, after Neil Young told Trump to knock it off. The list begins with Ronald Reagan, after Bruce Springsteen famously told him that  Born In The USA  didn t mean what Reagan thought it did. Both Bushes received cease and desist orders. John McCain made enemies of a whopping nine artists   as diverse as ABBA, Heart, Jackson Brown, Tom Petty and the Foo Fighters. John Cougar Mellencamp had to ask two GOP candidates, McCain and Reagan, to stop using  Pink Houses.  Again, they had no idea what that song was about.Whether Trump (or any others of the candidates) was really violating copyright law is up to interpretation. Most commercially marketed music is licensed through one of two organizations, ASCAP and BMI. Campaigns can buy licenses without the artists  permission in most cases, however, some of the more powerful and influential artists do have some say over what songs can be included in the licensing agreements.Trump s campaign hasn t yet commented.Featured image via YouTube screen shot.",0
6543," After Trump’s Win, Conservatives Are Begging The Senate To Approve Obama’s SCOTUS Pick (VIDEO)","A lot has changed since Ted Cruz dropped out of the race for the GOP presidential nomination, leaving Donald Trump as the presumptive nominee. Well, perhaps not a lot has changed, but it was a bit of a shocker when, because of Trump s victory, the  ber conservative website RedState suggested that now would be the time for the Senate to approve the nomination of Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.Now, to be fair, RedState, which is published by Erick Erickson, a man once called the most powerful conservative in America, has never been a fan of Trump. Much of the blog s front page, as of late, has been dedicated to the #NeverTrump movement. Here is how badly RedState wants you not to vote for Trump:I say this without rancor, sarcasm or ill will. For anyone who wants to know what s next for the #NeverTrump movement, the answer is that we don t vote for Trump. Each person will deal with that differently   some will vote for third party or not vote. Some will vote for Hillary. #NeverTrump means different things to different people except for one thing   it means we will not vote for Trump, not ever. And nothing that s happened tonight has changed that.Over the course of the next few weeks and months and years, as a conservative movement we will spend a great deal of time in self reflection, examining the weaknesses in our movement that allowed a cancer like Trump to flourish in our midst. We will have hard decisions to make about our affiliation with the Republican party, and what we will do with our votes in November.But one thing and one thing only remains certain: Donald Trump will never have our vote. We said it, and we meant it.Yikes. But what does that have to do with the nomination of Merrick Garland? Well, RedState is convinced that there s no way on earth that Trump could make it to the White House, and that if Hillary nominates someone, she might nominate a *duh duh duh* liberal.Now that Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee, this is not even a close call. There is absolutely no reason to drag this out any longer. Garland is not a great choice, but he is not a terrible one, either. And more than anything, he is old (for a modern Supreme Court appointment) and will be up for replacement in probably 10 years instead of 20 or 30.Republicans must know that there is absolutely no chance that we will win the White House in 2016 now. They must also know that we are likely to lose the Senate as well. So the choices, essentially, are to confirm Garland and have another bite at the apple in a decade, or watch as President Clinton nominates someone who is radically more leftist and 10-15 years younger, and we are in no position to stop it.Unfortunately, no matter how many Senators agree with RedState, there s little chance that Garland will see a confirmation hearing. Only one man stands between him and the hearing, and that man has vowed to never, under any circumstances, negotiate with terrorists President Obama. Even as of Wednesday, Mitch McConnell is standing resolute to obstruct.To be fair, RedState s article wasn t an editorial stance. Erickson himself hates Trump, probably as much as you or I, but he s not ready to go so far as to concede anything to the black man in the White House. Naturally, he didn t say that, but he is concerned that independents might vote for Hillary. From NBC News: If Republicans confirm Merrick Garland, in addition to further alienating the Republican base, they risk taking away keep arguments that can persuade independent voters to go with a Republican Senate. Ticket splitting is a rare phenomenon in the United States, but this is a rare election where ticket splitting is a real possibility,  Erickson wrote.Yes, ticket splitting is a real possibility, but 2/3 of Americans want to see at least a hearing, if not a confirmation. Perhaps going forward with a hearing could help solidify the fractured party.Featured image via Wikimedia. ",0
6544, DOJ Tells North Carolina Republicans That Anti-LGBT Law Violates Civil Rights Act,"There has been a national uproar over HB2 ever since North Carolina Republicans passed it into law last month. The law allows business owners to discriminate against LGBT customers and employees under the guise of religious freedom, including transgender people, whom Republicans claim are a threat to women and children in bathrooms despite the fact that there have been no instances of a transgender person using protections to defend sexually assaulting a woman or child in a bathroom.What HB2 has done is cause an all-out revolt against the state by lawmakers, corporations, small businesses, activists, and entertainers. Business projects are being halted and concerts are being cancelled, causing a loss of potential jobs and needed boosts to local economies.And it is about to get even worse as North Carolina now faces the loss of millions of federal dollars because the Department of Justice has sent a letter to Governor Pat McCrory informing him that HB2 violates the Civil Rights Act.According to the Charlotte Observer, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta found that the bigoted law violated Title VII and Title IX of the Civil Rights Act. Title VII says employers may not discriminate against people. And Title IX says schools cannot discriminate against people based on sex.Gupta and the DOJ then gave Governor McCrory until May 9th to respond to the letter by confriming that the state will comply with federal law and dump HB2.Here s the letter via the Charlotte Observer: The Department of Justice has determined that, as a result of compliance with and implementation of NC House Bill2, both you and the state of NC are in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act 0f 1964 Title VII prohibits an employer from discriminating against an individual on the basis of sex and from otherwise resisting the full enjoyment of Title VII rights .Federal courts and administrative agencies have applied Title VII to discrimination against transgender individuals based on sex, including gender identity .Access to sex-segregated restrooms and other workplace facilities consistent with gender identity is a term, condition or privilege of employment. Denying such access to transgender individuals, whose gender identity is different from the gender assigned at birth, while affording it to similarly situated non-transgender employees, violates Title VII  HB 2 is facially discriminatory against transgender employees on the basis of sex because it treats transgender employees, whose gender identity does not match their biological sex, as defined by HB2, differently from similarly situated non transgender employees Based upon the above, we have concluded that in violation of Title VII, the state is engaged in a pattern or practice of resistance to the full enjoyment of Title VII rights by employees of public agencies Please advise the department, therefore, no later than the close of business on May 9, 2016, whether you will remedy these violations of Title VII including by confirming that the state will not comply with or implement HB2 .We further inform you that that today the department sent letters addressed to the NC Department of Public Safety and the University of NC similarly notifying them of our conclusion that they have engaged in violations of Title VII as well as violations of Title IX. If Republicans refuse to back down, they risk costing their state nearly $1 billion in federal education funding alone, which would be a devastating blow to North Carolina.Here s a helpful video about HB2 via the Charlotte Observer as well:Clearly, Governor McCrory and his Republican colleagues seriously need to repeal this discriminatory law or facs serious backlash on a level that will likely spur voters to throw them out of office during the next statewide election, and that s assuming voters haven t already decided to do so.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6545, The Gloves Are OFF: Hillary’s New Ad Uses Republicans To Absolutely PUMMEL Trump (VIDEO),"How does the old saying go?  The enemy of my enemy is my friend.  Which is exactly the strategy the Clinton campaign is utilizing to move forward against Donald Trump.Hillary Clinton just released a new ad throughout all her social media channels to deliver the message that not only do she and her fellow Democrats want to defeat Trump and believe he is bad news, but so does a majority of the Republican Party.As Trump likes to claim that he is a  unifier,  the opposite actually seems to be true. His divisive rhetoric is toxic, and any Republican who values their career, and any conservative voter who values human decency, would be wise to distance themselves as far away as possible from the real estate mogul/reality television star.The ones who have backed Trump have likely done so as a gamble that Trump will win and they can ride his coattails into his administration. What they don t seem to realize is, they re going to go down in history as backing the guy who called Mexican s  rapists,  told Muslims they shouldn t be allowed to enter the country, and calls women every name in the book.Trump cannot be allowed to step foot into the Oval Office, and many Republicans agree, as pointed out in this brilliant video put out by the Clinton campaign. If we re going to  unify,  we need to do so as a nation to prevent Trump from winning. For the good of all humanity.Here s the video:""President Trump"" is a dangerous proposition.Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.https://t.co/fUkISvgaXC  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 4, 2016Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6546, Conservative ‘Christians’ Panic After Ted Cruz Defies God’s Wishes And Drops Out Of Race,"According to Ted Cruz and many of his staunchest supporters, God ordained him to be the next president of the United States.Back in August, an Iowa Republican literally claimed that God prepared Ted Cruz to be president. We need someone who will go to Washington and throw the money-changers out,  Iowa GOP Chair Matt Schultz declared.  God raises special men and women to protect his people, and I believe this is one of those moments in time.   Ted Cruz is that man who God has prepared for this moment in time. In addition, Cruz s wife claimed that God sent her a sign that her husband should run for president and Cruz s father Rafael declared his son the  anointed one. Of course, conservative  Christians  bought this hook, line, and sinker. And now they are devastated because Cruz defied God s wishes and dropped out of the race.American Family Association spokesman Bryan Fischer expressed his disappointment on Twitter and called for writing in Cruz s name on the ballot instead of voting for Donald Trump.Tonight is a bad night for Ted Cruz. But it is a terrible night for the United States, our children, and our grandchildren.  Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) May 3, 2016 43 states allow write-in votes for president. Does the write-in campaign for Ted Cruz start tomorrow?  Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) May 4, 2016Cruz supporters had the sads as well, expressing their condolences on his Facebook page.And one Cruz supporter blamed just about everyone except Cruz himself for the defeat.Right-wing talk show host Steve Deace threw a hissy fit after Cruz dropped out by immediately leaving the Republican Party and declaring that America wanted to be spanked by God by voting for Trump. The country missed an opportunity here with an imperfect vessel to try and take a step back towards the righteous path, but it is what it is,  Deace wrote.  And yes, there are things Cruz could ve done differently, but when you re up against a zeitgeist as well as a long overdue providential spanking, there s only so much anyone can do. America clearly dodged a bullet by Cruz dropping out of the race. While the debate continues on whether or not Trump actually believes what he has been saying, Cruz definitely believed every word that came out of his own mouth, including his intention to discriminate against non-Christians and gay people as well as outlawing abortion to the point where he would even force rape victims to carry pregnancies to term.But the bottom line here is that Ted Cruz literally believed that God wanted him to become president in November, yet he dropped out of the race anyway. Apparently, reality trumped faith on Tuesday night, and Evangelicals can t handle the truth.Featured Image: Flickr",0
6547," CNN Just Accidentally Aired Girl Flipping Off Trump Tower, And It’s Spectacular (IMAGE)","After Donald Trump won the Indiana primary on Tuesday and Ted Cruz dropped out, Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee. This means, that a reality television star and real estate mogul who puts down women and minorities, as well as also being endorsed by the KKK, is going to represent the GOP this November at the ballot box for President of the United States.This is a moment when satire becomes reality, and all you can really do is hold up hope that the Democrats will win.Trump as president is a horrifying prospect. He has zero public policy experience, no foreign policy experience, and is pretty much hated worldwide. The world is looking at the United States right now as if we have lost our ever-loving minds. How could such a vile person be a legitimate choice for leader of the free world?If you don t believe he is hated, because maybe you re a bigot yourself, or maybe you hate yourself enough to like him, or you are absolutely ignorant to reality, take a glimpse at what CNN just accidentally aired.Behind the CNN reporter speaking about Trump supposedly wanting to help the GOP raise money, there is a woman who is speaking for all of us in one united voice as she give Trump Tower the middle finger. Thus, flipping off Donald Trump.Here s the image that was captured as it happened:via CNNSome may think this is crude, but so is Donald Trump. If he can dish out insult after insult, and vile comment after vile comment, then he deserves to get a middle finger pointed in his general direction.Donald Trump should not and cannot be our next president. No matter where you are on the political spectrum, have enough wherewithal to do not only what is best for the nation, but also the world.No matter who   VOTE BLUE.Featured image via screenshot of CNN",0
6548, WATCH: Kimmel Humiliates Trolls Who Attacked Him Over Climate Science By Reading Their Comments On Air,"On Monday, Jimmy Kimmel mercilessly mocked Sarah Palin for denying climate science by literally bringing real scientists on his show. We ve had 15 of the 16 hottest years ever since 2001,  Kimmel told his audience. That s not an opinion. It s a fact. For some reason whether or not humans are contributing to this has become a left versus right issue. The politicians debate it. Our scientists don t. A huge majority of climate scientists say climate change is happening. They say we re causing it and we need to do something about it before it has a terrible effect on all of us. There s no debate about the greenhouse effect, just like there s no debate about gravity. It someone throws a piano off the roof, I don t care what Sarah Palin tells you   get out of the way. It s coming down on your head. Kimmel said that he expected right-wing trolls to attack him for his defense of science and his prediction became reality as many Palin fans flocked to social media to prove their stupidity.So, on Wednesday, Kimmel responded.Rather than respond by writing back to his haters on Facebook and other social media platforms, Kimmel chose to just embarrass the hell out of them instead by reading their comments on national television. It might seem I only picked comments from people whose grammar is bad, but the truth is, the vast majority of the comments came from people whose grammar is bad,  Kimmel began before reading a series of comments from people who clearly needed to pay more attention in school.Jim Jacob couldn t even get Kimmel s name right when he wrote,  Mr Kimble if you are so smart many you should get a real job like climate scientists I give up you!. Erik Simmy defended Palin by accusing scientists of  lying to teeth. Sarah Palin might not be a scientist what she is saying doesn t need to be science to be understood the very scientists who claim to be telling the truth about global warming they know they re lying to teeth to help the government control our lives in the name of global warming. There are more comments and they are just as ridiculously idiotic as the other ones.Here s the video via YouTube.These right-wing trolls had no idea that their stupidity would be aired for all to see. If they had known, perhaps they would have kept their mouths shut. Jimmy Kimmel just taught them a valuable lesson. Watch what you say on social media because you re not as anonymous as you think you are.Featured image via screenshot",0
6549, GOP Voters Declare #NeverTrump & #RepublicansForHillary As Donald Is Named The Nominee (TWEETS),"On Tuesday night, Ted Cruz dropped out of the Republican race for the White House and Donald Trump was named the  presumptive nominee  by the Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. However, while the RNC may be ready to embrace Trump as their chosen one GOP voters are not   and they took to Twitter to express their disgust.Fox News contributor Stephen Hayes said Trump isn t going to happen for him:Under no circumstances.https://t.co/6yS3fxGsMT  Stephen Hayes (@stephenfhayes) May 3, 2016Conservative Ben Howe, an editor for RedState went as far as to say he s voting for Hillary: #ImWithHer  Ben Howe (@BenHowe) May 3, 2016I am no longer a Republican.  Ben Howe (@BenHowe) May 4, 2016Managing Editor at the Washington Examiner, Philip Klein declared that he is no longer a Republican: I have officially de-registered as a Republican. pic.twitter.com/DjRI21Oyvx  Philip Klein (@philipaklein) May 4, 2016Another Fox News contributor, Guy Benson, said he isn t going to support Trump either:Much to my deep chagrin (& astonishment ~8 months ago), for the 1st time in my life, I will not support the GOP nominee for president.  Guy Benson (@guypbenson) May 3, 2016Conservative radio host and founder of RedState Erick Erickson is echoing the sentiments of other Republicans, saying, If Trump is the Republican Party nominee, I won t be a Republican. :This is going to be a huge problem for the Republican Party in November. These people are not just random GOP voters who don t like Donald Trump, they are very prominent, high profile voices of the party and they are so disgusted with the nominee that they are LEAVING the party. But regular GOP voters are leaving too.I will not be a member of a party that supports sexism, racism, and hatred. My party left me, so I m leaving it. #NeverTrump #GoodbyeGOPA photo posted by Cassy Chesser (@casachesser) on May 4, 2016 at 8:31am PDT#votehillary #disgruntledrepublican #republicansforhillary ? ? #drudgereportA photo posted by Shauna Varvel (@varvels) on May 3, 2016 at 6:11pm PDTI said #NeverTrump folks were #RepublicansForHillary back in March, as a joke. Now some of them are really doing it. pic.twitter.com/iyPSJcRlXA  Audit The Media (@AuditTheMedia) May 4, 2016 Still and always #NeverTrump. That means tonight sees the birth of #RepublicansForHillary  Louise Mensch (@LouiseMensch) May 4, 2016That means not only is the RNC going to have to try to figure out how to woo minority voters, women voters and Independent voters, they are going to have to try to woo their OWN voters and minimize the damage their anti-Trump pundits are doing.If the GOP thought they were stomped in 2012 when they picked Mr. Binders Full of Women as their nominee, they have no clue how painful November is going to be. Grab your popcorn, Democrats. It s about to be quite a show.Featured image via Instagram",0
6550," John McCain’s Son Really Hates Ignorant Racists, So He Did THIS To Piss Them Off (TWEETS)","After racists threw a temper tantrum over Old Navy s ad featuring an interracial couple, Senator John McCain s son took them on.Oh, happy day! Our #ThankYouEvent is finally here. Take 30% off your entire purchase: https://t.co/nGQ9Pji1pN pic.twitter.com/vq4mIczm6A  Old Navy Official (@OldNavy) April 29, 2016McCain s son Jack is a Navy lieutenant and he is married to Air Force Reserve Captain Renee Swift, who happens to be a black woman. So when racists attacked interracial marriage on Friday, Jack McCain took it personally.Standing up to their hate, Jack McCain took to Twitter and told the racists to basically go f*ck themselves. To the people upset about the #OldNavy  Scandal  of an a picture of a mixed race marriage, eat it,  McCain wrote along with a picture of the couple. To the people upset about the #OldNavy  Scandal  of an a picture of a mixed race marriage, eat it. @Reneeitchka pic.twitter.com/yA5YwbZRcm  Jack McCain (@McCainJack) May 2, 2016And then for good measure he posted a picture of the pair on their wedding day.  I hope this one burns too, you ignorant racists,  he wrote.I hope this one burns too, you ignorant racists. Here is us on our wedding day. @Reneeitchka pic.twitter.com/1VSd2gqH9W  Jack McCain (@McCainJack) May 2, 2016McCain has received an outpouring of support on his Twitter account, including a comment from CNN anchor Jake Tapper, who wrote that  anyone who has a problem with it is an idiot clinging to a backward time.  @marcoscadiz @McCainJack @Reneeitchka anyone who has a problem with it is an idiot clinging to a backward time.  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) May 2, 2016Of course, McCain s posts must have stung the racists hard because some responded with vile replies.@McCainJack @noFelld @ClaraJeffery @Reneeitchka No, you re not. I certainly wouldn t consider myself lucky to be married to a monkey.  monolith (@wishgranter14) May 4, 2016 @McCainJack @Reneeitchka Dude, you re the one wasting your seed, not us. Why wouldn t I be happy to see tards dropping out of our gene pool?  Prez Davis (@prez_davis) May 2, 2016Clearly, Jack McCain succeeded at enraging the racists in our society. Hopefully, one day, racism will truly no longer exist in this country. Until then, it s good that there are people like Jack McCain fighting back against the hate.Featured Image: Twitter",0
6551, Calm Down! Democrats Are Going To Stomp Trump Into The Ground,"After Tuesday s semi-coronation of Donald Trump as the Republican nominee, a lot of people, both liberal and conservative, took to social media to hyperventilate over the impending disaster of Trump winning the 2016 election.Donald Trump is never going to be President of the United States. Ever. Hillary Clinton is going to be the Democratic nominee and she s going to mop the floor with him.Here are a few facts to consider:There s more but you get the idea. Trump is toxic in every way imaginable. His message of hate combined with pretending to care about the middle class will not scale up to the national level.Despite what you may hear, Hillary is actually a strong candidate. As a former First Lady, former Senator and former Secretary of State that s spent her entire adult life fighting for one liberal cause or another (women s rights, universal healthcare, LGBT rights, etc.), Hillary Clinton is insanely prepared and qualified to be president. She s also smart. Really smart. Obama smart. Run circles around Donald Trump smart.Whether you like her or not, you cannot deny that Hillary Clinton has strong grasp on the issues. She can rattle off facts and figures faster than most people can google them. She has detailed plans that she is more than happy to explain at great length if you want. Compare that to Trump s 4th-5th grade grammar and flimsy grasp of any issue and you re looking at a series of debates that will be humiliating for  The Don. Something else to to consider is that while the GOP was hampered in its ability to attack Trump, the left will be under no such constraints. There are hours and hours of footage of Donald Trump saying horrible things about pretty much every group of Americans that are not white men. The ads write themselves and Trump s hate only sells with his chunk of the GOP s already racist base. Hillary will have an embarrassment of riches to choose from. Added bonus, she won t even have to play dirty to do it. While Hillary is no stranger to a down and dirty political fight (something else that will serve her well as president), she can take the moral high ground and let Trump fling mud at himself.Another useful Clinton fact is that she is the single most scrutinized and vetted politician on the planet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, she s  untrustworthy  and a  crook  but when you ask the people saying that what crime she s committed, you get vague comments about her emails or something about taking bribes as Secretary of State. They can t produce any evidence but, darn it! they KNOW she s guilty of .something!But after 20+ years of Republicans spending an unlimited amount of resources, manpower and time into digging up dirt on her, Hillary has yet to have a scandal stick. The  liberal  media has been trying to claim her scalp for just as long and have failed miserably. These are the people that uncovered some of the deepest, darkest secrets of the United States government but the best they could come up with on Clinton was rumors and innuendo.I don t know about you, but that suggests that maybe, just maybe, there s no real scandal to dig up. And let s be honest, the right has tried so hard, for so long, to pin something, ANYTHING, on her that the public has been inured to it by now. They overplayed their Benghazi hand so badly that it stopped being a campaign issue right when they needed it the most. The same thing will happen for all of their new  scandals.  They ll rush them out, the  liberal  media will breathlessly report them as total fact and then the  scandal  will crumble. Rinse, repeat.It didn t work on Obama and the public isn t biting anymore.And finally, this is what the electoral map looks like right now according to statistics genius Nate Silver:And it s only going to get bluer the more both Clinton and Trump speak.This doesn t mean we should get complacent. Quite the opposite, in fact! We have an unparalleled opportunity to take back the House, the Senate and several state governments. Trump will both energize the blue vote and seriously suppress the red vote and we should be swarming the polls to take back the country from the Tea Party idiots that made Trump the nominee in the first place.Stay calm and vote blue!Featured image via twitter.",0
6552, Sarah Palin Just Sent A Truly Idiotic Message to ‘Smart Democrats’ (VIDEO),"Now that Ted Cruz has dropped out of the presidential race and Donald Trump looks like he s going to be the Republican nominee, Sarah Palin came out in full support   and stupidity   for her favorite candidate.Taking to her Facebook page, Palin made a video where she praised The Donald and thanked his supporters for believing in the disgraced frontrunner. She said: To all of you who believed in making a real difference in our politics and in the way things have been done in the past that have put America in a pretty precarious position. Thank you so much for supporting Trump and believing in this idea of being able to make America great again. We re finally on the road to do so, but we do have to unite first. The former governor of Alaska, who is also the failed GOP vice presidential candidate of 2008, has decided that she s more than qualified to predict the success of a Trump presidency, and has a message for any  smart Democrats  that might be listening. Her advice to them? Unite behind Donald Trump. Addressing  GOP and independents and smart Democrats,  Palin said: Truly it is time to come together, pull together   remember that united we will stand, our country will stand united. Divided, we re going to fall. So now, after participating in some really healthy, kind of arduous competition, and now, more than ever, it s time to come together and put some differences aside. Stand on principle, that principle that, yeah, we have opportunity to make America great again. We ve needed a revolution, and we ve found our revolutionary. Thanks for all your hard work. Congratulations, Donald J. Trump   and here we go, on the road to make America great again. You can watch the video below:Sarah Palin is one of those GOPers that we wish would just go away, but she always seems to find a way to put herself back into the spotlight and remind us of her existence. When Trump decided to run for president, Palin had found her political soulmate and didn t hesitate to back him. The crazy thing is, she thinks the rest of us are stupid enough to follow in her footsteps.To ask Democrats to unite under a party that has built their values on hate and inequality is ludicrous   and you have to possess a special sort of stupidity to even suggest this. Most Americans   even many Republicans   know that Trump is in no condition to lead the country. So no matter who the nominee for the Democratic party is, the majority of the country will be voting blue in November. No one   not even the GOP   wants to see Trump in the White House.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
6553, Donald Trump Isn’t Going To Like This Fox News Reaction To His Victory In The Primaries (VIDEO),"While the Trump campaign and its candidate celebrate the surrender of his final real competitor for the Republican nomination, there will be no pleasure about this incredible situation from Fox News.Charles Krauthammer, a Pulitzer prize winning conservative journalist, and long-term Trump critic appeared on the O Reilly Factor to pour a bucket of ice water over the celebration   telling O Reilly that a man of Trump s temperament has no place in the White House, or anywhere near the nuclear codes.The interview began with O Reilly asking Krauthammer to give his view on how the GOP establishment felt about Trump becoming the presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States. His guest replied calmly: I have no idea what the so-called establishment, if it exists, is thinking. I can tell you what I m thinking.  And boy, he really did.O Reilly asks Krauthammer if he would vote for Trump, who responds that based on the campaign so far: I don t think I d be capable voting for Donald Trump. The Fox host then attempts to sell Krauthammer on Trump, as if all the racist, sexist, frat bro behavior from the candidate so far will all fade away once the race for President moves into it s next phase. Finally, after working up this fantasy version of Trump, he asks his guest why he wouldn t vote for Donald if he re-positioned himself as a practical-popular-conservative. Why couldn t you vote for him?  O Reilly asks, before Krauthammer delivers a killer deadpan response with: Populist conservative is a contradiction in terms. O Reilly takes his guest to task on the issue, claiming that he (O Reilly) is a traditional populist   to which Krauthammer replies that he wouldn t vote for Bill O Reilly for President either. And there s a second issue.  Krauthammer continues.  His fitness for office. It s matter of temperament and up until now he s not impressed me with his temperament. You have to ask yourself, do I want a person of that temperament, control of the nuclear codes. And as of now I have to say no. While O Reilly continues to run defense for the Trump campaign, his guest Krauthammer bangs the final nail into the coffin. He wins it by floating conspiracy theories that you know and I know are in the twilight zone. In the same way that he led the birther movement. That wasn t ancient history. That was five years ago. Playing with absurd and kooky conspiracy theories is way beyond being unconventional. It is disturbing. And that s when you gotta ask yourself. Do you want someone who does that, in control of the nuclear codes? It looks like Trump is going to be facing some blowback from conservatives who are sick of their party being hijacked by the lunatic fringe. It s great news for the Democrats and liberal America, as it means the 2016 election may well see the GOP tear itself apart   leaving the Democratic nominee to a landslide.Here s the video:Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6554, Trump Campaign Hits New Low With These Sexist Anti-Hillary Buttons (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s campaign has prided itself on launching every kind of dirty trick and bigotry in the book, and now wades into a further sexism row with these anti-Hillary buttons.Washington Post reporter Jenna Johnson was covering the Trump rally in Indiana this week, when she was astonished to discover the presence of campaign buttons designed to mock Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton.One button read:KFC Hillary Special: 2 fat thighs, 2 small breasts, left wing.Another bore an image of Mrs Clinton, with the subtitle:Life s a b*tch Don t vote for one.A new batch of anti-Hillary-Clinton buttons popped up outside Donald Trump's rally tonight: pic.twitter.com/VxKkxSS2We  Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) May 3, 2016The buttons come as a reminder that Trump s campaign is a class free zone and no level to which he and his supporters will not stoop to score a political point.They will mock a person s disability View post on imgur.comThey will attack a person on the basis on their ethnic origin And of course, Trump and his supporters have zero issue with hitting out with violently abusive sexist language either. Whether it s Rosie O Donnell, or Megyn Kelly, or Hillary Clinton   any woman who fails to sufficiently kiss The Donald s ring is opening herself up to a world of abuse and threats.Trump has nursed his vendetta against Rosie O Donnell since 2006, because the comedian criticized him for deciding not to fire Miss USA Tara Conner after drug use, underage drinking and sexual activities were exposed. Ten years later, Trump still takes every opportunity to stick it to O Donnell whenever he can.  Nice years later, when O Donnell left The View after suffering a heart attack and stress, Trump said:I mean she s a total trainwreck, so let s see what happens and I hope it works out well.   I like the show a lot, but let s face it, Rosie is a loser. And when Megyn Kelly challenged him during a Presidential debate on describing women as fat pigs , dogs , slobs  and  disgusting animals,  Trump responded: Only Rosie O Donnell. But the fact that Kelly dared to call Trump on his abusive language towards women, meant she became his next target. In Trump s world, Kelly burned him on national television and he will continue to fire back at her until his dying breath. Some highlights of his interminable abuse in the year since include:While all this is morally repugnant, it really doesn t bode well for Trump s chances of securing the White House. He may well have mobilized the hardline of the Republican right   but when he gets up and tries to confront (most likely) Hillary Clinton in the Presidential debates, armed with nothing more than a few dog tired T&A jokes   he s going to be in serious trouble. And so is the Republican Party.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons/Flickr Creative Commons",0
6555," Samantha Bee Tells Ted Cruz What He Should’ve Done With His Campaign, And It’s Beyond Perfect","Coming into Tuesday s Republican primary in Indiana it was pretty much do or die for Ted Cruz. He had to win or his campaign for the presidency was effectively over. And boy did he try. He put all he could into trying to win over the Hoosier state, but try as he might, he failed miserably. Donald Trump won with over 50 percent of the vote and Ted Cruz was left with a tough decision to make.By the end of Cruz s speech after his Indiana loss it was pretty damn clear that he was about to suspend his campaign. He spoke in broad, sweeping conservative analogies that had nothing to do with becoming president. And what seemed obvious became reality when he told everyone that he was pulling out of the race.One person, however, saw the delicious irony in Cruz quitting early, and that person was Full Frontal s Samantha Bee. She took to Twitter to tell Cruz what he should have done with his campaign.Bee wrote: Shouldn t Ted Cruz have been forced to carry his unviable campaign to term? Shouldn't #TedCruz have been forced to carry his unviable campaign to term?  Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) May 4, 2016Of course, this being a play on Cruz s ridiculous stance on abortion rights. The man claims he stands up for women, but apparently that means loving women so much that he s the person to make all of their health decisions. He s also been one of the key reasons the Planned Parenthood myth of baby body parts has gone on for so long.Ted Cruz is a liar and a smarmy salesman that just couldn t figure out how to sell himself to the American voting public. He was so bad, in fact, that he couldn t even make himself look good next to Donald Trump.Bee also tweeted:At least the #TedCruz campaign died as it lived under Trump's heel while Republicans looked on with indifference.  Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) May 4, 2016Good on Samantha Bee for pointing out such delicious irony. Never stop being you.Featured Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6556, Elizabeth Warren Did NOT Mince Words In Her Reaction To Trump’s Presumptive Nomination,"With Donald Trump s latest primary victory in Indiana, he s all but secured the Republican nomination for president and can be considered the presumptive nominee. What sealed the deal was also the fact that Ted Cruz suspended his campaign and will no longer be seeking the nomination. And with Kasich not even close behind in delegates, it s pretty much a sure thing for The Donald.Taking to social media after Trump s victory and presumed nomination was Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). She did not mince words, and got deadly serious letting us all know that it s on us to make sure Donald Trump doesn t get anywhere near the Oval Office.Warren wrote on Facebook: Donald Trump is now the leader of the Republican Party. It s real   he is one step away from the White House. Here s what else is real:Trump has built his campaign on racism, sexism, and xenophobia. There s more enthusiasm for him among leaders of the KKK than leaders of the political party he now controls.He incites supporters to violence, praises Putin, and, according to a columnist who recently interviewed him, is  cool with being called an authoritarian  and doesn t mind associations with history s worst dictators.He attacks veterans like John McCain who were captured and puts our servicemembers at risk by cheerleading illegal torture. In a world with ISIS militants and leaders like North Korean strongman Kim Jong-Un conducting nuclear tests, he surrounds himself with a foreign policy team that has been called a  collection of charlatans,  and puts out contradictory and nonsensical national security ideas one expert recently called  incoherent  and  truly bizarre. What happens next will test the character for all of us   Republican, Democrat, and Independent. It will determine whether we move forward as one nation or splinter at the hands of one man s narcissism and divisiveness. I know which side I m on, and I m going to fight my heart out to make sure Donald Trump s toxic stew of hatred and insecurity never reaches the White House. And reiterated her point on Twitter shortly after.I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure @realDonaldTrump s toxic stew of hatred & insecurity never reaches the White House.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 4, 2016Now it s up to us to make sure Donald Trump never becomes president. Which side are you on?No matter who   vote blue.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6557, 5 Reasons The Republicans Just Nominated The Worst Possible Candidate: Trump,"Donald Trump has cleared the Republican presidential field of all the credible (and not so credible) challengers, and is now the presumptive nominee for the same party that produced Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, and Ronald Reagan. It is amazing.But in picking Trump as their nominee, the Republican Party has chosen a candidate with a binder full of negatives, so many negatives in fact that it is highly unlikely he can overcome enough of them to win the presidency.Here are 5 of the reasons.70 percent of women in a recent Gallup poll have a negative view of Donald Trump. That s because Trump has a long record   including in this campaign   of attacking women. He s called them pigs, talked about their bathroom habits, complained about their periods, and on and on.Women are the majority of American voters, and Republicans have lost that demographic for years. Even when they have won the presidency, they ve lost with women.And while it isn t all she is, Hillary Clinton will obviously be the first major party nominee to be a woman. So far, Trump has not reacted well to this, accusing her of playing  the woman card,  with her candidacy, a sexist comment that echoed with millions of working women voters. The Clinton campaign was able to raise over $2 million just by highlighting Trump s comment and giving donors a  woman card  to mark the moment.Mitt Romney was pilloried over his comment that he had  binders full  of women, and he never was half as sexist as Trump has been on an average day.Donald Trump is most unpopular candidate for a major political party basically since polling was invented. Trump has an average of 60.6 percent disapproval!That is unheard of going into the party conventions, where candidates are usually a blank canvas before attack ads start to fly in the fall. But Trump is one of the most well-known people in America, and what America has seen   it doesn t like.President Obama nearly coasted to national electoral victories in back to back elections with a diverse, young, electorate. And while Hillary Clinton has had trouble connecting with younger voters in the Democratic primary, Donald Trump is the best positioned candidate to motivate the Obama coalition against him.He polls poorly with women, minorities, and in a recent poll younger voters indicated that despite their reservations about Clinton, they have near to no interest in Trump.At this point in the 2012 election, President Obama was 3.4 percent ahead of Mitt Romney in head-to-head national matchups. By comparison, Clinton leads Trump by an average of 6.2 percent, and that includes a poll from conservative pollster Rasmussen who got the 2012 election completely wrong.Most other recent polls show Clinton with leads of +11%, +7% and +11%.The New York Times  Nate Cohn explains why this is unlikely to change much:There have been 10-point shifts over the general election season before, even if it s uncommon. But there isn t much of a precedent for huge swings in races with candidates as well known as Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. A majority of Americans may not like her, but they say they re scared of him. To have a chance, he ll need to change that.Unlike President George W. Bush in 2008, President Obama is unlikely to be a drag on the ticket. In addition to the unusual image of a sitting president campaigning for his party s nominee (Reagan was too ill to do it in 1988, the Gore campaign pushed Clinton away in 2000, and McCain did his best to hide from Bush in 2008), President Obama s approval ratings have inched back up over the last year, often above or near 50 percent.Additionally, the unemployment rate is at 5 percent, after hitting almost 10 percent in the Bush economy, and gas prices have come way down. Polls now show Americans feel good about the economy, after Obama s policies have gotten the country out of the Great Recession (without Republican help).That s good for the party in power, which means it s good for Hillary Clinton, and bad for Donald Trump.Featured image via Flickr",0
6558, The GOP Is Officially DOOMED As Cruz Drops Out And Trump Takes Command,"Ted Cruz has officially quit the 2016 Republican presidential race, according to a statement released by his campaign manager Jeff Roe. This brings an end to the last desperate hope that Republicans had to stop Donald Trump from leading their party directly into the 9th layer of Hell in the 2016 presidential election.Trump completely smashed Cruz, by approximately a 16 percent margin in the Indiana primary. John Kasich also technically still existed, coming in with less than 10 percent of the vote.Kasich has pledged to stay in the race until either he or Trump reach the required threshold of 1,237 delegates. Aside from most people saying  John who?  a reason this is a futile effort is that it s mathematically impossible for him to win enough delegates to beat Trump. To put it into context, Cruz needed fewer delegates and even he dropped out after Trump walked away with a gift-wrapped Indiana primary win.Cruz threw in everything including the kitchen sink to secure a win in Indiana. He colluded with John Kasich in a so-called  alliance  to try to swing a heavier vote count towards himself in order to take away from Trump s chances, he picked a VP candidate, even though she is universally reviled (what was he thinking?), and there was massive super PAC money doing ad-buys. He even netted the governor s endorsement.In the end, it was an embarrassing blowout that told him what everyone has been saying for months; The RNC is speeding towards the edge of a cliff, and Trump is in the drivers seat.Cruz issued some short remarks following his blistering defeat: We left it all on the field in Indiana. We gave it everything we ve got but the voters chose another path. So with a heavy heart but with boundless optimism for the long-term future of our nation, we are suspending our campaign. Sourece: CNNTechnically speaking, Trump still needs to gather more delegates in the remaining primaries before he will win the nomination hands-down, but with Cruz out and Kasich being relegated to obscurity as a GOP protest vote, there s really nothing stopping Trump from usurping control of the Republican party. Will you be watching as the Republican party has to smile and hand Trump his nomination in Cleveland?Featured image via Tombstone Generator",0
6559," Arizona Governor Blocks 31,000 Low-Income Children From Access To Life Saving Healthcare","As Arizona grapples with passing their Constitutionally required budget, its governor, Doug Ducey, informed legislators that he will no longer be supporting the extension of the state s KidsCare program. The program, which is a branch of the Children s Health Insurance Program (which Hillary Clinton lobbied for), serves over 31,000 low-income children, many of whom have chronic illnesses.Steve Farley, a Democratic Senator in the legislature, posted on Facebook:Such sad news. We just received word that the Governor is no longer supporting the extension of KidsCare healthcare to 31,000 low-income children, and is now saying those kids, many of whom are suffering chronic illnesses, will have to wait till next year. We remain the only state in the country that does not cover these kids.Gov. Ducey decided it would be too much trouble to overcome the opposition of extremist ideologues in the House, even though we had the Senate votes to win.There would be ZERO COST to the state to extend this coverage. Some of those kids will not be alive next year. This is a complete failure of leadership on the part of the Governor and the legislative majorityLet that sink in: if the Governor gets his way, Arizona will continue to be the only state that does not cover low-income children s healthcare services. Even Kansas, which is on the brink of near total financial collapse, extends this program.The program was cut almost in its entirety in 2011 thanks to Arizona s former governor Jan Brewer. Not only did she cut the program, she imposed enrollment caps on the Medicaid system to ensure that program would almost never return. Those actions caused 14,000 children to lose their healthcare. In total, with the caps put into place, over 300,000 lost their access.Reports released by the Georgetown University Center for Children and Families found these startling facts about Arizona s heartless treatment of children:But don t worry, folks. In the Arizona budget, there s about  $18 million that will go towards private prisons. So while some kids face a totally preventable death, prisons will get their coffers stuffed with all sorts of monetary rewards.Hooray for pro-life Republicans!Featured image via Maury Phillips/Getty Images",0
6560, Amnesty International’s Brilliant ‘Gay Turtle’ Experiment Mocks The Absurdity Of Homophobia (VIDEO),"Amnesty International recently put out a brilliant public service announcement in Turkey, with the hope that they will show people how absurd it is to hate the LGBT community.The video was filmed in a Turkish aquarium shop over three days and features a  gay  turtle. The organization put eight hidden cameras in the shop and caught a whole lot of dumbf*ckery. In the video, potential turtle buyers walked into the store and over to the tank where the turtles were held. They all seemed extremely eager to purchase one of the adorable reptiles, until the employee at the shop dropped a bomb: the turtle they were interested in was gay.As soon as the man made the announcement, the customers all reacted with disgust and disbelief. One woman asked, Is it contagious?  Another said the turtle can t be both gay and healthy. A few of them even got angry with the employee for mentioning homosexuality.After all of the homophobes leave the store, the screen turns black and a message from Amnesty International flashes across the screen: Homophobia and transphobia has reached absurd levels in Turkey. In last five years, it has caused hundreds of hate crimes and more than 41 hate murders. Love is love. Hate is a choice. Turkey has been in the news many times over the last few years for this very reason. In 2014, the Middle Eastern news agency Al Monitor reported about a rise in  honor killings  of homosexuals in the country and they told a story about an underage teenager who escaped his family s attempt to murder him: I was beaten by family members after they learned I was homosexual. After the beating, my father held a gun to my head, put a Quran in my hands and told me to repent. I somehow managed to run away the following day. My family stormed the homes of my friends and battered them, too. I have nowhere to take refuge. My life is in danger. .The teenager s story is heartbreaking, but he could still be considered lucky  for now   as many homosexuals in Turkey perish at the hands of their own relatives in  honor killings. The video does an amazing job at pointing out how stupid homophobes are. These people were so blinded by their fear and hate that they could not think logically, and that is a common theme among the anti-gay community. They never stop and consider that maybe their beliefs are misguided and based on bullshit; it is as absurd as it is terrifying.Watch:https://www.facebook.com/NDebzOfficial/videos/vb.245756372222073/789077954556576/?type=2&theaterFeatured image via video screenshot",0
6561, Ted Cruz Ends His Campaign By Elbowing His Wife In The Face (VIDEO),"In case you haven t heard, God s chosen candidate, Ted Cruz, either disproved God s existence or showed the world that the Big-Guy-in-the-Sky REALLY hates smarmy, bigoted douchebags. Yes, the embarrassment to America that was Ted Cruz s campaign is finally over. Fate swallowed his chances up like that throat booger he ate on national television during a debate. You can all rest assured knowing that the Republican Party s destruction is finally complete in that Donald Trump is considered the most qualified candidate for the office of President.What better way to end his presidential campaign than to elbow his wife in the face? You may be staring at your screen wondering,  Did he just say what I think he said?  Yes, by punching and elbowing his wife in the face. While it was almost assuredly as much an accident as abstinence-only advocate Bristol Palin s multiple out-of-wedlock pregnancies, it actually happened.Still don t believe me? Watch:As Cruz was hugging his father, while his bigoted, homophobic, and hateful supporters looked on, the now-former presidential candidate accidentally did what most of America wants to do to him: he accidentally popped Heidi in the jaw then followed up with an elbow to the face.His campaign, which was built on catering to the absolute worst people in society s hatred and stupidity (the ones Trump had not already snagged up anyway), was truly an embarrassment to our nation   almost as embarrassing as the fact that his own daughter hates him just as much as the rest of us.But what will Cruz do now? Will he commit himself to the Senate, where he can continue to attempt to install a theofascist regime in America and fight diligently to take away the rights of anyone he thinks God tells him to hate? Will he come to terms with the fact that he, as the candidate he himself has stated God  chose  to lead America into the Promised Land, probably isn t the super-Christian he thinks he is? Will he continue his alleged career as the Zodiac Killer?No matter what Cruz does, one thing is for certain: he s probably going to spend some time in the  dog house  rather than the White House.Featured image via screengrab",0
6562," HISTORIC: Obama Working On Gay Rights Memorial, And The Right Can’t Stop Him","President Obama has of course made history as the first black president in American history, but one of the stories that is sure to be told about his presidency is the steps made to help bring LGBT Americans into the mainstream of the national dialogue. They have, of course, always been there, but they have an ally at the highest levels of the government unlike at any other time.Now President Obama, in what is supposed to be his so-called  lame duck  period, is working on a federal monument to the struggle for gay rights at Stonewall in New York City.President Obama is poised to declare the first-ever national monument recognizing the struggle for gay rights, singling out a sliver of green space and part of the surrounding Greenwich Village neighborhood as the birthplace of America s modern gay liberation movement.While most national monuments have highlighted iconic wild landscapes or historic sites from centuries ago, this reflects the country s diversity of terrain and peoples in a different vein: It would be the first national monument anchored by a dive bar and surrounded by a warren of narrow streets that long has been regarded the historic center of gay cultural life in New York City.Obama went from being tentative about same-sex marriage when he ran for the presidency in 2008, to being the first major party candidate to support it in 2012 (with an assist from Vice President Biden). Obama has gotten rid of the military s  don t ask don t tell  policy, advocated for benefits for same-sex partners, supported transgender service in the military and has refused to use the power of the government to obstruct other efforts to secure equal rights for LGBT citizens.Those fighting for LGBT rights still have some work ahead of them, especially with conservative Republicans often engaging in last-gasp efforts to attack full equality (like the mean spirited  bathroom bills  in the south), but under this president the march towards justice has had a reliable ally.Featured image via Flickr",0
6563, Anti-LGBT ‘Street Preachers’ Are Invading Target Stores Nationwide Threatening ‘God’s Judgement’ (VIDEOS),"Target stores are living up to their name by being the literal  target  of anti-LGBT, transphobic bigots and professionally-offended  Christians,  who are now showing up at their locations across the country. Their intent, it seems, is to frighten patrons into being afraid to use the bathroom. Walking up and down the aisles, and wearing shirts depicting stick figures having sex, they shout and scream about how God is the new judge of retail merchandise as they try to convince people the women s restrooms are loaded with perverts.Below are some videos taken in target stores, showing the  preachers  rebuking people for going to the bathroom. Target this is your wake up call. The Bible says that from the beginning God made them male and female. He didn t make them transvestites. He made them male and female Target, this is your warning. You will be judged according to God s standards. Not man s, but God s You need to repent You will be judged. And if there are Christians in here, supporting this abomination, shame on you!   But you justify this place. You have to stand by the bathrooms because perverts can go in there. Because transvestites allowed. Apparently, God can create a universe in 6 days but can t deal with the idea of someone peeing in a bathroom in a department store.One of these God Warriors, Michael Merichko, was charged with disorderly conduct following a disturbance inside a Target store in Illinois. His obnoxiousness, coupled with the fact he was an unhinged white guy, convinced an entire shopping mall to go on lockdown because they thought he was an active shooter.via towleroadLuckily he was not, but frankly it isn t a stretch to think that some unhinged individual will eventually walk into a Target store and start shooting because God told them it was a good idea.Below is another religious idiot in St. Louis who is too obsessed with the idea of people peeing for his own good.Part 1: Part 2: The Republican party can be thanked for this. If it wasn t for people like Ted Cruz using religion as a justification for hatred, Target would never have had to make a  bathroom policy.  Transgender people have been using public restrooms forever without God destroying the planet as a result. It took Republicans to make it a sudden problem for him.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6564," Woman Who Made Viral ‘Naked Trump’ Painting Was Assaulted, Beaten Near Her Home (IMAGES)","Donald Trump s supporters are a violent bunch. All you have to do is go to one of his rallies to see how dangerous this man and his freaky fans are. They ve now taken it a step further, too   and dangerously so. The artist who painted a photo of a naked Donald Trump, Ilma Gore, was accosted and beaten by a Trump supporter near her home in Los Angeles. Gore says of the attack: Today I was punched in the face by a man who got out of his car and yelled,  Trump 2016!  in Los Angeles, just days after I returned home from London just down the road from my house. She posted absolutely disturbing photos of her bruised face to Instagram so people could see what those neanderthals did to her:Today I was punched in the face by a man who got out of his car and yelled,  Trump 2016!  in Los Angeles, just days after I returned home from London just down the road from my house. Though I encourage passion, opinion and emotion, especially though art, I think violence is disgusting. To live in a place where Facebook has given my address to an anonymous third party makes me feel like I am homeless again. This type of violence makes creatives feel like we live in a world where our individual creative input isn t safe. I am sad that this is the state of our America right now. I am sad that Trump, and many of his supporters, don t find words enough to express their opinions   they need walls, waterboarding and punches. @realdonaldtrump Please stop glamorizing and perpetuating violence. Make America Decent Again! #makeamericadecentagain No, they have not been caught, and the men drove off laughing. A detailed police report has been filed.A photo posted by Illma Gore (@illmagore) on Apr 29, 2016 at 4:10pm PDT Art is the lie that allows us to see the truth.  Pablo Picasso. I am not deterred by this. Thanks for everyone s support. If anyone saw anything on La Cienega on Friday, please let the local authorities know. Black Honda Civic with a group of people in the car.A photo posted by Illma Gore (@illmagore) on May 2, 2016 at 11:40am PDTThis is the result of Trump s encouraging and perpetuating violence among his moronic followers at his rallies for months on end. Violence is NEVER acceptable, but because their leader has told them that it is, Trump s followers are literally beating people who disagree with them in the streets. This is what is somehow acceptable in America now. Make America great again indeed.Featured image via screen capture from Ilma Gore Instagram",0
6565, Crazy Republican Shames Dad At Walmart For Using Food Stamps (VIDEO),"Being on food stamps is no fun. In fact, for most recipients, it is a humiliating position to be in thanks to the public perception that only lazy people who won t work and want to live for free off the government use them. However, one admitted right-wing voter took food stamp shaming to a whole other level when she accosted a dad at her local Walmart who was paying for his groceries using his SNAP benefits. When the woman first confronts the man, he is nice to her, and explains: I put in 50 to 60 hour weeks. I m trying to provide for my family. The woman responds: You re not providing for it, I am. The government is. They take it out of my check. Bullshit they don t. Finally, the man loses his cool and tells this crazy lady to  vote Republican  if she has a problem with the government helping those in need. That s when things really get heated. The woman shoots back: Oh trust me, I am not a bleeding heart fucking liberal. Then the two start bickering back and forth while using copious amounts of profanity, all in full view of their own children and who knows how many other people. Finally, the man tells the woman what he should have said all along:  shut the fuck up. This is what happens when the public is ignorant about who receives SNAP and other benefits and why. See, it s not lazy folks who refuse to get a job who get these benefits. 83 percent of food stamp recipients are homes with children, the elderly, the disabled, and others who can t work. Notice I said can t not won t. Further, many of them, like the man in the video work full time jobs or even multiple jobs.Republicans are always talking about  small government,  but they and their supporters are the ones who are always all up in everyone s business. Who cares how someone pays for their groceries, just since they are paid for? Republicans, that s who, because they think they have the right to run everyone else s lives.Watch the insane video below:https://youtu.be/iwrNiRngMhcFeatured image via RJ Sangosti/Getty Images",0
6566," WATCH: Trump Fan Assaults Muslim Woman, Calls Her A Terrorist (VIDEO)","A recent hate crime in Washington, D.C. serves as a perfect example of just how dangerous Republican front runner Donald Trump s hateful, divisive rhetoric really is.On Monday, police released footage that captured a Trump supporter assaulting a black Muslim woman wearing a hijab outside of a Starbucks on April 21st. Although the incident has been classified as a simple assault, when you hear the story you will understand why it is now being investigated as a possible hate crime.According to the Muslim woman, who did not want to be identified, she had been sitting outside the Starbucks when a white woman with blonde hair approached her and verbally attacked her for no reason. The attacker allegedly said, F-ing Muslim. Trash, worthless piece of Muslim trash. You all need to go back to where you came from.  The white woman also revealed that she was going to vote for Trump so he could send  all of you terrorist Muslims out of the country. Although the surveillance tape itself didn t include audio, the attack is clear as day in the footage. The victim was smart enough to begin recording part of the attack on her cell phone, and she was able to get proof of the white women saying,  You re a terrorist. So stupid. The Muslim woman became frightened and tried to call the police   but they were of little help. When the officer arrived, he told the victim he couldn t do anything because the Trump supporter s hateful comments were considered  freedom of speech.  After the officer left the scene, the white woman attacked the Muslim woman once again by emptying a bottle full of an unknown liquid over the victim s head. The Muslim woman said the liquid didn t burn, but smelled strange.You can watch an interview with the victim below, where she describes the attack in detail:You can watch the surveillance footage of the attack, released by the D.C. Metro Police, below:Thanks to this incident, the neighborhood that the victim has happily lived in for the past six years now feels unsafe. Currently, police are encouraging the public to help find the attacker.Trump s vulgar, hateful rhetoric and his easily influenced supporters are incredibly dangerous to the rest of the public   and this incident is yet another example of how hate speech can have severe consequences. No one should blow off the horrible bigotry that Trump spews as simply entertainment or insanity   his words have tremendous power over his mindless followers, and they are more than happy to carry out his disgusting views.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6567, City Of Detroit Begins Punishing Poor People For Being Poor In The Most Inhumane Way (VIDEO),"Imagine your child was playing outside, runs into the house for a drink, turns on the tap and nothing comes out. Your baby is standing there sweating and thirsty all because the city you live in has decided that your family deserved to be punished for being poor and shut your water off. When you realize what has happened, you send your child to your neighbor s house to get a glass of water there, but their water has been shut off too, and thousands of other people in the city are facing the same dilemma. Elderly people, families with children, young couples, students, all without water   that s what s happening in Detroit, Michigan.Roughly 20,000 people are in danger of having their water turned off today, according to Detroit s ABC 7 News:The water is still on for Detroit residents behind on their bills, but not for long. Detroit Water and Sewerage announced they re shutting off service to those who owe them payments. About 20,000 people could see their water shut off, starting May 3rd at 8 a.m.Since 2014, the people of one of the poorest cities in the country have been fighting to keep their water on. The Detroit Water Crisis is so bad that experts from the United Nations have accused the city of violating human rights. In June 2014, the group put out a press release saying: Disconnection of water services because of failure to pay due to lack of means constitutes a violation of the human right to water and other international human rights Disconnections due to non-payment are only permissible if it can be shown that the resident is able to pay but is not paying. In other words, when there is genuine inability to pay, human rights simply forbids disconnections. Nearly two years later the fight over water is still going on and city officials are claiming that they don t  want  to turn the services off, but they have to if residents do not ask to be put on payment plans. Detroit Water and Sewerage Director Gary Brown said, We don t want to shut anyone s water off. Come in, ask for assistance, get on a payment plan.  Residents who have bills of up to $700 will have the balance frozen and be allowed to pay $25 a month.While it may seem like a sweet payment plan, clearly it is not working. In the two years since the city started to aggressively target residents who could not pay, they still have thousands of residents in the same situation. These are not people who are refusing to pay their water bills because they want to go out and party; these are people who live in extreme poverty   the likes of which should not exist in this country.It is incredibly inhumane for the city to do this. Water is a right, not a luxury and it should NEVER be shut off because someone cannot afford to pay. But capitalism   isn t it great?For more on Detroit s water wars, watch this video:Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
6568, John McCain’s 2008 Top Campaign Adviser Abandons GOP Over Trump: ‘I’m With Her’ Instead,"A lot has changed in just eight years. The Republican Party is witnessing a collapse that may destroy it entirely. And nobody knows it on a more personal level than Mark Salter, Sen. John McCain s former campaign adviser and long-time friend. On the eve of the Indiana primary, in which all signs point to Donald Trump shattering the last resistance to his nomination, Salter took stock of his party   and bailed.In a tweet that may signal the coming flood of political refugees pouring out of the Republican Party s sinking ship, Salter said that Trump s antics and the GOP s idiotic responses to them have finally settled the matter. In a bold move, he concluded he would be supporting Hillary Clinton instead.the GOP is going to nominate for President a guy who reads the National Enquirer and thinks it's on the level. I'm with her.  Mark Salter (@MarkSalter55) May 3, 2016Forget  loyalty pledges.  Forget standing with the party. Forget coming together to beat the Democrats. There is nothing redeeming about standing with Donald Trump.The last straw was Trump s use of a ludicrous story published by the tabloid (and Trump backer) National Enquirer, which alleged that Ted Cruz s dad was friends with Lee Harvey Oswald, the man who assassinated John F. Kennedy. The story was patently bonkers, but it didn t stop Trump and his supporters from  just asking questions  about it. This included Fox News.On the conservative network s Fox and Friends, the hosts remained silent and deferential as Trump suggested   quite seriously   that Rafael Cruz was somehow implicated in the JFK assassination. Apparently nobody at the network wanted to risk angering the Republican front-runner and potentially losing a ratings gold mine. The inmates are running the asylum.Cowardice and stupidity have become so entwined in the Republican Party that an entire day can be consumed by a false story printed by the NATIONAL ENQUIRER just because Donald Trump brought it up. It s no wonder some conservatives are looking at the wreckage of their party and deciding it s not even worth saving.Salter isn t exactly a bleeding heart liberal either. Having attached himself to McCain s campaign in 2008 as the senator s speechwriter and  closest aide, he s spent the last eight years bitterly attacking Obama and Democrats for the crime of beating his friend. The fact he s now saying  enough  must be terrifying for Republican operatives. If just a small fraction of Republicans abandon the party because of Trump, the general election may end in a landslide for Clinton.For months there has been questions about what the  Never Trump  coalition of Republicans would do if Trump won the nomination. Many are beginning to walk back their earlier comments. A number of them appear to be drawing the opposite conclusion. If  Never Trump  is to mean anything, than Hillary Clinton is the better option. Mark Salter seems to think so.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6569, Watch Ted Cruz Suffer An INSANE Meltdown After Someone Asks If He’ll Support Trump (VIDEO),"The battle between Republican presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Donald Trump continues to intensify, as both candidates keep fanning the flames by directing insults at each other.On Tuesday, Cruz s emotions seemed to get the better of him as he snapped on a reporter for simply asking him if he would be supporting his front runner rival if he became the GOP nominee. This public meltdown came just a few days after Meet the Press host Chuck Todd had tried to ask Cruz if he would keep his pledge to support the eventual Republican nominee regardless of who it was, and Cruz repeatedly dodged the question.Cruz had been busy insulting the business mogul at a press conference in Evansville, Indiana when NBC News correspondent Hallie Jackson tried to get a straight answer from the Texas senator on whether or not he would back Trump, hoping to get more of an answer than Todd was able to. Jackson asked: These are some of the strongest words you ve used against Donald Trump yet. You know I ve been with you, I ve heard you talk about him. Today feels different for you. So, I m going to ask you a question and you re going to say that I sound like a broken record    While it was clear that Cruz didn t want to answer the question, his rude response was shocking. Jackson was abruptly cut off by Cruz, who aggressively said,  You sound like a broken record. Someone else have a question? Jackson tried to object and get a straight answer from the candidate. She pressed, Why not say once and for all? Cruz continued to give Jackson a nasty attitude and angrily replied, You ve asked one already, Hallie. You ve asked already. Frustrated, Jackson continued to badger Cruz to answer her: Will you support him as the nominee? I don t understand why you won t answer the question, Senator. If you think he s a liar  If you say he s a pathological liar, and you say that you can t Cruz continued to scold Jackson and ignore her request, making the situation tense and uncomfortable. You can watch Cruz completely disrespect and ignore Jackson below:It looks as though Cruz doesn t want to accept the harsh reality that he might lose the Republican nominee to Trump. Anything that reminds Cruz that he s in second place will easily send him into a full-blown temper tantrum.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / Getty Images",0
6570," Look Out, Big Oil: ‘Job Creation’ No Longer An Argument As Solar Outpaces Oil","While jobs in the solar energy sector account for 39 percent of all world-wide energy employment (while oil accounts for 50 percent), Fortune magazine reports that for the first time in quite a while, there are more openings for solar jobs than oil.Think about that. While the world burns for the next barrel of oil, green energy jobs are outpacing the status quo dirty energy that pulled the United States into a massive war.As Fortune finds:This [trend] corresponds with a recent report by The Solar Foundation that highlighted the rapid growth of the U.S. clean energy sector. By the end of this year, the solar sector should have 240,000 workers under its wings, and currently employs around 77% more workers than the coal mining industry.So why is this happening? Well, since the price of oil has plunged by 60 percent in the last 18 months has caused the world s largest oil and gas companies to cut jobs at an alarming rate. BP has announced it will cut 9 percent of its workforce while Chevron says it will cut 10 percent.This comes as reports show that global investment in renewable energy, most of which has come from China and India, heavy polluters, was more than twice that of coal and gas combined from last year s numbers.Tara Sinclair, chief economist of Indeed, issued a warning to those in the energy industry: see out renewable jobs, not oil.The decline in oil prices has not just rocked that industry, but jobs linked to both fossil fuels and renewable energy. Whether or not solar overtakes oil on Indeed, energy workers would do well to position themselves for work in renewable fields such as solar, wind, and hydroelectricity.With Clinton s pledge to build 600 million more solar fields and a promise to rebuild ravaged coal country with renewable energy, the amount of green workers could surge within the next several years (should she win).Is the country, and the world, moving towards a greener economy? Hopefully, it does and will send a powerful and destructive industry packing.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
6571, Obama Continues To PUMMEL Trump With Some Pretty Harsh Truths He Won’t Want To Hear,"While Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump can boast and claim he s going to win the presidency hands down, he s forgetting that he s only been in the Republican primary against some incredibly weak and equally as unappealing candidates. Sure, he s popular among his band of merry morons who want a wall to keep out foreigners and may not have learned how to use a fork yet, but when it comes to the general election, he s pretty much toast.No matter who the Democrats run up against Trump, whether it be the frontrunner Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, they both would kick his ass at the ballot box come November. Clinton is even ahead in the popular vote by millions against anyone running, if that s not already a clear indicator of what s to come later this year.Another person who knows Trump will lose is President Obama, and he s also very blunt in explaining that the real estate mogul/reality television star isn t qualified to be president, nor would he be able to actually fulfill the duties of commander-in-chief.During the White House Correspondents  Dinner the president quipped,  They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be president. But in fairness he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world: Miss Sweden, Miss Argentina, Miss Azerbaijan. Then on Monday, President Obama said during an interview with WMUR in New Hampshire: I think that he is not somebody who even within the Republican Party can be considered as equipped to deal with the problems of this office, but look, we live in a democracy. Clearly indicating that people are more than allowed to vote for him, but he added: If in fact the Republicans nominate Mr. Trump, then it s going to be an interesting Fall season. I m confident that ultimately the Democrat in that circumstance will win. Which is absolutely correct. It would also be a rude awakening for the Republican party that clearly has let itself fall apart before our very eyes. Which honestly is very entertaining, but equally as terrifying.What it comes down to is this: Donald Trump is not only a dangerous choice for president, but him running is just absolutely ridiculous. He s not at all prepared for the role of President of the United States. He doesn t even talk the talk. He just goes around bullying his competition, women, minorities, and Muslims all while talking about a wall that is never gonna happen, nor does it even make logistical sense.Enough is enough, folks. Just remember, no matter who   vote blue.Featured Photos by Bill Pugliano/ Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
6572," Sorry, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz’s Dad Probably Didn’t Kill John F. Kennedy (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is an idiot. Ted Cruz is also an idiot. Ted Cruz s father, Rafael Cruz is an idiot who is responsible for the birth of an idiot. Now that that s out of the way, on Tuesday Donald Trump managed to say something so ridiculous that he makes Cruz and his father look like utter geniuses by comparison. In his desperation to attack the greasy, weasly, lying right-wing extremist, Trump actually blamed Ted Cruz s father for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.Recently, the National Enquirer claimed that a photo unearthed from the Warren Commission s report on Kennedy s assassination depicted the elder Cruz handing out pro-Castro literature with Oswald just months before the latter shot and killed the president. Rafael Cruz was an open Castro supporter and a self-avowed  Marxist-Leninist,  but even if he was photographed near Oswald that doesn t mean he was responsible for murdering a sitting President of the United States or does it? (SPOILER: No. F*ck no).Asked about Rafael Cruz stumping for his son, Trump told Fox and Friends that Ted Cruz s father is responsible (at least, in part) for Kennedy s death. Citing the Enquirer story, he said: You know, there s a whole thing and, you know, his father was with Lee Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald s being   you know, shot. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. What is this, right prior to his being shot, and nobody brings it up. They don t even talk about that. That was reported and nobody talks about it. But I think it s horrible. I think it s absolutely horrible that a man can go and do that. I mean, what was he doing   what was he doing with Lee Harvey Oswald shortly before the death? Before the shooting?  Trump continued.  It s horrible. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyeHlkNBtFUTed Cruz later responded to Trump s claims that his father was at least partially responsible for killing JFK. After calling Trump s assertion  nuts  and rightfully pointing out that is  not a  reasonable position,  Cruz had some fun with the situation: I guess I should go ahead and admit that, yes, my dad killed JFK, he is secretly Elvis, and Jimmy Hoffa is buried in his backyard. Whether or not Cruz actually killed JFK, the Enquirer stands by its claim that the photo does indeed depict Cruz and Oswald together, though Cruz denies even that much. It s entirely possible that the photo may be legitimate, but there is as much chance that Rafael Cruz was involved in a presidential assassination as his son s likelihood of being elected President.Can we say for certain that Rafael Cruz didn t kill Kennedy? No   but I think it s a reasonable assumption that, if Cruz were involved, Donald Trump would not have broken the story.Watch Cruz mock Trump below:Featured image via Houston Chronicle/Getty Images (Scott Olson)",0
6573, Heidi Cruz Is Not Doing Her Husband Any Favors By What She Just Said On Camera,"While she has come out and defended her husband against the very serious allegations that he is, in fact, the Zodiac Killer, Heidi Cruz may have said something more damaging at a campaign stop in Indiana.The Cruz campaign misspoke, but some say it was a Freudian slip when Heidi Cruz said, on camera: Do you know that Ted has been winning the millennial vote in state after state. He s been winning the women s vote in state after state. Ted is an immigrant. He is Hispanic. We can unify this party. Heidi Cruz: #LyinTed  is an Immigrant, not eligible to be President Video:#TrumpTrain#Trump2016#MAGA#INPrimary pic.twitter.com/cvyx9MbC6M  The Loud Majority (@TheLoudMajority) May 2, 2016The campaign says she meant to say he is the son of an immigrant (who played a part in the JFK assassination, according to Donald Trump). Cruz just gave all the ammo in the world to the Trump campaign with that statement. Considering the fact they encompass a group of xenophobic bigots, there is no way in hell they ll consider voting for  an immigrant  and a  Hispanic  now, especially after the  alliance  between Cruz and Kasich.And of course Trump pounced on Heidi s comments, saying: Heidi Cruz   nice woman. She said this one:  My husband s an immigrant!  He s an immigrant! That s what I ve been trying to say   She was maybe trying to put a Latin turn on it. He was born in Canada, folks.I wonder when Republicans are going to accuse the Cruz campaign of playing the race card. While Fiorina accuses the Clinton campaign of playing up gender for support, maybe she should paying attention to what her running mate s wife is saying.Coupled with his  basketball ring  comment and now Heidi s  he s an immigrant  comment, Cruz s chances of winning in Indiana have plummeted. And if that s not bad enough, with an Indiana loss, there goes his chances of getting enough delegates to challenge Trump.The Cruz s comments are now synonymous with the Howard Dean scream and Mitt Romney s  47 percent. Featured image via John Lamparski/Getty Images",0
6574, Uncle Tom CNN Guest Attacks Larry Wilmore: ‘What If Someone Called Sanders The K-Word?’ (VIDEO),"There s often much debate about the use of the n-word in any of its forms. You hear in rap music, or just among black folks as a term of familiarity in some black culture circles. This debate has been brought to light once again by Larry Wilmore s comedy routine at the White House Correspondents  Dinner. The comedian finished his bit by saying directly to President Obama: Yo, Barry. You did it, my n*gga. Well, there was one member of the black media who did not appreciate Wilmore s remarks, and he went on CNN with host Don Lemon to say so. SiriusXM host Joe Madison said of Wilmore: Can you imagine if the K word would have been used to describe Bernie Sanders?  The thing is, though that is not an accurate comparison. Most people don t even know what the K-Word is. For the record, it is an anti-Jewish slur. The word is  Kike.  Jewish people have never included this word in their own culture without it being a million percent offensive in any context. The same cannot be said for the n-word. Now, do I use it in any context? No. Absolutely not. I m black, but I despise that word for my own reasons. However, I do understand that there are contexts within Black circles where it is a term of endearment and is completely appropriate. This one of them.Madison went on to say that it was a sad occasion that after 8 years of this dinner, that s the last word that this distinguished group of people will hear in relation to this president. The second guest in the debate, April Reign, said that Madison was misguided on this one. She put it perfectly when she said that black folks need to stop worrying about the  white gaze  in response to such things. The thing is, worrying about what white folks think will get you far in life, because we live in such a racist society. However, playing that hand is, in and of itself, racist. Reign also went on to point out the obvious, which is that President Obama appreciated what Larry Wilmore said. I am sure he did. People do not like to admit it, but almost every minority you can think of has its own culture where its people are more comfortable. I know that I am, for example, much more comfortable in a gay bar than I could ever be in a straight club. Know why? Because those are my people. They get it. They get the experience. The same goes for how I feel with a bunch of black folks versus being with a bunch white folks. I am sure President Obama appreciated the cultural significance of what Larry Wilmore said, because for the last eight years he s not be able to be with his own people.Joe Madison and everyone else taking issue with Wilmore s routine really need to see themselves for what they are: Uncle Toms who want to distance themselves from black culture, which is seriously just a damn shame.Watch the video below:https://youtu.be/BK7k5kJEmxEFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6575, Jimmy Kimmel SHATTERS Sarah Palin’s Climate Change Denial Using Actual Scientists (VIDEO),"The topic of climate change is somehow still being debated even though it s fact vs. fiction. Climate change is very real, and when 97 percent of scientists agree, we should probably believe them. Yet, there are still people who like to push the narrative that it is a myth. People like former half-term Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin.Well, on Monday s broadcast of Jimmy Kimmel Live, Kimmel tore apart her denial in an absolutely brilliant way. He showed a clip of her denying climate change where she said, Oh, well, if 97 percent of all scientists believe that man s activities are creating changes in the weather, who am I to question that? This is when Kimmel was blunt and to the point: Exactly. Who are you to question that? Over the past few weeks Palin has been trying really hard to be relevant again and pushing the narrative that she knows better than scientists. However, Kimmel shuts her down in one sentence.Kimmel stated: We ve had 15 of the 16 hottest years ever since 2001. That s not an opinion. It s a fact. Adding: For some reason whether or not humans are contributing to this has become a left versus right issue. The politicians debate it. Our scientists don t. A huge majority of climate scientists say climate change is happening. They say we re causing it and we need to do something about it before it has a terrible effect on all of us. There s no debate about the greenhouse effect, just like there s no debate about gravity. It someone throws a piano off the roof, I don t care what Sarah Palin tells you, get out of the way. It s coming down on your head. He then shows a video of actual climate scientists telling us that climate change is, in fact, very real, and why would they make something like this up. Because seriously, what benefit does that do besides change human activity to respect the planet better? Those telling us it s not real are the ones who have more to lose, because big polluters derive profit from destroying the earth. They don t want us to believe climate change is actually happening, and they ve been paying big money to spread their false narrative so they can keep polluting.Kimmel means business, and simply states either you believe science or you don t. He also knows that he s going to get a massive amount of negative feedback by those who insist climate change isn t real because they re either paying to get that message out there or they re dumb enough to believe it.Climate change shouldn t be a left or right issue. The earth and its climate are not up for debate   it s science. Denying it exists only makes one look like a fool. Good on Kimmel for getting serious and getting real about this very real problem that we need to combat sooner rather than later before it s too late.Watch the clip here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6576, Teen Girl Gets Murder Charges For ‘Killing Mom’s Abusive Boyfriend’ (VIDEO),"A teenage girl in Oklahoma is being charged as an adult for the murder of her mother s abusive boyfriend.Makayla Brown, 14, now has first-degree murder charges against her for shooting 45-year-old Mario Smith after she witnessed him pistol whipping her mother a few weeks prior. Makayla s mother Tysa was in Smith s house at the time of the shooting, along with several other friends and family members.According to Merill Carter, who is Smith s cousin and was a witness to the event, Makayla went into the kitchen to retrieve a gun and then shot Smith in the head. An Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation said: Terry and Tysa drove over to Mario s residence to check on Mario. Tysa had been in a relationship with Mario, but hadn t heard from Mario in quite some time. Terry reported that evening, she and Tysa both had a bad feeling about Mario, like something was not okay with him. Mario (the victim) was on the west side of the kitchen bar and was searching for his  stash.  Terry saw Mario bend down. At the time Mario bent over, Terry saw Makayla pull out the caramel-colored gun and shoot Mario in the head. Smith was found on the kitchen floor, lying in a pool of his blood two days later. He was killed just one day before he was due in court for 14+ felony charges of methamphetamine, marijuana, stealing, firearms, assault and battery.According to reports, it seems as though Makayla s mother was not involved in the shooting. The affidavit said: When Mario was shot, [the victim s cousin Merrill] Carter could hear Tysa yelling and crying and he saw she was visibly upse. Carter didn t think Terry had anything to do with Mario s death either. According to a report by an unnamed woman, Makayla was laughing and bragging about the incident two days later. The source said that Makayla had gone into her house and was  openly bragging about killing him. In speaking to authorities, Makayla admitted that the reason she shot Smith was because he had been abusive to her mother in the past. Alexis Terry, a friend of Tysa s, backed up Makayla s claim that Smith was abusive to Tysa.You can watch the report below:Makayla is now being held without bond in Payne County, and is being charged as an adult.This is truly a heartbreaking and difficult situation. It s uncertain what exactly took place right before Makayla shot Smith, but now a child is facing murder charges for trying to protect her mother, when she is not even been old enough to grasp the consequences of her actions. It s unfortunate that it was so easy for her to get her hands on a gun and take action. Now, she is facing the consequences that are meant for someone much older than herself.Should a child be thrown in jail for killing their mother s abuser?Featured image is a screenshot",0
6577, WATCH: Karma Strikes Disgusting Voyeur At Target When Woman Confronts And Chases Him,"What would you do if you had a known video voyeur come up to you? Well, Candice Spivey of Jacksonville, Florida just laid a verbal smack down on one guy named Jeffrey Polizzi when he forgot he had approached her before. She took her own phone out, called him out on video and then proceeded to chase him right out of the Yulee, Florida Target.Spivey wrote in a Faceboo  post: When he approached me yesterday he did not remember who I was, until I called him out on it in this video. Adding: He starts out his conversation with the same punch line he uses here in the very beginning of this video saying,  Hey there I don t mean to bother you but I just bought this maxi dress for my wife at Ross and I was kinda worried about the sheerness of it. Spivey explains what happened the first time she got approached by Polizzi: Whiles he s asking these questions he s filming you with his cell phone, and I knew he was by the way he was holding his phone. I had this feeling there was way more to what he was doing than just asking questions, it was very routine for him like he s been doing this for a long time. So I went immediately to the front and reported him, they called the cops and he was banned from that publix. It was NOT illegal what he was doing. When Spivey was approached by Polizzi again in Target, she sprung into action. She confronted him, and as she was chasing him, shouted for someone to call the police. Unfortunately, he s still out there, so Spivey asks that if you run into him to contact the Nassau County Sheriff s Office, who is currently looking for possible victims.According to The Daily Mail: Police confirmed Polizzi has previously been charged with video voyeurism and issued an appeal last week for any other potential victims to come forward.Since then, scores of women have complained that they were approached by the man in similar scenarios. The biggest thing Spivey wanted out of this video and confrontation was to make sure this slimeball s face gets out there to the public to warn them. It s unbelievable, yet believable, that a man like this is free to walk around and not be taken into custody with several victims claiming it was him.Let s hope he gets caught soon by more than just Spivey, but by the police.Watch the confrontation here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6578, Donald Trump Infuriates Women With Disgusting ‘Rape’ Comment (VIDEO),"Donald Trump can barely go a day without saying or doing something truly offensive to women. Further pushing away women voters (as he has been successfully doing during his entire campaign), Trump decided to make light of sexual abuse over the weekend by comparing the United States  relationship with China to rape.Trump made these misogynistic comments at a rally on Sunday, where he said: We can t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that s what they re doing. It s the greatest theft in the history of the world. Hardly an appropriate comparison; the  rape  Trump is talking about is the trade deficit between the two countries   and anyone could agree that a sexually violent act is a truly disgusting way to describe an economic relationship between nations. Nearly as soon as Trump spewed those shameful, disrespectful words, he began receiving massive backlash from advocates against sexual violence.Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), who has been heavily involved in addressing rape on college campuses and introduced the International Violence Against Women Act, was one of the first to shut the Republican frontrunner down. She said: When you use a violent and heinous crime like rape as a metaphor, it is an affront to all sexual assault survivors. Donald Trump should find another way to express himself. Colleen Daly, a spokeswoman for the group End Rape on Campus, added: Using the word  rape  to describe anything other than sexual violence trivializes the experience of survivors. The statement perpetuates our cultural indifference to rape and desensitizes us to all forms of sexual violence. In just one sentence, Trump has disrespected 300,000 people   that s roughly how many people are sexually assaulted in the United States every year. This isn t even the first time Trump has been completely insensitive about rape. Trump has previously been accused of raping his ex-wife Ivana, and his lawyer defended The Donald by making the despicable and completely false argument that you cannot rape your spouse.  The truth is that over half of all women that report being raped say that their partner was the perpetrator   and Trump and his lawyer single-handedly tried to invalidate that reality.You can watch Trump make his disgusting  rape  comments below:It s no secret that Trump, with his long history of being a misogynist and disrespecting women, is having trouble winning over women voters. If his sexist comments about Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton  playing the woman card  didn t turn more female voters away, his comments about rape surely will. Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.) pointed out Trump s problem with women perfectly: Whether it s attacking women or minorities his vulgar remarks have no place in our political discourse. Women are watching and they don t like what they see. Hopefully women will continue to show Trump that misogyny will not be tolerated by refusing to vote for him.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
6579, Officials Caught Falsifying Records To Deny Food Stamps To Families With Less Than $100 (VIDEO),"Poverty is a problem in America. While most of us are not filthy rich or anything, we also generally don t have to worry about not having enough to buy even the basic essentials, including food. This is the horrifying reality for many people, though. That s why we have programs to combat hunger, such as food stamps. However, some human services workers in New Mexico have been doing something despicable in order to meet deadlines: falsifying documents in order to deny aid to families in need.Reports indicate that at least five workers in the New Mexico Human Services department confessed to fudging records and saying families had more than $100 in assets, and used that as an excuse to deny them aid for food. Now, anyone living in today s world knows that $100 is nothing, especially if you have a family with children.New Mexico Center on Law and Poverty s Sovereign Hager revealed the following to local station KTRK: It makes the state s numbers appear artificially high, as if they were processing things according to law. When in fact, they aren t. This disgusting processing falsification apparently was a result of the inability of workers to meet a deadline of seven days for expediting emergency food stamp applications. So, in other words, these people let babies go hungry in order to save their own asses at work. While we all know that social services in America is a mess, this is utterly unacceptable.Hager further revealed to the local station that she and other authorities were unaware of this tactic to skip out on deadlines: This is something we ve never heard before, but according to workers, has been going on for quite some time. Really now? I wonder how many people are literally starving because of what these workers did. No matter the reasoning, there is simply no excuse. Hopefully, those responsible face criminal charges, and that becomes a warning to social services workers around the nation.Watch a video news report on this story below:Featured image via Pixabay",0
6580, Trump Admits What He Would Have Done After Carly Fiorina Fell Off Stage (VIDEO),"By now, you ve probably heard that at a recent Ted Cruz rally, Carly Fiorina fell off the stage right after announcing the candidate and his family. She s fine, don t worry.Yet, leave it to Donald Trump to use this moment to his advantage in front of his band of merry morons.Trump told his crowd in Carmel, Indiana: Carly s perfectly nice. By the way, she fell off the stage the other day. Did anybody see that? And Cruz didn t do anything. Even I would have helped her, OK? Basically saying,  even I, the biggest jerk on earth, would have given her a hand. Then he just kept going with it, because you know, Trump: They just showed it to me coming in. I said,  No, I didn t see it.  They just showed it to me and I said,  wow, that s really cruel.  She fell off   she just went down. She went a long way down, right? She went down right in front of him and he was talking. He kept talking. He didn t even look like that was a weird deal. Man. And then they were both talking. She was talking from the back and he was talking from there. They re both talking. No, it was weird. Writing out a Trump transcript is very unique, because he will literally repeat himself over and over and over as though you didn t get it the first time.Of course, Trump is making a mountain out of a molehill. Cruz likely didn t even see her fall, and she was back to the stage within seconds. All that aside, it is still wildly bizarre that Carly Fiorina is a  running mate  of a person who likely won t come near enough delegates to secure the Republican nomination.Watch part of Trump s diatribe here:Trump: Even I would have helped Fiorina up: https://t.co/zsb3c5vlqO https://t.co/RLxk64Ae3o  POLITICO (@politico) May 2, 2016Featured Photo via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6581, WATCH: Trump Screams At The Top Of His Lungs About Hillary Talking Too Loudly,"Donald Trump hasn t even secured the nomination of his party yet and already his anti-Hillary Clinton misogyny is on full blast.While all but ignoring his own Republican opponents, Trump used an Indiana rally on the eve of the primary to once again criticize Clinton for talking too loudly. The painful irony: While describing how off-putting her  screaming  is, Trump was yelling his voice hoarse.It s almost as if there is a double standard here Just Donald Trump screaming his criticism of Hillary Clinton screaming pic.twitter.com/tupT6T3TgI  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) May 2, 2016 And I would say that she started screaming at the teleprompter,  Trump yelled,  but I m not allowed to say that.  Breathing heavily into the microphone, he added:  You know why  now if she was a man I could say it. But as a woman, ladies, I m sorry, I m not allowed to say it. Which, of course,  as a man,  nobody will bother criticizing Trump for yelling at this rally or any other. Nor has Hillary Clinton s gender stopped Trump (or other conservative pundits) from feigning concern about how loudly she talks. Not only do they feel they are  allowed to say it    they say it all the time. Endlessly, in fact. At high volume.The general election hasn t even begun and already the battle lines are being drawn. Donald Trump is already signalling that his campaign is going to be one primarily based on sexist attacks. He has avoided going after her experience, her ability, and her accomplishments (none of which Trump can say he has a strong counterargument against), and instead has repeatedly hit her for playing the  woman card. If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don t think she d get 5 percent of the vote. The only thing she s got going is the woman s card. Is it working? It doesn t appear to be. For Trump s largely male crowd, it might elicit fist bumps, but the rest of the country is horrified. Trump s original  woman card  comments drove a record-setting $2.4 million in donations to Clinton s campaign. Meanwhile, Trump s popularity with female voters   not good in the first place   has been steadily tanking further.What Trump s sexist comments do accomplish, however, is to remind America of just how adrift the Republican Party is from our modern society. 2016 is awfully late to be arguing women shouldn t be allowed to speak passionately in public. Perhaps the party needs an update.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6582," Kid In Texas Brings Gun To School, Promptly Shoots Himself (VIDEO)","The trend of tragic gun violence in America s schools continues, this time with a child from Dallas, Texas who brought a gun to school and shot himself. The kid was 15 years old, and he was at the school outside of school hours for a conference. According to Dallas Independent School District s police chief, Craig Miller, the reason the gun was not detected on the school s metal detector was because it wasn t being checked the way it usually is during normal operating times: The metal detectors are monitored differently after school starts. With this incident, perhaps they should rethink that policy. The lucky thing is that the kid s injuries are not life-threatening, and the shooting was accidental. The .22 caliber pistol was apparently on his person in his first period class, and it went off, shooting him in the arm and leg, causing  serious, but not life threatening injuries.  The school tweeted out the following statement regarding the shooting:The student was injured when he inadvertently shot himself with a single-shot revolver after the first class period had ended.The student arrived at school today with this for (an) unplanned conference with school administrators. Because of the circumstance, the procedures for the metal detectors was not applied.The school was then placed on lockdown, and everyone on the scene was ordered to  shelter in place.  According to local officials, that term means the following: Shelter-in-place  means to take immediate shelter where you are at home, work, school, or in between. The lockdown was taken out of effect that afternoon, but many questions remain as to why and how a gun got onto that campus and into that school. When asked for answers by understandably concerned parents, Craig Miller said: I really don t know right now. It s part of the ongoing investigation. Everyone involved was lucky this time. Next time, that may not be the case. Who the hell knows what kind of plans that kid had when he chose to carry that pistol into his school? Considering the history of that, this quite disturbing. It seems that Chief Miller and other local authorities need to update their policies. Further, this is just another incident that shows how much we need stricter gun laws.Watch a news report on the incident below:Featured image via Wikipedia",0
6583, Idiot Donald Trump Supporter Confronts Ted Cruz And It Gets Ugly REALLY Fast (VIDEO),"It s a pretty well-known fact among those who use their brains to make rational decisions that both Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are equally repugnant, but for different reasons (and some of the same reasons). They are both extremely bad choices for the United States, and neither should ever set foot in the Oval Office. Both are war hawks, both are anti-immigrant, which is ironic considering Ted Cruz is and immigrant and so is Trump s wife, and both men don t have any real plans to put in place that would actually be good for the nation.Trump is a bully with zero experience, and Cruz is a smarmy salesman with the bare minimum of experience. So, when watching a Trump supporter confront Ted Cruz in Indiana, it wasn t exactly a meeting of the minds. It was Cruz going after Trump, and Trump s supporter shouting short bursts of propaganda that have been continuously repeated by the Trump campaign.The video is extremely awkward to watch, but at the same time you can t look away. It truly is that much of a disaster.My favorite line from the whole skirmish is when Cruz says: With all respect, Donald Trump is deceiving you, playing you for a chump. It s funny, because it s true, but also ironic, since Cruz is also playing everyone for a fool as well. Cruz s remarks were met with a bunch of random  Lyin  Ted  shouts from the Trump minion, along with  Indiana don t want you  and  where is your Goldman Sachs jacket?  clearly unaware he s supporting a big money tycoon himself.Here s a quick highlight from the unsettling confrontation:.@TedCruz asks @realDonaldTrump supporter to name 1 thing he likes about Trump, debates: https://t.co/d9vqjyz05i https://t.co/Njey71niBN  CBS News (@CBSNews) May 2, 2016But if you really want to watch the whole thing, you can check out the near nine minutes here:All in all, it makes for great TV, but it s horrifying that this is what the Republican party has come down to. No matter who, vote blue.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6584," 8 Years After Housing Collapse, Banks Continue To Punish Wealthy Black Communities","Almost a decade after targeting the black community with subprime loans and economic ruin, the Big Banks are STILL punishing black homeowners because racism is totally dead in America:According to a new Washington Post analysis, the higher a Zip code s share of black residents in the Atlanta region, the worse its housing values have fared over the past turbulent housing cycle.Nationwide, home values in predominantly African American neighborhoods have been the least likely to recover. Across the 300 largest U.S. metropolitan areas, homes in 4 out of 10 Zip codes where blacks are the largest population group are worth less than they were in 2004. That s twice the rate for mostly white Zip codes across the country. Across metropolitan Atlanta, nearly 9 in 10 largely black Zip codes still have home values below that point 12 years ago.If you ll recall, subprime loans were supposed to be mortgages given to high-risk borrowers so they could take a stab at the American dream of owning a home. But then the financial sector figured out how to make a ton of money by pushing crap loans onto an unsuspecting public. Naturally, they targeted minorities because, again, racism is dead in America:Even well-off African Americans, like the ones in some South DeKalb subdivisions, were more likely to be given subprime loans when they should have qualified for better ones. Nationwide, black families earning around $230,000 a year, according to research by sociologist Jacob Fa ber, were more likely at the height of the bubble in 2006 to be given a subprime loan than white families making about $32,000. The problem, Faber argued, wasn t that professional blacks didn t understand that they qualified for better loans; they were targeted for bad loans. Subprime lenders viewed them, Faber argued, as particularly profitable targets.This is not the first time banks have targeted the black community. Redlining was the practice banks employed to keep  Those People  out of white neighborhoods. They literally drew a red line on the map to signify which areas blacks were allowed to buy homes in and which areas were off-limits. The subprime debacle was less overt but no less racist. But even now, the banks are not done screwing over black homeowners:In Atlanta and its suburbs, along with dozens of other cities, the National Fair Housing Alliance has also documented that banks have done a poorer job maintaining foreclosed properties in largely minority communities than in white ones.Properties that fall into disrepair are known as  blight  and drag down property values. And through the wonders and magic of systemic racism, it just  happens  to occur more often in black neighborhoods. But remember, racism is dead in America so it must be the fault of black communities.This ongoing assault on African-American homeowners is a direct result of white supremacy in this country. It doesn t matter if it s a deliberate act or just implicit racism, the result is the same:  The banks are hurting wealthy black communities because they know the system is rigged heavily against them. When white people complain, something gets done. When black people complain, they re just whining.And then we wonder however in the world did white people accumulate so much more wealth than black people and pretend it s because we re inherently superior.AmeriKKKa.Featured image via Getty",0
6585," Racists Explode Over Old Navy Ad, The Internet Perfectly Responds (TWEETS)","Old Navy posted a completely innocent photo of an interracial family to Twitter over the weekend.  Despite the fact that is 2016, racists almost instantly began attacking Old Navy for helping to support  white genocide.  This just proves once again that any type of inclusion in society terrifies racists.Here is the photo that ruined every racists day. The photo simply shows an interracial family standing together, in the way almost every family seems to pose for an Old Navy advertisement.Oh, happy day! Our #ThankYouEvent is finally here. Take 30% off your entire purchase: https://t.co/nGQ9Pji1pN pic.twitter.com/vq4mIczm6A  Old Navy Official (@OldNavy) April 29, 2016White genocide is a racist conspiracy theory. Those who believe in it think that racial equality is a covert attempt to exterminate the white race. They view any display of racial diversity as a part of a giant brainwashing scheme cooked up by people who hate white people. Of course, displays of racial diversity are really just showing the reality of the world. Reality being something these racist trolls seem to have completely distanced themselves from.My family and I will never step into an @OldNavy store again. This miscegenation junk is rammed down our throats from every direction.  Cultural Combat (@CulturalCombat) April 29, 2016What's this? A sick joke where the white guy doesn't realize it's not his kid? A commercial for cuckoldry?#WhiteGenocide@OldNavy  Viva Europa (@realVivaEuropa) May 2, 2016Open Borders + Forced Integration + Multiracial everything 24/7 + Mixed future for WHITES = #WhiteGenocide. @OldNavy pic.twitter.com/oLoRA1u6wT  Ann Kelly (@LadyAodh) May 1, 2016Fortunately, the racist trolls received more condemnation than they could throw out. Many people, angry at the racist attacks being launched at Old Navy, began to post photos of their multi-racial families in response. The images speak volumes as to just how absolutely ridiculous and hate filled these racist trolls actually are.Hey @OldNavy, my family and I thank you for the diversity in this ad! #LoveWins, no matter the color   pic.twitter.com/TjgYUPMGu4  KHARY PENEBAKER (@kharyp) May 1, 2016.@kharyp @OldNavy Thank You Old Navy! Interracial families are beautiful and we appreciate the representation! pic.twitter.com/kVNuGHfAB9  Noelle Devoe (@Noelle_CD) May 2, 2016.@OldNavy Props on this ad! My family and I appreciate it. #RepresentationMatters pic.twitter.com/ZXQ8YbT0QS  Austin Null (@thenivenulls) May 2, 2016@thenivenulls @OldNavy yes it does!! pic.twitter.com/i9oiyq0fUX  Tiara Henderson (@Disneymommy22) May 2, 2016It s sad that these racist clowns exist in the first place but they do have a tendency to bring out some of the most beautiful responses to their ignorance.  As Martin Luther King Jr. famously said  Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.  What could possibly be more beautiful than family?Thank you once again social media. You re the only thing that can both destroy a person s faith in humanity and restore it in just a few minutes.Featured image from Twitter",0
6586, Cruz Trying To Hold Fiorina’s Hand Is More Awkward Than A Middle School Dance (VIDEO),"When Ted Cruz announced Carly Fiorina as his running mate last week, it left many, many people scratching their heads. It d be like a football team getting their finger sizes measured for Super Bowl rings after they ve already been eliminated from making the playoffs. It just didn t make any sense whatsoever. It was clearly a move to try to get media attention (which worked) and in hopes of helping him win the Republican nomination (which it won t).Add to this how awkward of a pairing Cruz and Fiorina make. They go together like orange juice and toothpaste, where the only thing left will be the bitter taste left in everyone s mouths after witnessing their desperation.If you don t believe how awkward they are together, then by all means, witness it for yourselves.Here s Cruz trying to grab Fiorina s hand in the typical politician power pose with their running mate. Or in Cruz s case, his  running mate. Carly Fiorina Gives Ted Cruz a Hand (by @VicBergerIV) (Vine by @superdeluxe) https://t.co/au7opXLkro  Vic Berger IV (@VicBergerIV) April 27, 2016Now, add that together with the fact that both are heavily disliked amongst not only liberals, but conservatives as well, including many in Washington, and you have a recipe for utter failure. Unfortunately, Cruz is gonna have to learn this lesson the hard way, because common sense and candor are not his forte.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6587, Christian Group Admits To Sending Men Into Women’s Bathrooms To Scare You Into Hating Trans People,"Across the country, conservative groups are working to pass anti-LGBT legislation that would bar transgender people the right to use public restrooms. The faulty logic at play is that transgender people are simply dressing up as the opposite gender to gain access to young boys and girls.This. Is. Not. Happening.But rather than take a moment of reflection and realize that what s really at work here is regular old transphobia and fear-mongering being used to hit back at the LGBT community for having scored a number of recent victories at the state and federal level, conservatives are trying to invent the problem to justify their barbaric solution. For an obvious example, look no further than designated hate group American Family Association, whose director of governmental affairs, Sandy Rios, just admitted that her organization has been sending men into women s bathrooms at Target in the hopes of eliciting a reaction.Why Target? The store recently outraged Republicans by publicly standing with the LGBT community and saying its customers can use whichever bathroom they feel most comfortable with. This set in motion the usual calls for boycotts, the usual right-wing smears, and now this  a movement to harass women in Target bathrooms so they are scared enough to demand the policy change. I think there s no question that when you say that there are no barriers in the bathroom,  Rios said,  and that if men or women feel like they are men or women, the opposition of however they are equipped, and you have no restrictions, the net effect will be that people will not be stopped. We ve already had people testing this, going into Targets and men trying to go into bathrooms. There is absolutely no barrier. And so the chief concern,  she continued,  even more than just, I think, trauma, certainly for little girls of having men dressed like women coming in their bathrooms, the chief concern of the American Family Association is the predators who will take advantage. AFA is correct in believing that having a right-wing Christian fundamentalist storm into a women s bathroom for no discernible reason would be deeply traumatizing. Unlike other women, whether transgender or not, these AFA volunteers aren t there to use the bathroom. They are there to scare people. It s unclear how that translates to a need to ban transgender people. Instead, the scariest people are   yet again   the ones who are actively pushing for discrimination.It cannot be overstated just how little evidence there is that transgender people pose a danger to young girls if they are allowed to use the gendered bathroom they identify with. No case has ever been found that demonstrates that this is a tactic child predators seriously use. It s so non-existent, in fact, that a right-wing hate group like the American Family Association has had to get male volunteers to do it themselves.Ironically, AFA s efforts have done absolutely nothing to show that transgender people shouldn t be allowed in public bathrooms. On the other hand, there seems to be mounting evidence to suggest employees of AFA should be kept as far away from Target bathrooms as possible. Who knows what they ll do.Listen to Rios brag about harassing women in the bathroom below, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via Crooks and Liars screengrab",0
6588, ‘Donald Trump’ Joins A Pro-Immigration Rally In LA And It’s Glorious (TWEETS),"On Sunday, thousands of protesters came together for the annual pro-immigration march in downtown Los Angeles, but this year it was as much an anti-Trump rally as it was an immigrant rally. The Republican frontrunner even joined the march and it was awesome.Protesters rolled out a huge balloon effigy of The Donald and marched through the streets chanting about inclusiveness:#MayDay rallies in Los Angeles carry strong anti-Trump theme for his anti-illegal immigration platform pic.twitter.com/xE7elZ8AAg  News18 (@CNNnews18) May 2, 2016 #MayDay Los Angeles pic.twitter.com/6X0isdKPAW  Mike (@mikemcgroarty1) May 1, 2016The march s organizer, Francisco Moreno told the LA Times that the billionaire frontrunner has  no heart :  He s plastic, he doesn t have a heart, he doesn t have a brain. We re not going to vote for Trump! Another protester, Gloria Carrasco, explained why she was at the rally, I m not a drug addict, I m none of what [Trump] says. I want immigration reform. In addition to the pro-immigration theme, protesters were also marching for LGBT rights, worker s rights, Muslims and against police brutality. One sign read, Stand with immigrants, black lives, Muslims, LGBTQ people and low-wage workers! Los Angeles wasn t the only city that held marches on Sunday. In Seattle, thousands of people held their own rally, but the positivity of that event is largely being ignored by media outlets. Instead of reporting about how amazing it was that so many people united for the rights of people across the country, they ve chosen to discuss a few protesters who clashed with police. Yes, nine people were arrested, but this is what the march actually looked like: Several thousand take to streets of Seattle for #MayDay immigration and labor rights details @KIRORadio pic.twitter.com/hKtVjj0Mej  Josh Kerns (@joshkerns38) May 2, 2016Several thousand take to streets of Seattle for #MayDay immigration and labor rights details @KIRORadio pic.twitter.com/hKtVjj0Mej  Josh Kerns (@joshkerns38) May 2, 2016Members of Seattle First Baptist Church giving water to passing marchers. #May1stSea#MayDaypic.twitter.com/LpztGSew4C  El Comit  (@ElComiteWA) May 1, 2016That s what May Day in Seattle actually looked like, not the videos of police violence that you will being played on a loop on the news today.What was clear from the marches in both cities is that the people of this country do not want the bombastic GOP frontrunner as their president. He does not represent us. He does not love this country or its people. The only thing he wants to do is divide us, and immigrants, workers, Muslims, etc. are the scapegoats he needs to appeal to his  poorly educated supporters.  So, remember that when you go to the polls in November and vote blue.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images",0
6589, Watch Ted Cruz’s Disturbing Reaction When Carly Fiorina Takes A Header Off Of A Stage (VIDEO),"Carly Fiorina has decided to add her face to the sideshow known as the Ted Cruz campaign. Cruz, who can t possibility win the nomination unless there s a contested convention, would then not be picking his own VP, making this entire collaboration a lesson in futility. Nevertheless, Fiorina has spoken and she will be proud to maybe be on his ticket if hell freezes over and enough loons and zealots come out to vote. Her official position, it appears, is ring announcer. With a head bob that exuded all the confidence a woman with zero political capital could muster, Fiorina announced the  future first family  to the crowd.As the Cruz family heads down towards the stage, Fiorina suddenly disappears. A quick rewind revealed that she had, in fact, taken a header right in front of Ted And Heidi. How would they react? Would they look for her reaction first to see if she was OK and make a clever joke out of it like,  Carly just gets so excited to see Ted.  Or do you show immediate concern for your friend and hopeful future Vice-President of the United States? Here s how Ted Cruz handled the situation:Wasn t that classy? Both Ted Cruz and wife Heidi decide that the best course of action is to ignore her altogether.  Oh, she fell? Keep smiling. Wave over there. She had better get up or I swear to God I m calling Ben Carson.  All thoughts that wouldn t be out of the question in someone like Ted Cruz s head. Cruz has always been out for himself. If Ted Cruz wins the White House we re doomed to an onslaught of legislation and vetoes based on the man s personal religious beliefs. The fact that he just brought on Carly Fiorina, who will only be remembered for being so opposed to Planned Parenthood that she was willing to throw her whole campaign behind these taped that turned out to be edited, out of context lies that have already landed those responsible with an indictment.Carly is a fitting piece to the puzzle. She s irrational, annoying and has little actual clout with anyone. Congrats on the great find, Ted. Apparently you care about as much about her as the rest of America.Featured image via screen capture",0
6590, The Amount Of People Shot This Year So Far By TODDLERS Will Make Your Stomach Turn,"An analysis by the Washington Post has discovered that in the first four months of 2016, there have been 23 people in America that have been shot by toddlers. Our gun obsessed nation has gotten to the point where deadly weapons in the hands of children too young for kindergarten actually has a body count.Last year, a Washington Post analysis found that toddlers were finding guns and shooting people at a rate of about one a week. This year, that pace has accelerated. There have been at least 23 toddler-involved shootings since Jan. 1, compared with 18 over the same period last year.In the vast majority of cases, the children accidentally shoot themselves. That s happened 18 times this year, and in nine of those cases the children died of their wounds.Toddlers have shot other people five times this year.The most recent instance of this problem grabbing national headlines was when a two-year-old Milwaukee child got ahold of a gun carelessly placed on the backseat of a car and shot his mother, 26-year-old Patrice Price, killing her.Despite these horrific incidents, unacceptable in so much of the advanced, modern world but treated in America as if there s nothing to be done, the will to do anything about guns at the federal level is almost nonexistent.Intimidated by the NRA flexing its muscles to oppose pro-gun safety political candidates, Republicans and a few Democrats in Congress have refused to bring up legislation about guns. If any action has occurred, it has been in the states, and largely in states with a large Democratic majority in the northeast   which leaves citizens in the rest of the country unprotected thanks to some strategically placed campaign contributions.Recently the NRA s media arm, NRA News, went after Hillary Clinton because she has argued in favor of legislation that the gun lobby opposes. More of that sort of behavior is to be expected in the general election, but they did the same against President Obama in 2008 and 2012, obviously unsuccessfully. Despite their bravado and paid political attackers, their bark at the polls is far louder than their bite. If politicians ignored the noise, gun legislation could actually pass despite the NRA s insistence.Featured image via YouTube",0
6591," Angry Cruz Kicks Young Boy From Rally For Being Disruptive, Suggests He Needs To Be Spanked (VIDEO)","Ted Cruz is just one night away from losing the nomination to Donald Trump and the pressure is clearly getting to him. At a truly unhinged last minute rally in La Porte, Indiana, Cruz, joined by his faithful supporter Glenn Beck, spoke to a half empty gymnasium and things went off the rails almost instantly.While telling the crowd that God had chosen himself and Carly Fiorina to be the next president and vice president, divine intervention or faulty wiring caused Cruz s mic to die mid-sentence, leaving the Republican candidate to shout for a new one then stand around silently while one was brought to him. Later, his attempt to pander to the Indiana crowd with quotations from the movie Hoosiers drew eye rolls and groans.At another point, a preteen boy interrupted the rally by shouting  You suck!  at Cruz. He was ordered out of the event and as he was leaving, Cruz told the crowd that he deserved a spanking.A preteen yelling ""you suck"" is hauled out of Cruz event. ""In my household, when a child behaved that way, they got a spanking,"" says Cruz.  daveweigel (@daveweigel) May 2, 2016Young protester interrupts Ted Cruz in La Porte, Ind. ""In my household, when a child behaved that way, they'd get a spanking.""  Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) May 2, 2016Still angry, Cruz couldn t let it go. He added that  children should speak with respect. The crowd went wild.Spanking is a big deal for Cruz. He speaks on it frequently, often bragging about spanking his two daughters. Lately, he s been adding a splash of sexism into the mix, primarily focused on Hillary Clinton  a former Secretary of State and not Cruz s 5-year-old daughter. We do know Hillary told her daughter Chelsea,  Well, gosh, I knew it was a terrorist attack, while we were out telling the American people it wasn t,'  Cruz said.  You know I ll tell you, in my house, if my daughter Catherine, the five-year-old, says something she knows to be false, she gets a spanking. At another point, he said the American people should  spank  Clinton for Benghazi. Spanking appears to be Cruz s main way of communicating.If what is happening in La Porte, Indiana, is any indication, Cruz is going to have a rough go of it when polling starts. Having dumped all of his resources into winning Indiana, the last polls show that Trump still has a double digit lead over him. Apparently, nobody is impressed by Cruz.Or as a preteen boy might say it:  You suck! Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
6592," WATCH: NBC Crunched The Numbers, And Trump Is Facing Election DISASTER","NBC s Meet The Press tried as much as possible to be charitable to the Trump campaign during a segment in which they projected the electoral college map in a Trump vs. Clinton general election. But as host Chuck Todd discovered, when the math is against you, it just won t work.Todd opened the segment by repeating one of the tropes that Republican frontrunner and likely nominee Donald Trump has repeated for several months now: That he can somehow put states that have favored Democrats  in play  and flip them over to the Republican Party.Immediately it became clear that the Republicans face a huge uphill climb on election day. Factoring in states that have voted for either party on a consistent basis over the last four elections, the nightmare for Trump and the GOP is revealed, with 243 electoral votes for Clinton and only 180 for Trump. In a contest where 270 votes are needed, she s almost there without any so-called  swing  states being contested. Democrats have been able to bank on states like California, New York, Pennsylvania with a lot of delegates, in addition to very reliable states like Maryland, Massachusetts, Illinois, and New Jersey staying in solid territory for the party.By contrast, after Texas, it s hard to find solid Republican states with a lot electoral college heft to them. On a map the wide expanses of states like Wyoming, Nebraska and the Dakotas may seem impressive, but their sparse populations limit their impact on the electoral college.Todd then showed a scenario in which more recent swing states that have divided between the parties in recent elections have been counted. If Trump won Ohio, Virginia, and Florida under this scenario, he still comes up short   and the reality is all of those states in the two most recent elections went to President Obama.Then the funniest   or saddest   point was made by Todd. For Trump to win if he somehow won those states (again, highly unlikely) he would need to find votes in Colorado or Nevada. Those states also went Democratic in the most recent election, but that isn t even the biggest obstacle to a Trump triumph. Todd pointed out that those are states with large Latino voting bases, also known as the community Trump has alienated and attacked   characterizing them as rapists and murderers from the first day he was a presidential candidate.No election is set in stone, and it is more than half a year away to the general contest. But make no mistake, especially with Donald Trump as its nominee, the Republican Party is the one behind the eight ball, facing a series of odds that make them the most likely to lose the entire race.Featured image via screen capture",0
6593, Chicago Police Caught On Camera Assaulting Black Female Pastor (VIDEO),"One night in 2013, Reverend Catherine Brown turned down the alley that leads to the driveway of her Chicago home, just as she had done many times before. Her two small children were in the back of her vehicle.As she came around the curve, Rev. Brown encountered a vehicle heading straight toward her on the narrow alleyway. Her first instinct was to slam on the horn, as she quickly brought her own car to a stop.Before Brown knew what was happening, Chicago police officer Michelle Morsi Murphy jumped from the other vehicle and immediately began hurling obscenities at the young mother.According to Brown, she was shocked by the officer s aggressive actions.  As she reached for driver s license, a second officer, Jose Lopez, got out of the vehicle and pointed a gun at her head.Not knowing what else to do, the terrified pastor called 911 asking for a supervisor to be sent to the location.According to CBS in Chicago, which obtained a copy of Brown s 911 call, the recordings  reveal she felt threatened and in danger. They also show that  She repeatedly asks for a lieutenant and police to come and help. CBS Chicago also reports that  her daughters  screams can be heard on the calls. Instead of waiting for a supervisor to arrive, Murphy and Lopez attempted to force the door of Brown s vehicle open.The terrified pastor put her car in reverse and backed out of the alley, hoping to reach an area where witnesses might see what was taking place.The two Chicago police officers pursued Brown s vehicle.Dashcam footage shows that, once she was out of the alley, Brown brought her own vehicle to a complete stop again.The cops plowed directly into Brown s car, showing a complete lack of concern for the two children in the backseat.At this point Brown got out of her car and began shouting for witnesses.Officer Lopez then pepper-sprayed the terrified woman directly in the face, also spraying her one-year-old baby in the process. Officer Murphy can be seen laughing.Murphy then jumped on top of a car which was parked on the street, next to Brown s vehicle, aiming her gun directly at the woman.Another officer appeared at this point. He charged onto the scene, hitting Brown s car with a metal object.The entire gang of Chicago police officers then tackled the unarmed mother, beating and kicking her. They beat me down to my underwear,  Brown told CBS Chicago.  They tore my skirt off. They beat me with their batons, kicked me with their boots. Between the two of them, officers Murphy and Lopez have a total of 30 excessive force complaints against them. Yet these two officers remain on the police force. Since when does protecting and serving mean beating unarmed women and terrifying innocent children?Watch the video from CBS Chicago below, via YouTube. Featured image via video screen capture CBS Chicago via YouTube",0
6594, GOP Outreach To Women Continues As Trump Doubles Down On Sexist Attack On Clinton,"Republicans haven t had a great time attracting women voters in recent history, and it s about to get much worse for them. Their inevitable nominee is someone who has a more lousy reputation with women than any of the  legitimate rape can be a blessing from God  crowd, and he just can t seem to stop making sexist comments. It s no wonder so many Republicans are deciding not to attend the Republican National Convention this year.Donald Trump recently went after Hillary Clinton with an attack suggesting that if she wasn t a woman, she wouldn t even be a legitimate candidate in the presidential race. Trump was asserting that the only thing she had going for her is the fact she would be the first female POTUS, and beyond that she has no qualifications. As you can imagine, it doesn t go over well with most people when you say a woman has literally no talents or redeeming values beyond her genitalia.Trump appeared on Fox News Sunday and was given an opportunity to address his poor choice of words by Chris Wallace. Trump did address the issue in the proper Republican way   by doubling down on the offensive comments. I m my own strategist, and I like what I said, and it s true. I only tell the truth, and that s why people vote for me.  He then suggested that she is just  going to have to take it  because she s a  strong person. So, the new Republican position is that a woman has to just  sit there and take  sexist comments from a guy   otherwise, she isn t  strong.  Really Donald? You re kidding, right? Even you aren t stupid enough to actually say that seriously.Following up on that verbal disaster, he reiterated his original comment by saying, The fact is, the only card that she has is the woman s card. She s done a lousy job in so many ways and even women don t like her. They don t like her. But it is the woman s card, and she plays it, and I ll let you know in about six months whether or not she plays it well. As is the usual case for Republicans, Trump is totally checked out on the reality of the situation. Recent polling models show that women overwhelmingly support Hillary Clinton over Trump by about 60 percent in hypothetical general election scenarios.In a strange way, Trump has done a great service for America and for the Democratic party. His candidacy has mainstreamed the core values of Republicans, such as bigotry, racism and sexism. He managed to convince Republican voters that it s ok to embrace these things openly, and require them to also be openly embraced by Republican candidates. In doing so, he may have single-handedly forced the Republican Party to destroy itself from the inside. Maybe Trump will make America great again, after all.Featured image via wikicommons",0
6595, Clinton Extends Olive Branch To Sanders: We Will Work Together On Party Platform,"With the Democratic nomination wrapping up in Hillary Clinton s favor, the question remains what role Senator Bernie Sanders will play heading into the convention in Philadelphia. Trailing in the delegate support and popular vote support, Sanders undoubtedly has mastered a great chunk of clout that the Democrats will need to tap into if they hope to beat Donald Trump or long-shot candidate Ted Cruz.While the Sanders campaign has remained unwavering in their determination to win California, a power house in delegates and popular voters, they have accepted their path to the nomination is almost all but impossible. However, the campaign has found a way to make their lasting presence within the Democratic Party: the national platform.And Hillary Clinton, who is having to fight to pick up Sanders supporters, is prepared to offer an olive branch of solidarity to work together. Appearing on CNN with Jake Tapper, the frontrunner said she welcomes working with Sanders to implement a progressive platform: I certainly look forward to working with Sen. Sanders in the lead-up to the convention  in the lead-up to the platform that will represent the Democratic Party. It will be a progressive platform. I ve run on a progressive agenda. I really welcome his ideas and his passion and commitment, because the most important thing is winning in November. Sanders has called on the Democratic Party to implement open-primaries, automatic voter registration, and a 50-state strategy to garner as many votes as possible. Clinton has seemingly embraced some of these positions, and especially loved when Sanders told reporters his main priority in November is to make sure Donald Trump would not become President of the United States:There is no more important goal, and I was pleased when Sen. Sanders said the other day he s going to work tirelessly to make sure that Donald Trump was not president, and I really welcome that because that has to be our primary objective.As Clinton heads into the general, she will need to court Sanders  most ardent supporters. Extending an olive branch to work with Sanders is a smart move on Clinton s part, and will ensure a unified party.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
6596," Fox News Fans Found Out Malia Obama Is Going To Harvard, So They Called Her A ‘N*****’ (SCREENSHOTS)","If case you have not heard, Malia Obama is once again proving herself to be a smart young woman. Recently, Malia made headlines when she translated for her father during a trip to Cuba   something that earned her a lot of irrational hatred from conservatives. Now, she is in the news again for accomplishing something many parents wish for their kids: she got herself accepted to Harvard.While is is certainly good news   that the oldest of the First Daughters is following in her father s footsteps and becoming a successful human being, that still isn t enough for Fox News  racist fans. After the right-wing propaganda network masquerading as a news agency reported that Malia (who can t so much as look at a school or even wear a t-shirt without becoming the target of insane right-wing harassment), will be going to a good school, conservatives lost their minds and responded with such vitriol that Fox had to shut down the comments section on the article.The White House announced the good news on Sunday. Fox reported:Malia is the eldest of the Obamas  two daughters. She s 17 and a senior at the exclusive Sidwell Friends School in the District of Columbia.She s set to graduate high school in June, then celebrate her 18th birthday on the Fourth of July.Obama recently said he turned down an invitation to speak at Malia s high school graduation because his emotions would get the best of him.Malia decided on Harvard after visiting at least a dozen colleges, ultimately deciding to attend the school where her father earned his degree. Before she does this, she will take a year off school like many young people choose to do before going to college.There s nothing controversial about this at all. She did nothing wrong, but if you were to judge from the comments that flooded the website soon after the article went up, you would think she performed an abortion while marrying two undocumented immigrants inside a church while taking the congregants  guns and stomping on a flag. Readers called her a  n*gger,  a  monkey,  an  ape,  and made it very clear that her skin color is something they consider important in determining her worth as a human being.Already, the Stupid Part of America suspects that she was granted special favors, that her blackness prevents her from getting grades good enough to earn her a spot at the prestigious school:             This is just one example of the Right attacking President Obama s children. Malia became the subject of assaults after it was rumored that she had a couple drinks at a party while visiting Brown University. Whether or not she did is unknown, but conservatives decided that a.) she s guilty and b.) for doing what many teenagers do, she is literally the devil. Another time, a photograph of her wearing a t-shirt featuring the words,  Pro Era,  the name of a rap label. When she was younger, conservatives even photoshopped an image of the President touching Sasha inappropriately, then presented it as fact. Sadly, it was well-received by the right. Malia can t even get a job without being smeared as an  affirmative action loser. Malia Obama is a classy lady, no matter what these inbred taint-barnacles say. It s disgusting that Obama s more hateful critics can t so much as have the decency to avoid attacking his children. The Obamas have faced more irrational bigotry than have any other presidential family in history   and this is certainly not OK.Featured image via Getty Images/ Chip Somodevilla (modified)",0
6597, Lawmakers Condemn ‘Dangerous Abuse Of Subpoena Powers’ By GOP Panel,"Only April 28, nearly 100 lawmakers sent a letter to Marsha Blackburn, Chairman of the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives. The letter condemns the panel s use of intimidation tactics against  researchers, graduate students, laboratory technicians and administrative personnel,  through what lawmaker s describe as a dangerous misuse subpoena powers.The panel was created by Republicans in October 2015, after the bogus Center For Medical Progress released a series of highly edited videos online. While the group claimed that the videos showed officials from Planned Parenthood conspiring to sell fetal body parts, the video transcripts (which you can read here) tell an entirely different story.Multiple investigations have cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing in association with the video. If that s enough, in January a Texas Grand Jury indicted two of the key players involved in creating the bogus videos, David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, on felony charges.But facts are rarely allowed to get in the way of republican extremists, who continue to use the long-debunked videos as a way to push their anti-abortion agenda across the country.According to the 98 lawmakers who recently signed the letter to the Select Investigative Panel, members of the panel have moved beyond the point of repeating dangerous and false rhetoric about Planned Parenthood, launching a witch hunt which targets medical researchers, medical supply companies, students and others involved in fetal tissue research.The letter reads, in part:We are particularly concerned by the recent reports that the select panel has issued 11 subpoenas to medical supply companies and laboratories that will seek the names of researchers, graduate students, laboratory technicians and administrative personnel involved with fetal tissue research. The misuse of subpoena power is clearly aimed at not only stopping the crucial medical research, but personally intimidating the scientists who are engaged in this lifesaving work.The 98 members who signed the document strongly condemned the  dangerous tactics  employed by the panel, calling for it to be immediately dissolved.The letter goes on to rip republican lawmakers, saying: This body has spent more than enough taxpayer money doing the bidding of the Republican Congressional Committee. It is clear that this Panel serves no other purpose than to carry out politically-motivated attacks on Planned Parenthood. Not only is it insane that Republicans in Congress continue to waste taxpayer resources investigating these debunked videos, but it s reprehensible that they would use their positions as elected officials to intimidate and harass scientists, researchers and others, for their own political gain.Here are the names of the eight members of Congress who make up the investigative panel:Vote them out in November.Photo by DeAgostini/Getty Images",0
6598," Hillary Just Responded To Obama Making Fun Of Her At Dinner, And It’s Perfect (TWEET)","During the White House Correspondents  Dinner Saturday night, President Obama took jabs at pretty much everyone on both sides of the aisle. This dose of humility is good to keep everyone in check and try to not allow heads to get too large.President Obama made jokes even involving the current Democratic presidential candidates, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.With Bernie, the president went after the fact that the Vermont Senator has been distancing himself from the current administration. Then with Hillary, he joked about the fact that Hillary seems to try so hard to be hip with social media, but still hasn t quite gotten the hang of it. He said: You ve got to admit it though, Hillary trying to appeal to young voters is a little bit like your relative who just signed up for Facebook.  Dear America, did you get my poke? Is it appearing on your wall? I m not sure I m using this right. Love, Aunt Hillary.  It s not entirely persuasive. Well, Hillary took to her Twitter account on Sunday to let the president know what she though of his joke.Her response was perfect, saying: Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves. @potus Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves. #WHCD -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 1, 2016Of course, all of the president s jokes were all in good jest, and no one was immune to criticism.The president did, however, make a joke early on in his speech that definitely got people laughing and thinking that he s throwing his support behind Hillary, or at least he believes she ll be the next president.President Obama quipped: Next year someone else will be standing here in this spot, and it s anyone s guess who she will be. Clearly cluing us in that he believes the former Secretary of State will win in November.Obama: Next year someone else will be here, and ""it's anyone guess who she will be"" #WHCD https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/w9u1yCIqQv  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 1, 2016All in all, the night was a lot of fun and even a little bit sad knowing that it s President Obama s last Correspondents  Dinner as president. We ll have to wait and see who will be the president for next year s dinner.Featured Photo by Bryan Thomas/Getty Images",0
6599, Disabled Man Confronts Ted Cruz For His Lies About Obamacare (VIDEO),"Republican presidential hopeful and Texas senator Ted Cruz has earned the nickname  Lyin  Ted  for a reason, and he s in no rush to clean up his tarnished image anytime soon.Proving that he s completely worthy of being known as the least-liked GOPer, Cruz mingled with voters at The Pie Pan restaurant in Evansville this weekend   and lied to their faces. For over an hour, Cruz met and took photos with voters, clearly trying to prove that he wasn t  Lucifer, as former House Speaker John Boehner recently suggested.During this meet-and-greet, one of the issues Cruz spoke about was Obamacare. Cruz said: The top two legislative agenda items I ve got are repealing Obamacare and passing a simple flat tax, abolishing the IRS. Everything was going smoothly for Cruz until toward the end of his visit, when an older couple introduced Cruz to Scott, a disabled man in a wheelchair. Although some of the conversation is muffled, it is clear that the man is concerned about the Affordable Care Act being repealed, stating that people like him would not be able to get health insurance at all. This concern is completely valid   even current House Speaker Paul Ryan has said that putting people with pre-existing conditions into  high-risk pools  would make healthcare unaffordable for many Americans. Cruz began to respond and say, There s no doubt that we need to provide care  before the man interrupted: But it was never done before. It was never done. Nobody did it. Cruz, heartless as ever, replied with a straight-up lie: I can tell you millions have lost their health care at the same time. The  millions  that Cruz is referring to are those who had policies that didn t meet Obamacare standards. Factcheck.org has actually straightened this false GOP talking point right out   it turns out that those people didn t  lose  their insurance at all   they were offered replacements that did fall in line with the ACA instead. But of course, Cruz isn t going to bother with the truth.You can watch Cruz lie to a disabled man s face below:The feed unfortunately cut out, but not before the man confronting Cruz could point to Scott and say, Well, but it made a difference to some. Those  some  people who the man is referring to are the 16.9 million Americans that now have affordable health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Repealing Obamacare is a huge disservice to Americans, and it s a shame that Cruz s attitude toward those concerns is I don t give a f*ck. Featured image is a screenshot",0
6600, Geraldo Rivera: GOP Will Only Nominate A ‘Crazy Person’ Who ‘Can Never Be Elected’ (VIDEO),"Those of us on the left have long said that the Republican base took a jump off the cliff into crazy land never to return a long time ago. Well, now, one of their own is saying the same. Geraldo Rivera, famed host of trash TV turned GOP mouthpiece, has come out and echoed what we have all been saying for ages: his party is bashit insane. Rivera went on Fox News this weekend and spoke with Howard Kurtz, who pointed out that the Fox correspondent was likely  a little uncomfortable  with Republican frontrunner Donald Trump s comments regarding immigrants from Mexico, considering the fact that it is well documented that Rivera and Trump have been bosom buddies for many years.Rivera said: He is a friend of mine, I do love the guy. And then he said Mexican immigrants are dope dealers and rapists. Indeed. We all remember The Donald s infamously racist tone upon the opening of his travesty of a presidential campaign. It s nice to know that it did not go unnoticed by Rivera.Rivera continued: Though I have a deep respect for him and his family, I could never vote for him unless he moderates that position. It is easy for me to draw that line, I can go that far but no further. You have to be compassionate to this [immigrant] population. Well, that s good to know. One less vote for that lunatic Trump, even from a self-professed right winger in the public eye. Rivera went on to say that he thinks that,  Donald doesn t really mean it,  and then let loose on what those on the left already have known about the GOP s base for a very long time now: I think you have to be a crazy person to get the Republican nomination these days. I think that they have to tow a line that is in many ways intolerable for a reasonably intelligent compassionate person. You have to clear the [anti-immigrant Rep. Steven King] hurdle in Iowa to get anywhere. Steven King is the congressman that said of Mexican immigrants that they have the calves the size of cantaloupes because they are all carrying dope across the border. I mean, if you have to please that person to get past the nation s first primary election then you are doomed to a radical position that will never fly with the American electorate, and you can never be elected. Well, yeah. I mean, even though most Republicans are that nutty and ignorant, there are plenty of moderates who cannot look the other way on such positions, and certainly independents and left wingers can t. Despite the circus that is the current state of American politics, most of us really just aren t that nuts, thankfully.I might not agree with Geraldo Rivera on much, but this time he is right on the money   the current incarnation of the Republican Party is beyond crazy.Watch Rivera s comments below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6601, Talk Show Host Whines That No One Called George W. Bush ‘My N***a’ At Correspondents’ Dinner (VIDEO),"People have called former President George W. Bush lots of things. War criminal. Worst President Ever. Terrorist. Dipshit. F*ckface. But it is doubtful that any African-American man, woman, or child (especially after his response to Hurricane Katrina) would ever call him  my nigga. While Republicans are understandably confused by Larry Wilmore s term of endearment for the President at the Correspondents  Dinner   after all, they are used to calling him the  -er  variation of the word rather than the one Wilmore used   many view Wilmore s ability to infuriate the right in this manner as the only redeeming aspect of his otherwise godawful comedy routine. So, Mr. President, I m going to keep it a hundred. Yo Barry, you did it, my n*gga,  Wilmore said at the dinner, a phrase that most recognized as a positive remark but the Right felt was a reminder of that  n-word  thing they don t get to use when referencing President Obama.Upon hearing Wilmore call the President  my nigga,  Fox host Todd Starnes, for example, nearly exploded into a noxious cloud of rage and envy after hearing Wilmore use a variation of something that he s been screaming inside his head for years as he pretended that Wilmore s words were somehow offensive. Sharing in Starnes  feigned outrage is conservative talk show host and imbecile Jimmy Mathis, who threw an almost temper tantrum on Sunday over Wilmore s ability to use the word.Suddenly, for the first time in his presidency, Mathis feels that Barack Obama deserves  respect.  That s   the jealousy felt by the Stupid Part of America that is so pervasive that they are now talking about  respecting this President   the same one they have been screaming about for years.Mathis said that public figures like Wilmore (and, presumably, Fox News hosts and other noted right-wing icons) should   go above and beyond to try to be as respectful to the individual and the office as possible    a complete departure from what typically happens in conservative media. Mathis whined that no one called President George W. Bush  my nigga : And then you have Larry Wilmore Correct me if I m wrong, I don t remember anybody while roasting [President George Bush] dropped the N-word in the final White House Correspondents Dinner.If I were President Obama, I would have walked off that stage, I would have walked off. No way you re going to disrespect me and the office. This is not a P.C. society thing. I can t imagine standing feet from the President of the United States and saying that,  Mathis said, though like all conservatives it s probably something that is a commonly recurring theme in his dreams.Here s a thought for Mathis: right now, at this very moment in time, the Republican frontrunner is endorsed by the KKK. Until you condemn that, the rest of us   especially people you regularly dismissively call  the blacks  or worse   don t give a damn what you think about a black man saying  my nigga. Listen to his feigned outrage below, with a bonus caller who says a bunch of racist stuff Mathis accepts without question:Featured image via screengrab",0
6602, WATCH: New Music Video Calls On Supporters To Keep Rallying For Bernie Sanders,"Bernie Sanders, the upstart and relatively unknown senator from Vermont, has captured the hearts and minds of people from all generations and walks of life, especially young Americans who are the future of tomorrow. He s ignited a passion for the political process not seen in generations. One of his gifts has been his ability to explain the major issues America is facing today and to offer actual solutions to problems. His straight talk has been refreshing in a political process that borders on the repulsive this election year, especially when it comes to GOP candidates, who often attack each other rather than the issues, making a mockery of the Republican Party and setting a bad example for America. Bernie s straight talk is summed up in a new song called Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, a rallying call for Bernie s supporters to continue the march toward the Democratic nomination.The lyrics in the song include the following: He s come to save democracy from the greed of the plutocracy and slay the phony narrative and make healthcare an imperative. About income inequality and media frivolity, they ll tell you you re just out of luck, while Bernie fights for 15 bucks. Perhaps the most attractive aspect about Bernie Sanders  candidacy is his ability to take stances on issues. Unlike most politicians, the senator actually has views on issues and offers solutions rather than what most politicians do, which is to avoid taking a stance for fear of losing votes.Whether Bernie Sanders is able to win the Democratic nomination or not, he s already changed America. For example, he taught other politicians that if you criticize Israel for its abhorrent treatment of the Palestinians,  you ll survive as a politician, despite the seditious influence that Israel lobby groups have over the American political system. Politicians will have to listen to voters who call for universal healthcare and an America first attitude and Bernie Sanders has been able to normalize this talk.The Bernie Sanders revolution is here.Watch the video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5a2NAfsC4I]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6603, Fox Host Throws Hissy Fit Because He Can’t Call President Obama The N-Word (TWEETS),"Larry Wilmore used the n-word on Saturday night to cap off his bit at the White House Correspondents  Dinner to congratulate President Obama, and that made one Fox host incredibly jealous. Yo Barry, you did it, my n***a,  Wilmore declared in celebration of President Obama s eight year tenure as the nation s first African-American Commander-in-Chief.Here s Larry Wilmore s full performance. His remarks above are at the end of the video:President Obama didn t have a problem with it, but Fox News host Todd Starnes sure did, and he let everyone know about it by throwing a temper tantrum on Twitter.He accused Wilmore, who is black, of being racist and whined about how shameful it is to use the N-word while talking about the president.Dear @larrywilmore   race baiting isn t funny   and using a racial epithet is incredibly despicable. #NerdProm #shameful  toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) May 1, 2016 What @larrywilmore called the President at the end of that disgusting speech was despicable   incredibly shameful.  toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) May 1, 2016Of course, President Obama is also black and the n-word has become a term of endearment used among some members of the black community in an effort to reclaim the word from its racist past.And Twitter users were quick to roast Starnes:Sorry you got so butthurt, @toddstarnes. I m pretty sure @larrywilmore doesn t give a shit. pic.twitter.com/i36SyxxTyr  Bigfoot Monday (@AtheistBigfoot) May 1, 2016 @toddstarnes you work for Fox, now THAT is disgusting.   iMDRW (@iMDRW) May 1, 2016@toddstarnes @larrywilmore interestingly enough POTUS gave him a pound and a hug and STRANGELY wasn t offended. Wonder why that is- Context?  stankyousmellymuch (@theGOAPT) May 1, 2016 @toddstarnes @larrywilmore LMAO stfu. I m a Trump supporter, but  my nigga  is not bad. It s not bad using N-word in that way.  Marquis (@wallace_marquis) May 1, 2016.@toddstarnes You call people  illegals.  pic.twitter.com/SbX6Ufp9kp  Hemant Mehta (@hemantmehta) May 1, 2016 @toddstarnes @larrywilmore Again, white conservatives upset at the big bad  n-word  but don t care about white cops killing black people.  chauncey devega (@chaunceydevega) May 1, 2016White conservatives are complaining that Larry Wilmore uttered  nigga ? And Republicans are about to nominate a dude endorsed by the Klan.  Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) May 1, 2016 White people only mad Wilmore called Obama a nigga because they ve been screaming it in their heads for 8 yrs now and can t say it  nae (@neyshajasme) May 1, 2016Indeed, conservatives have disrespected President Obama and the office he occupies for eight years now and they have desperately wanted to call him the n-word because they are racists. In fact, they are so racist that they are literally nominating a man who has the full support of white supremacist groups to be the Republican candidate for president in the 2016 Election.Now, THAT S shameful.Featured image via screenshot",0
6604," This University Will Punish You For Being Raped, Effectively Silencing Victims","Imagine being a woman going to a university where instead of only investigating the person who sexually assaulted you, they also choose to discipline you as well. That s exactly what s happening to young women who attend Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.BYU prides itself on Mormon values, yet apparently standing up for women who have been sexually assaulted is not one of those values. Instead, with their actions, they are in turn giving permission to rape, because it s likely not going to get reported, because the women being assaulted are also being punished.One woman named Brooke told CNN after she brought her story to BYU s Title IX office, an office that is supposed to handle sexual violence: I thought there would be some mercy, you know. I told them everything, and because of the fact that I was on drugs, they used that reason to kick me out of school after reporting it. You see, BYU has an  Honor Code,  and within that code one must not commit sexual misconduct  or participate in  illegal substances.  When Brooke came forward she explained that the sexual assault came after she had taken LSD, the school decided to send her a letter that read: You are being suspended from Brigham Young University because of your violation of the Honor Code including continued illegal drug used and consensual sex, effective immediately. And as it turns out,  Brooke is not alone. Several women have come forward with similar stories of being shamed by BYU s archaic  Honor Code.  So many, in fact, that there is now a petition asking the school to  stop punishing victims of sexual assault. The woman who put together the petition shares her story, and says: I don t deserve punishment for choosing to report my rape to the police. But now I have to deal with a criminal trial and an honor code investigation. I don t want anyone to have to go through what I m experiencing now. That s why I m insisting BYU creates a way for victims to come forward without being reported to the Honor Code Office. Also stating: I spoke up at a sexual assault awareness event at BYU last week. In response, Title IX official Sarah Westerberg defended her choice to deny me services and to initiate an Honor Code investigation against me. She recognized that the honor code has a  chilling effect  on reporting of rape and that Title IX  does not apologize for that.  I felt like I was being treated not as the victim, but as a perpetrator. BYU has made it clear that victims will be punished if they report sexual violence.  That s a huge reason why so many survivors are afraid to come forward and contributes to why BYU s rape and sexual assault numbers are inaccurately low.  Without an immunity clause, BYU will continue to be a hostile environment for rape victims, and that emboldens offenders and shames victims.I can only imagine how many rape survivors have not gotten justice or help to heal because it might hurt their academic standing. It s just absolutely outrageous that women have to fear being suspended or expelled because they were victimized by a sexual perpetrator. They did not ask for what happened to them. They are NOT the guilty party. BYU better take a good long look at their practices and how they handle reports of sexual assault, because this is utterly unacceptable. Women should feel safe in their learning environment, and know that their school will be there for them if anything were to ever happen. Instead, they are victim-shamed and robbed of their education. Appalling.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
6605, Michelle Obama: Research Proves We Can Lift Economy By Educating Girls,"During her time in the White House, First Lady Michelle Obama has championed so many important causes   many of them geared toward helping children and women around the world.One of these crucial initiatives, launched last year, was Let Girls Learn   an effort to educate teenage girls. This effort was backed by studies that showed that when women and girls are educated, a nation s economy rises. In an interview with a U.S. Agency for International Development publication, Michelle said: Studies from the World Bank show that one extra year of secondary school can increase a girl s future income by 15 to 25 percent. And we know that when girls are educated, they are less likely to contract HIV, more likely to delay childbearing and vaccinate their children, and have lower maternal and infant mortality rates. Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire country s GDP. The link between the education of girls and a nation s GDP has been made before   and thanks to an analysis by Politifact, we now know that there s a lot of truth to that statement.According to research, when there are more girls in school, there is a higher gross domestic product   although there is some uncertainty if it s a stronger economy that results in more girls being educated, or if having more girls in school leads to the rise of a nation s economy. One policy report from the World Bank said: By effectively educating more women   that is, providing more women with a high-quality education   more will enter the labor market, and the economy will show the favorable results. Although educating girls has been shown to improve the economy, this doesn t account for any obstacles women might encounter even if they are educated. Sexism and gender inequality can still have an impact on the economy even as efforts are made to put more girls in school and give them more resources and opportunities. According to a 2009 article in the journal Feminist Economics, the economic benefit will be lost if companies refuse to hire educated girls.However, the gains of educating girls are far more than any roadblocks they may encounter. Education allows girls to make informed decisions about their lives and allows them to contribute to and help improve society. Michelle was dead on when she said: We need to get these girls into school, because we know that education is the single-most important stepping stone to power, to freedom, and to equality. Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images",0
6606, House Republicans Just Tried To Hand America’s Elections Over To The Koch Brothers,"The Koch brothers have just received a huge legislative gift from House Republicans. On Thursday, the Ways and Means Committee voted on a bill that would make dark money even darker. In a 23-15 vote split along party lines, the committee approved the bill. After the Supreme Court s Citizen s United decision, a flood of dark money has been funneled into U.S. political system. Now, the Koch Brothers and their Republican goons in the House are trying to make it harder to know who is donating money to these non-profit groups.U.S. Representative Peter J. Roskam (R-IL) introduced the bill, which is titled the Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act. The bill would change the current law so that non-profit organizations no longer have to disclose their donors to the IRS. The Kochs and Republicans have argued that these donor lists only serve to give the IRS a way to intimidate those who donate to certain non-profit groups.Koch Companies Public Sector president Phillip Ellender released a letter in support of the bill which says: The targeting of non-profit organizations by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to limit free speech under this Administration is well documented. From the IRS subjecting donors of nonprofit organizations to the gift tax, to the direct targeting of conservative non-profit organizations based solely on their beliefs, this legislation could not be more pertinent. Considering the pair of reports released earlier this year by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), it s even more pressing. The GAO found serious internal control flaws within the IRS that could allow the agency to continue its targeting of certain Americans for audit  based on an organization s religious, educational, political, or other views. In reality, these lists are mainly used to prevent donations from people in foreign nations from influencing U.S. elections. If this bill were to pass it would open up the floodgates for foreign contributions into the U.S. political system. Democracy 21, an organization that advocates for fair elections and campaign finance reform, released a statement where they said: Currently, the fact that nonprofit groups have to report their donors, including foreign donors, to the IRS serves as a check against any nonprofit taking the risk of illegally spending these funds in federal elections. By eliminating this reporting requirement, as the Roskam bill does, there would be no way for anyone to know whether foreign money was being illegally spent through a nonprofit in a federal election and there would be no way to hold violators accountable for their illegal activities. This move by the Koch brothers is nothing more than an attempt to further erode democracy in the U.S. The reality that U.S. politicians can be bought and sold by  charities  is bad enough. The idea that they could be financed in part or totally by people who are not U.S. citizens is downright scary. This bill is treasonous and those who support it should be considered traitors to the U.S. It should concern both on the right and the left.You can watch the Ways and Means Committee session on the bill below:Featured Image from (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)",0
6607, WATCH: Ted Cruz Gets His A** Handed To Him By Chuck Todd In Humiliating Interview,"Chuck Todd took Ted Cruz to the woodshed on Sunday after the Texas Senator claimed that there s a media conspiracy against him.Cruz is currently in second place far behind Republican front-runner Donald Trump, who is close to capturing the GOP nomination.Throughout the interview on Meet The Press, Todd repeatedly tried to get Cruz to answer whether he will support Trump or not should he become the nominee. But Cruz only embarrassed himself by avoiding the question with nonsensical claims about the media and NBC that Todd called him out on. If he s the nominee, I take it you can t support him anymore, can you?  Todd asked. I recognize that many in the media would love for me to surrender to Donald Trump,  Cruz accused. It s not about the media,  Todd replied before stabbing Cruz with reality.  Senator, it s about the numbers. He may win. Republican voters are the ones rejecting you. This is not a media conspiracy, Senator. Todd continued to grill Cruz into answering the original question. Why can t you answer the question of whether you can support Donald Trump or not?  Todd asked.  You can t answer that question. Why won t you answer that question, straight forward, black and white? Cruz then accused NBC executives of being  partisan Democrats,  which Todd immediately called out as a lie. You don t get to just say that. It s just not true. Go ahead. You re broad brushing here, and this is exactly what people hate about the media and politics. Broad brushes, right? Cruz then launched into a rant about how if voters reject him the country will be lost as if he s the only person in the nation who can save it. I m not willing to concede this country,  Cruz said.  If we lose this, we lose our country. At that point, Todd dared Cruz to take a stand if he really feels that way and answer the question of whether he will support Trump or not if he becomes the nominee. All Cruz has to say is that he won t support Trump, especially if he really believes that by losing to Trump the country will be lost. Don t you think it s important to take a stand? You just said it s a time for choosing. If it s a time for choosing, say it, for him or against him as the nominee! But like a stubborn petulant child, Cruz refused to answer the question and Todd slammed him for it. Let the record show, you have not taken a position on whether you can support Trump if he s the nominee,  he concluded, to which Cruz replied that the media tried to force him to support Trump.Here s the video via YouTube:Cruz completely humiliated himself during this interview and left us no doubt about why Republican voters are rejecting him at the polls.He was given a national platform on Sunday television to tell voters that he will not stand by Trump if he wins the nomination but all he could do was offer contradictory rhetoric about how the country will be lost if Trump wins while refusing take a stand against Trump.When Cruz loses the Republican primary, he can t blame the media for it. The only one he can blame is himself because he was too cowardly to answer a simple question that would have shown once and for all where Ted Cruz stands. Instead, all he could do is complain. And whining will be all Cruz is remembered for doing during this campaign.Featured image via screenshot",0
6608," Fox News, Huffington Post Reporters Brawl Outside WHCD (IMAGES)","Fox News  reporter  Jesse Watters and Huffington Post s Washington Bureau Chief Ryan Grim got into a heated confrontation following last night s White House Correspondents  Dinner.The Washington Post reports that punches were thrown as the two  flailed around,  ultimately  upending a table and bumping into several people. While no one seems to have captured the fight on video, Washington Post reporter Dave Weigel managed to get a photo of what looks like Watters getting his ass kicked by Grim.Image credit: screen capture, Dave Weigel via TwitterThe Washington Post reports that the two men were among a group of WHCD attendees who had gathered in a heated tent outside the main party area.The fight broke out after Grim said he recognized Watters as the  ambush journalist,  who  engineered an on-camera confrontation of writer Amanda Terkel, now a HuffPo colleague of Grim. Terkel describes how Watters, an O Reilly Factor correspondent, stalked, ambushed, harassed and accosted her in this Think Progress article.Upon recognizing Watters at the WHCD, Grim decided to give Watters a taste of his own medicine.According to witnesses who spoke with the Washington Post, Grim approached Watters,  whipping out his camera phone and filming him. Grim later posted to Twitter that  ambush guy  didn t take well to being ambushed himself.Image credit: screen capture Ryan Grim, via TwitterOnce the confrontation became physical, a crowd of bystanders intervened to keep the peace.The Washington Post reports that RNC executive director Sean Spicer stepped in to separate the two men, during what he described as an effort to  stay true to the party venue. The Washington Post reached out to Watters for comment, but did not get a response.They did reach Grim, who was described as  unrepentant. Ambush guy can t take getting ambushed,  he said.  Maybe he should think about his life choices. Image credit: Dave Weigel via Twitter",0
6609, President Obama Makes Fun Of Donald Trump And It’s HILARIOUS (VIDEO),"In his final 2016 White House Correspondence Dinner, a sharp tongued President Obama unleashed a scathing but hilarious barrage of humor on Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump and pretty much everyone who had ties to the GOP. The president drew many laughs in front of journalists, celebrities, and politicians, both Democrats and Republicans. However, one person wasn t there: Donald Trump. The president said of Trump s absence:I m a little hurt that he s not here tonight. We had so much fun the last time. And it is surprising. You got a room full of reporters, celebrities, cameras, and he says no. Is this dinner too tacky for the Donald? What could he possibly be doing instead? Is he at home eating a Trump steak, tweeting out insults to Angela Merkel? What s he doing?The president also had lots of fun with how the Republicans have reacted to the fact that Donald Trump is their most likely nominee. The president said:The Republican establishment is incredulous that he s their most likely nominee. Incredulous, shocking. They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be president. But in fairness, he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world. Miss Sweden, Miss Argentina, Miss Azerbaijan. And there s one area where Donald s experience could be invaluable. And that s closing Guantanamo. Because Trump knows a thing or two about running waterfront properties into the ground.The president also took a shot at the media for their lopsided coverage of Trump s campaign which often times has been absurd in term of the amount of free press he s received. The president told the audience full of reporters and journalists,  I hope you re all proud of yourselves. Let s hope that when all is said and done, the ascendancy of Donald Trump doesn t go beyond November and we can all breath a sigh of relief when we no longer see Trump s face plastered all over the media.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcIrak9gdn8]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6610, Bush’s Secretary Of Defense Says Trump Has No F*cking Idea What He’s Talking About,"Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates is not a fan of Donald Trump, and he has no problem telling the American people that the billionaire would be a mistake. On Sunday s episode of ABC s This Week, he did exactly that.Guest host Martha Raddatz asked Gates what he thought about the speech the Republican frontrunner gave on foreign policy earlier in the week and like former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Gates was not impressed: I think based on the speech you d have somebody who doesn t understand the difference between a business negotiation and a negotiation with sovereign powers. For example, he, on the one hand, says we need to be a more reliable ally to our friends. And then in the next breath he basically says we re going to rip up all those burden-sharing agreements that we ve had over the decades with them and make them go their own way if they don t pay for everything. During Trump s speech he did, in fact, contradict himself. He claimed he was going to take care of our allies, but then he said that many of them aren t paying their  fair share and if he were president he would make those countries (mostly in the Middle East)  defend themselves. Gates also slammed Trump for his inability to take advice: One of the things that worries me, Martha, is that he doesn t appear to listen to people. He believes that he has all the answers, that he s the smartest man in the room. And I ve worked with some   for some very different presidents. Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, Barack Obama. One of the things they all had in common was a willingness to listen to people who with   who had experience, and then make their own independent judgment. Now, they ve gone in different directions but they never assumed they had all the answers, and that s one of the things that troubles me. He definitely does think he knows best and that is a huge problem when you think about how much power he would have as president. Just look at his campaign, he continues to insult minorities and women even as other officials in his party tell him to knock it off. He continues to say that he will force other countries to pay for things, even though experts say that is not possible. What would happen if he were sitting in the White House and the Secretary of Defense told him that his plan to  bomb the hell out of ISIS  wasn t a good idea? Would he ignore his military advisers? The answer is: probably.When a person with as much experience as Robert Gates says Trump is a bad idea, the Republican Party should take him seriously.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6611, Don Lemon Flipped Larry Wilmore The Bird After Being Utterly Humiliated By Him Publicly (VIDEO),"There are quite the number of mixed reviews coming in this morning of Larry Wilmore s monologue at the White House Correspondents  Dinner. Wilmore, who runs The Nightly Show on Comedy Central, took some pretty serious stabs at the mainstream media, particularly CNN.At one point, Wilmore asked where Wolf Blitzer was by saying,  Speaking of girls, where s Wolf Blitzer.  The camera showed a profile of an unamused Blitzer as Wilmore went on to trash him and The Situation Room, as the crowd went silent except for a few jeers and  oooohs :Wolf Blitzer looks less than amused with Larry Wilmore s jokes   screen capture+Wilmore seemed to be, for the most part, bombing here. The crowd, which arguably is full of the people Wilmore has decided to insult, isn t being kind to the anti-media position. That didn t stop Wilmore from trudging on, coming to Don Lemon and delivering an epic roast that earned him more than just a few laughs, It earned Don Lemon s middle finger:Don Lemon couldn t show a little restraint, opting to show the bird to Larry Wilmore instead   screen captureTo be fair, Larry Wilmore laid a smackdown on Lemon that probably warranted a little comeback, but seriously, Don? At the WHCD? The president and the first lady are in that room get a grip.Here s the exchange between Wilmore and Lemon that had fingers flying:The line, in case you missed it, was,  America s finest black journalists are here tonight. Don Lemon s here too.  Lemon reacted, poorly, and he ll catch a lot of grief for it. Wilmore, on the other hand, has taken a few hits for what people called a horrible performance and also been heavily praised by people who think we SHOULD question the status quo. CNN Doesn t get a pass just because they aren t Fox News anymore. When President Obama delivered his monologue, he made notes of some journalists who had made moves away from the White House Press Corps and then he zinged Jake Tapper for  leaving journalism to join CNN. It was a rough night for the media, that s for sure.Featured image by Getty Images Pool/ Screen capture",0
6612, Obama Invades Iran With A Moderate Reformist Government–Defies GOP Logic Of Democracy Via War,"How many times more are we going to get to say this before 2017?  While Republicans were bashing Obama for <insert situation here>, he was busy taking care of the same problem they were crying about better than they ever could have hoped to do.  This is a common theme between Republicans and President Obama. Every time President Obama does something good, they call it the biggest disaster imaginable. Do they think we re not watching?Remember during President Obama s Iranian nuclear deal, when Republicans said  going easy  on Iran (translation   not invading their country) would only make them a worse threat?Huge shock incoming: literally nothing Republicans swore would happen from the Iran deal happened. In fact, yet again the exact opposite happened.The latest proof of President Obama s phenomenal and historic success comes with news of the recent Iranian elections. Supporters of Hassan Rouhani swept to power in run-off elections that gave the Iranian moderate reformist movement legislative control of the Iranian parliament for the first time in over 10 years.Forty-two percent of the total seats were won by Rouhani s moderate supporters. Independents took nearly 30 percent of the remaining seats, and the vast majority of them are also moderate reformists. This leaves a paltry 28 percent left for the Iranian hardliners, which essentially amounts to a seat at the  kid s table,  where their rhetoric means diddly squat and they can do no legislative harm.The landslide success of the Iranian moderate reformists has been linked directly to the success of the nuclear agreement reached between President Rouhani and the United States. The deal brought a great amount of both social and financial relief to the people of Iran, and Rouhani s big win is being viewed as an endorsement of it by the Iranian people.The seriousness of this would be difficult to overstate. President Obama not only won on the Iran deal, but he helped move into place a reformist government that could carry things far beyond the deal alone.As if the electoral results were not enough of a statement for a more moderate future in Iran, the first priority of the new government is going to be a bill to guarantee citizens  rights. This is IRAN we are talking about. The idea of citizen rights being the first priority for a newly elected government is astounding, considering they were viewed by most of the world as a terrorist state for decades.While Iran won t be turning into a mirror image of the West anytime soon, just the fact that the nation took such a huge pivot so quickly is all anyone needs to know when it comes to how President Obama did on the Iran deal.Republicans just can t win when it comes to President Obama. Every time they bash the hell out of him in the media for handling a situation poorly, he literally does the exact opposite   quite often simultaneously   while the rest of the world laughs at the GOP. We sure are going to miss him.Featured image via Getty",0
6613," Long Beach Police Have Discriminatory Policy Targeting Gay Men, Judge Says (VIDEO)","On April 29, Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Halim Dhanidina overturned the conviction of Rory Moroney, a gay man arrested by an undercover Long Beach police officer in October 2014.In overturning Moroney s conviction, the judge confirmed what LGBTQ advocates have been saying for years: that gay men are routinely targeted by members of the Long Beach vice squad.The judge agreed with Moroney s attorneys, who sought to have their client s conviction on charges of  lewd conduct and indecent exposure thrown out,  citing the discriminatory nature of Long Beach  lewd conduct stings. During the stings, male officers are sent out into the community to specifically target gay men.In Moroney s case an undercover officer made gestures toward him in a public restroom. Moroney was arrested after responding to what he presumed to be sexual advances on the part of the officer by exposing himself.Dhanidina found that  the presence and tactics of the decoy officers actually caused the crimes to occur. The judge also found that  Long Beach s vice tactics are discriminatory because the squad uses only male officers as undercover decoys in lewd conduct stings. He went on to say that the police department intentionally targeted men who engaged in homosexual sex,  during the stings.While the police department claimed that the stings were only done in response to citizen lewd conduct complaints, the judge shut down that argument after they failed to show evidence of citizens complaining.LGBTQ activists and civil rights attorneys have long criticized the tactics used by police to arrest gay men.Jim Key, a spokesman for the Los Angeles LGBT Center, told the Los Angeles Times that police who use these tactics  aren t saving lives, they re destroying them by branding innocent men as sex offenders. John Duran, West Hollywood councilman and expert witness, said the lewd conduct stings  came out of the era when homosexuality was criminal,  calling them  a leftover from the last century. While the judge s decision is a step forward, both for Moroney and others who have been entrapped by Long Beach police, these same tactics are unfortunately used to persecute gay men all across the country.Last year police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana finally apologized for destroying hundreds of lives after they entrapped and arrested gay men using a ban on sodomy struck down by the Supreme Court almost 15 years ago.Watch video from The Young Turks, which talks about how police targeted and trapped the victims of these false arrests:Just as we have a long way to go in the US to eliminate institutional racism, we still have a long way to go to eliminate institutional homophobia, which includes a multitude of tactics used by police and lawmakers to profile, target, entrap, criminalize and imprison members of LGBTQ community.Photo by Ulrich Baumgarten via Getty Images",0
6614, WATCH: President Obama’s ‘Couch Commander’ Comedy Video Is The FUNNIEST Thing He’s Ever Done,"For his final White House Correspondent s Dinner, the White House release a hilarious comedy video, starring President Obama, Vice President Biden, and a cast of famous faces. The plot of the video showed the President going on a quest to figure out what, exactly, he plans to do with his free time after leaving the White House.Watch @POTUS in ""Couch Commander."" https://t.co/p1xFpHrSmP  The White House (@WhiteHouse) May 1, 2016After dropping an expletive on NBC s Chuck Todd, who calls him the  Couch Commander,  Obama meets with Vice President Biden, who advises him to start driving again, or to get involved in sports.That s followed up by another joke at the expense of birther conspiracy theorists.The President then plays around with Snapchat, which creates a media controversy.Seeking advice for what to do in retirement, President Obama turns to his former nemesis, former Speaker of the House John Boehner, who watches an emotional film and out come the waterworks.Boehner then dispenses some advice to Obama to just be himself, and the President expresses relief at being able to wear  mom jeans  again.The video showcases a lot of what has made Obama so endearing to his supporters, and what drives his detractors up the wall. He is a natural performer, at home making fun of himself and the weird institutions and traditions of Washington, D.C.The Couch Commander video is quite similar to President Bill Clinton s offering at his last Correspondent s Dinner in 2000. That showed President Clinton lounging around the White House looking for something to do as the election ran past him, even Hillary Clinton had abandoned him as she went to New York for her senatorial run. Eventually Clinton ended up with the kid from the then-ubiquitous Dell commercials showing him how to use eBay and send email (it was the turn of the century and still so very new). Sixteen years later that video is still funny:Featured image via Twitter",0
6615, Obama Lets Us In On Who He Thinks Will Be President At Next Year’s Correspondents’ Dinner (VIDEO),"Every year the nation s press corps meets in Washington D.C. at the Correspondents  Dinner. A dinner which is always entertaining, to say the least, as President Obama jokes about events that may have happened throughout the past year, and people who have most significantly appeared in the media.This year was no different as the president quipped about each and every presidential candidate, not leaving anyone out. He also made a joke indicating who he believes will be the president at next year s Correspondents  Dinner.Obama said: Next year someone else will be standing here in this spot, and it s anyone s guess who she will be. Obama clearly insinuated that he believes former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will not only win the Democratic primary, but also win in November against whoever the Republicans may put up against her.Only time will tell to see if President Obama s prediction will come true, but no matter who the nominee may be on the Democratic ticket, we ve got to make sure liberals unite and against the Republican candidate. No matter who, vote blue. Not only for yourself, but for the good of entire nation.Watch the video of Obama s prediction here:Obama: Next year someone else will be here, and ""it's anyone guess who she will be"" #WHCD https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/w9u1yCIqQv  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 1, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6616, Conservative ‘Christian’ Says Wives Should Submit To Husbands Even If Treated Like Sh*t,"If you re a woman you re going to want to deck this asshole for what he just said.During an interview with the Christian Post this week, evangelist nut job Kirk Cameron said that no matter how wives are treated by their husbands they should be submissive and stay in the marriage because God commands it. Wives are to honor and respect and follow their husband s lead, not to tell their husband how he ought to be a better husband,  Cameron said before claiming that women should know their role so that the marriage can succeed.  When each person gets their part right, regardless of how their spouse is treating them, there is hope for real change in their marriage. In other words, even if she is being beaten daily by her husband and treated like a slave, a wife should always remain submissive and basically let her husband do whatever they want without consequence. And it s all because the Bible says so according to Cameron. A lot of people don t know that marriage comes with instructions,  he said.  And, we find them right there in God s word. Seriously. This is the  advice  Cameron has for women.Someone should call Cameron s wife and make sure she is okay because the former child actor clearly thinks domestic violence is something wives should just ignore instead of saving themselves and getting out of the marriage.Cameron is, of course, part of the conservative  Christian  fundamentalist movement which repeatedly preaches that women are nothing more than common house slaves meant to cook, clean, raise children, and talk only when their husbands give them permission to do so.Just take pastor Steven Anderson for instance.In February, Anderson posted a sermon in which he preached that women should be banned from voting, barred from seeking divorce, prevented from entering the workforce, and ought to be confined to the home where they are submissive to their husbands. The right to divorce your husband is what they mean. You know what they mean? The right to rebel and disobey your husband, the right to divorce him, the right to go out and get a job and make your own money, the right to tell him what to do, the right to go vote for our leaders as if women should have any say in how our country is run when the Bible says that  I suffer not a woman to teach, not to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. Here s the video via YouTube:Two years earlier, Anderson demanded that women shut their mouths in church so that the men could teach them. You have to wonder if Cameron believes that, too.Anderson has also preached that women shouldn t be allowed to talk, read, or leave the house.Basically, if conservative  Christians  like Steven Anderson or Kirk Cameron had their way women would be forbidden to have lives outside of the home and would be under the boot heel of their husbands day in and day out without a say in the matter. And just think, many Republican lawmakers agree with them.It s a scary thought that should spur women across the country to use their right to vote to put men like Cameron and Anderson in their place.Featured Image: Facebook",0
6617, The Revolution Won’t Be Beat: Here’s How Sanders Is Going To Change The Democratic Party (VIDEO),"While Bernie Sanders is nowhere near ready to concede defeat in the Democratic primary race, on Thursday the Vermont Senator vowed to bring  the most progressive agenda that any party has ever seen  to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.According to Fortune, Sanders and his backers have not yet decided on all of the issues they will press for during the convention, which is scheduled to take place at the end of July.But on Monday Senator Sanders listed single-payer healthcare and a comprehensive climate change plan as issues the Democratic party would need to adopt if they hoped to gain support from his backers.Later in the week, during an interview with CNN, Jane Sanders pointed to election reform as another of the campaign s top issues.Mrs. Sanders said during the interview: One of the things that we will be fighting for on the platform, whether he s the candidate or not, is electoral reform. The process needs to change. We need an open electoral system, same-day registration and open primaries. According to Fortune, Sanders  team may also press the party to change primary rules, and to eliminate the use of superdelegates to determine the party s nominee, a system which many Democratic voters are uncomfortable with.Another item likely to be on Sanders  agenda is a $15 federal minimum wage.With 14 primaries yet to be held, Sanders  told a crowd of supporters at Purdue University on Wednesday that he s  in this campaign to win and become the Democratic nominee. Watch a video clip from the candidate s speech, via YouTube, below:While many pundits and pollsters say that Senator Sanders has little chance of winning the party s nomination, as Fortune reports here, win or lose, if Sanders captures at least 40 percent of pledged delegates during the primary, party rules provide a lot of room for his supporters to define the party s platform.It would not be the first time in history that such a maneuver has taken place.As Fortune reports:In the divisive 1980 Democratic convention, losing candidate and then-Senator Ted Kennedy battled with President Jimmy Carter over major platform points, bringing amendments to the convention floor in a show of defiance. Kennedy was able to help push the Equal Rights Amendment into the party s platform.Few today would say that was a bad thing.Image: 4/29 Indianapolis, IN   by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6618," House Republicans Just Went After Your Retirement Savings, And They Want To Give It To Wall Street (VIDEO)","On Thursday Republicans in Congress voted to overturn a rule, proposed by the Obama administration, which requires investment advisers to act in the best interest of the person they are advising.The rule was first proposed last year, after a detailed report from Senator Elizabeth Warren revealed that financial advisers are receiving a treasure trove of incentives, kickbacks and non-cash awards for giving out bad financial advice to seniors and people on the brink of retirement.As Addicting Info reported here, Warren s report showed that financial advisers are rewarded with all-expenses-paid, luxury vacations to places like South Africa, the Bahamas and Aruba, as well as golf outings, theater tickets, gift cards and cash prizes, all for steering retirees toward risky, company-owned investment options.While financial advisors personally profit from doling out bad advice, retirees lose more than $17 billion a year because of a loophole that leaves them unprotected under traditional conflict of interest laws.The Obama administration has been working to fix the loophole by including people who seek advice about pension and retirement accounts as people toward whom advisers have a  fiduciary obligation,  under the conflict of interest law.In the meantime, the industry has been fighting hard to keep the rule from taking effect.During a hearing on the proposed rule last year, Senator Elizabeth Warren went head-to-head with the President of Primerica, Peter Schneider, who was brought in to testify against the rule.Watch Senator Warren hammer away at Schneider in the video below, courtesy of Sweet Videos on YouTube:While it s clear from Senator Warren s report and the testimony in the video above that the rule is needed to protect consumers, Republicans proved yet again that they have no desire to serve the interests of the public.Congress introduced and passed H.J.Res.88, which reads as follows:This joint resolution disapproves and nullifies a Department of Labor rule published on April 8, 2016, relating to the definition of the term  fiduciary  and the conflict of interest rule with respect to retirement investment advice.(The rule defines who is a fiduciary with respect to pension and retirement plans. Under current law, a person who provides investment advice has a fiduciary obligation that requires the person to provide advice in the sole interest of plan participants and beneficiaries. The rule changes the definition of  investment advice  to treat people who provide investment advice to pension and retirement plans for a fee or other compensation as fiduciaries in a wider array of advice relationships.)As much as Republicans would like him to, there s almost no chance that the President Obama would sign any bill which attacks the proposed fiduciary rule.Still, the Republican-sponsored resolution confirms what we already know about their priorities.While Democrats like President Obama and Elizabeth Warren are fighting to protect the public from Wall Street predators, Republicans are working hard to pass legislation that prevents them from doing just that.There s only one solution. Vote them out in 2016.Photo credit KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images",0
6619, Man Caught Peeping On Little Boy In Airport Bathroom – But GOP Worries Ladies Might Have A Penis,"According to Republicans, it is imperative that we  protect women and children  by instituting measures that punish transgender women for having a penis. Some measures would literally place a bounty on transgender people, financially rewarding anyone who spots a penis in the women s restroom. Others would impose heavy fines on transgender people simply for going to the correct bathroom. These measures, which combat alleged threats which have absolutely no basis in reality, have been decried nationwide by thinking individuals who realize that Republicans   the very people imposing these harsh and pathetic laws on the rest of us   are a greater danger to women and children than transgender people could ever be.While Republicans crow about their attempts to save woman and childkind from the evil penises that may or may not be attached to women whose primary goal in a bathroom is to relieve themselves, they ignore certain inconvenient truths   like that children face greater danger from straight men in the men s restroom. On April 22, a traveler at a Seattle airport noticed something horrifying: a man was snapping pictures of his 8-year-old son in the bathroom.According to charging papers, the little boy was using the bathroom when North Carolina resident (yes, he s from the same state that recently shamed the nation by  protecting  children from transgender women with its asinine  bathroom bill ) stood in the neighboring stall and began taking photos over the stall wall. The boy s father spotted the man performing this disgusting act and rushed to stop him. Are you taking pictures of my son?  the man demanded angrily. Joshua Gitlin denied it, but the father saw a photo of his son still on the pervert s cell phone screen. He grabbed Gitlin s phone and slammed the stall closed as others called for police assistance. Gitlin was arrested  at the scene. Police confiscated his phone and other electronic devices with which Gitlin was traveling. He was jailed and charged with voyeurism, but was released Saturday on $100,000 bond.To date, there have been zero instances of transgender people being arrested for bathroom misconduct, but the same can not be said for Republican lawmakers. Unfortunately, transgender people don t write the laws.In November, be sure to head to the polls and vote BLUE so we can end this absurdity and begin focusing on real, important issues   like undoing the damage Republicans are inflicting on our nation.Featured image via Afflictor",0
6620, WATCH: Film About Barack And Michelle Set To Debut And The Plot Will Amaze You,"Barack Obama s life has undoubtedly been an interesting one and as the president winds down his second term in office and leaves the public eye, his presidency as well as the years before he became the most powerful man in the world will continue to garner interest in the American consciousness. One new movie attempts to satisfy that curiosity. Southside with You, a romantic dramedy, is based on the president s first date with Michelle in 1989 on Chicago s south side.Watch trailer here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erpUF2ToUls]A young Barack Obama, a recent graduate of Harvard, played by actor Parker Sawyers tries to win the heart of Michelle Robinson, played by actress Tika Sumpter. On their first date, they take a tour of the Art Institute, watch Spike Lee s Do the Right Thing, and have their kiss in front of an ice cream parlor. It s quite interesting watching the trailer and thinking that in a very short period of time, this couple comes out of nowhere and changes American history.Produced by John Legend and directed and  written by Richard Tanne, who is making his directing debut, the film first premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and has received glowing reviews from critics and is scheduled to be released to North American movie theaters on August 26. 2016.With the president and the first lady sailing off into the sunset shortly, this film will definitely  garner the interests of millions.Featured image via video screenshot ",0
6621, Kasich Gets Tripped Up On ‘Born Gay’ Question: ‘I Don’t Know How It All Works’ (VIDEO),"GOP presidential candidate John Kasich would like us to believe that he is the non-bigoted alternative to the likes of extremists like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. However, whenever he opens his mouth on certain issues   specifically those of the LGBTQ variety   we see more and more that nothing could be further from the truth. Case in point   a situation Kasich recently found himself in when he was interviewed at the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco by Kelly Bryan. When Bryan asked Kasich if he believed gayness is something folks are born with, the candidate attempted to dodge the question by saying, I m not going to get into the analysis of this or that. Bryan wasn t letting Kasich off that easily, though. He pressed, It s not analysis.Are people born gay? Kasich answered uncomfortably: Probably? I don t know how it all works. Are they? In all probability, they are. Bryan then pressed Kasich on the issue of LGBTQ rights, saying,  Don t we deserve free, regular rights like everyone else  Kasich insisted that LGBTQ people do have  free, regular rights,  when, of course, nothing could be further from the truth on that point: You have free regular rights. We re not denying you any rights. I m not, in Ohio. I m not out to discriminate against you.. I think you should have as good a life as anybody else. If Kasich truly believed this, he would include LGBTQ people in the hate crimes statutes in his state of Ohio, of which he is governor. Further, he would not be supporting a party platform that opposes marriage equality and other rights for LGBTQ people. The only thing Kasich did right during this exchange is to vaguely insinuate that he does not support anti-trans bathroom bills like North Carolina s HB2. On that front, Kasich said: I think we should just try to, like, take a chill pill, relax, and try to get along with one another a little bit better instead of trying to write some law to solve a problem that doesn t frankly exist in big enough numbers to justify more lawmaking. Well, that s something, at least. But then, when asked about marriage equality, Kasich feigned ignorance. Bryan said of the issue as far as the official GOP platform goes: Republicans don t believe in marriage equality. It s your platform. Kasich shot back, Is it? I haven t read that thing lately.  He went on to refer to the Republican Party as  my vehicle [and] not my master. The thing is, though, this interview makes Kasich s positions clear. He is just as anti-gay as his GOP comrades. He just dresses his bigotry up in nicer language.Do not be fooled, people. John Kasich is just as extreme as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz   he just does a better job of hiding it from everyday people.Watch the exchange below, via Raw Story: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6622, Texas Republicans ACTUALLY Claim Their Awful ‘Bathroom Bill’ Doesn’t Target Transgender People,"There are many important issues in the world: racism, discrimination, poverty, police brutality. Unfortunately, Republicans   issue of the week,  while it touches on one of those in all the worst ways, is something so unimportant, so petty, that Americans are actually paying attention to the plight of transgender individuals for once.All across the nation, the GOP is focused on making sure that no one with a penis enters a women s restroom, even if they identify as a woman. Kansas, for example, literally wants to place a bounty on transgender individuals with its  spot a penis, win a prize bill, which provides financial incentives for people who simply share a bathroom with a transgender individual to childishly scream  Eek, a penis! Republicans in other states   Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, and South Carolina, and others, are attempting to punish transgender people simply for using the correct restroom while North Carolina and Mississippi, for example, have already passed legislation that punish women who happen to have a penis (let s face it: they aren t concerned with trans men) for going pee.Not to be outdone by the other bigots in our country, one Texas city has thrown itself into the fray with a  bathroom bill  that would levy huge fines against transgender people   though they are attempting a new approach to the matter by claiming that it doesn t target transgender individuals.Now, you may be shaking your head at his point and asking,  F*cking SERIOUSLY?  But we assure you it s true.The New Civil Rights Movement reports:Transgender people could face fines of up to $500 for using restrooms according to their gender identity under an ordinance to be considered by the City Council in Rockwall, Texas, on Monday.The ordinance, submitted by Rockwall Mayor Jim Pruitt (photo), would require people to use restrooms according to their  biological sex,  as shown on their birth certificates. It would also bar businesses from allowing trans people to use restrooms according to their gender identity. I just think that it s insanity not to have those protections in place,  Pruitt, a Republican, told WFAA-TV.  These folks aren t transgender that this is targeting. This is targeting folks of the opposite sex that are going into those restrooms under the guise of being transgender and having access.  This is not about sexual orientation or anything of that nature. It is about privacy and the protection of our children. Republicans love to claim that they are protecting women and children with these obviously discriminatory pieces of legislation but the truth is that there isn t a single verifiable instance of a transgender individual so much as harassing a non-transgender person in a bathroom. None. Nada. Zilch. In fact, if they truly wanted to protect women and children in bathrooms, Republican lawmakers would ban Republican lawmakers from entering bathrooms at all.At this point, everyone needs to recognize these bills for what they are. They keep no one safe. They do not prevent crime. They do not protect women or children. They do not make sense when one looks at crime statistics. What they do is perpetuate a culture of hate and fear among the poorly-educated and bigoted in society. They increase the chance that women   cisgender or trans   will be harassed by stupid people who think they don t look feminine enough. They do nothing but promote exactly the sort of mentality that reasonable people have been trying to eliminate every single time conservatives find a new group of people at whom they can level their irrational hatred.But they do accomplish one positive thing: They bring attention to the plight of a group of people who regularly face discrimination, yet whose cries for help are ignored.Watch one example of the sort of nonsense this legislation encourages below:  Featured image via Tumblr",0
6623," President Obama To Senate GOP: Seriously Guys, Do Your F*cking Jobs Already (VIDEO)","President Barack Obama had plenty of obstacles when he took over from the Bush administration. The country faced a recession not seen since the Great Depression and the U.S. was embroiled in the Iraq war which left hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis along with thousands of American soldiers in what has turned out to be one of the most catastrophic American foreign policy blunders in history. One would think that the Republicans would help the young president fix what they had broken. Unfortunately, since Obama took office, the Republicans have done nothing but try to stifle him, even at the cost of shutting down the government.Fast forward more than seven years and we still see an unbroken theme with the Republicans   continued obstructionism that has prevented the government from functioning properly and has kept vital decisions from being made. In the latest round, the Republicans in the United States Senate refused to give Chief Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and a vote despite the fact that it s been 45 days since the president nominated him for the United States Supreme Court. In his address, the president made it clear that the U.S. Supreme Court must remain above partisan politics and the senate must do its job.Unfortunately, as they ve done in the previous seven years, the Republicans are unlikely to heed the president s advice and suggestions. In the end, it s the American system and ultimately the American people who suffer from the partisan politics which have become so dysfunctional.Watch the video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl8quI2z0sY]Featured image via video screen capture",0
6624, Trump Disproves The Effectiveness Of Walls As He Climbs Over One Himself (VIDEO),"Since the beginning of Donald Trump s campaign for president, his cornerstone plan has been to build a wall, a great, big, YUGE wall, spanning the entirety of the United States and Mexico border. He s got his fans so excited to be racist that they just can t wait to be the utter isolationists they ve always wanted the country to be.Well, it looks as though Trump just disproved the effectiveness of walls as he was able to easily climb over one on his way to a campaign stop in San Francisco, California. He needed to do so because of all the protesters who had arrived. And because things got very heated, with violent exchanges between the pro and anti-Trump crowds, the real estate mogul had to find an alternative way into the Hyatt Regency where his event was taking place.Of course, he noticed the very tangible hypocrisy in the whole ordeal, but he made a joke of it in very a Trumpian fashion. He told his crowd: That was not the easiest  entrance I ve ever made. It felt like I was crossing the border, actually. Which is both offensive because it s NOTHING like crossing the border, as many have died seeking better lives for themselves and their families, and it was true only in the sense that a border wall is a joke of an idea. Clearly, as Trump has just proven himself, one can find a way over, or even under walls. The centerpiece of his campaign was just flushed down the toilet by the reality star himself.Maybe Trump will now start talking actual policy plans. Ha! Who am I kidding? He has no plans, he just wants to be King of America, because he clearly thinks he deserves it, despite not having any of the proper experience whatsoever..@realDonaldTrump forced to climb over wall to attend his own event in San Francisco. #9News https://t.co/qavo3f9qzH  Nine News LA (@9NewsLA) April 30, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6625, Man Barges Into Women’s Bathroom Because He Saw Short-Haired Woman And Thought She Was Transgender,"Ted Cruz got his wish. After weeks of fear mongering about transgender people and encouraging conservatives to lash out, men and women across the country are being harassed by self-appointed  bathroom cops  who have taken it upon themselves to barge into public bathrooms and demand their victims  prove  they are the biological gender they say they are.In Cruz s home state of Texas, a confused woman began recording her confrontation with a man as he walked into a women s bathroom and told her that her short hair and manner of dress made him suspect she was secretly a man. It s a perfect example of how Republicans have fixed a non-existent problem (transgender people do not use public restrooms to sexually assault young girls), and created a bigger one: An unregulated militia of angry men who now feel it is their duty to go into public restrooms and inspect people s anatomy.Jessica Rush is not transgender, but she has a short  fauxhawk  hairstyle and dared to wear a t-shirt and shorts when she went in to use the women s restroom at Baylor Medical Center in Frisco. Hot on her trail was an unidentified man who came into the bathroom with her and asked if she was a man. When I saw you enter I thought you was  the man says. A boy?  Rush offers. Yeah, it was kind of confusing.  Certainly she can see why.  You dress like a man,  he says several times as he walks away.Rush was understandably flabbergasted by the exchange. Later, she said she approached the man to ask why he felt compelled to approach her. He said his mother was using that bathroom. Somewhere on the campaign trail, Ted Cruz just nodded in approval. His fear mongering is working.Currently the issue of the right for the transgender community to use the bathroom of their choice has engulfed several southern states (with a few more, including Texas, on the way). The conservative argument is that trans people are little more than sexual predators dressing as women in order to gain access to young women. This has been shown both by scientific research and by example to be utter nonsense.Despite it s fictional roots, North Carolina s Republican governor has chosen it to be his hill to die on. In the wake of massive boycotts to the tune of tens of millions of dollars and incalculable national humiliation, Governor Pat McCrory says he is standing firm and keeping his discriminatory bathroom bill on the books. Sen. Ted Cruz, desperate to find a wedge issue to separate him from Republican front-runner Donald Trump, has made bashing trans people the central plank in his platform.And while most people are rightfully outraged by this latest stab at discrimination, the talking points are clearly working with some people. Many Americans who may never have even thought about the non-issue, have become consumed with fear that their loved ones will be attacked in a bathroom stall. It s hardly surprising, then, that some, like this man, have taken it upon themselves to interrogate people trying to use the bathroom. It s the inevitable conclusion to this level of transphobia.Watch the incident below: Video Apr 28, 2 13 35 PM from Voice Media Group on Vimeo.Featured image via Vimeo screengrab",0
6626, Bill Maher Insults Trump’s Supposed Masculinity And It Is GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump wants everyone to believe that he is this hyper-masculine ladies man that every guy on the planet should strive to emulate. However, as Real Time host Bill Maher points out, nothing could be further from the truth. Trump is actually more like a whiny brat than he is like anyone s version of a real man.Maher started out by asking the guests on his show how anyone could think Trump is masculine: Tell me what is masculine about Donald Trump. I don t see anything masculine about this guy   the most thin-skinned erratic non-logical whiny person in the world. That s the  old woman  stereotype. But I don t see what is so masculine about him. Then, the conversation turned to the  woman card  insults that were directed at Hillary Clinton, and one of Maher s guests, Kelly Conway, insisted that the comment was Trump putting Clinton  on notice  that she better fight for the votes from the ladies, saying: Hillary Clinton s having a hard time getting these young women in the Democratic primaries. They re voting for Bernie Sanders, so why is that? If it were just as simple as,  I m pro-choice  or  I m for pay inequality  she d be running away with it, Bill, she would be the nominee. Then again, though, Conway is a Ted Cruz supporter, so she clearly doesn t know much about being pro-women s rights, despite being a woman herself.After that ridiculous moment, Rob Reiner, who was also on Maher s panel, shut Conway down, saying: So she s not just playing the  woman card.' Indeed, she is not. She is doing well because she is qualified. Reiner later pointed out the obvious and gave Trump an epic beatdown, when he said that everything that comes out of his mouth is moronic to the Nth degree. Maher reminded Reiner that moronic or not, Trump s idiocy is authentic. Reiner replied, He is authentically moronic, yes. Yes, Trump is a moron. Hopefully, there are enough people out there who recognize this as fact and not merely opinion to keep that fool from becoming the next president of the United States.https://youtu.be/jcGyI_lRJ2oFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6627, Sanders Campaign Withdraws Lawsuit Against DNC After Investigation Shows No Theft Of Voter Data,"You might remember a few months ago, the Bernie Sanders campaign filed a lawsuit against the Democratic National Committee for cutting off access to their own campaign data stored on the servers at DNC headquarters. The cut off came from when a few Sanders staffers found they could access protected, private information of the Hillary Clinton campaign, which was stored on the same servers.The DNC came out quickly and said that the Sanders staffers intentionally exploited software errors to gain access to the Clinton team s proprietary data. Sanders fired back immediately that the error has been a recurring one, and his campaign had attempted to make it known to the DNC that this was happening before, with no success in getting it resolved.DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that the extreme move in cutting off access to the Sanders Campaign of even their own data was the only way to protect the other data on the servers. Wasserman Schultz also said that the Sanders campaign  not only viewed it but exported and downloaded it. Fast forward a few months and an independent investigation later, and it turns out that the DNC gave us the wrong story.After the independent investigation concluded, it was confirmed that the DNC had made assertions about what happened which were not supported by evidence and that the serious level of tampering everyone was led to believe happened did not occur.According to the Sanders campaign statement, the breach did not extend beyond 3 staffers and their manager. They had access for approximately one hour to Clinton campaign scoring models but not to any of the Clinton campaign s proprietary voter data, which was at the heart of initial reports.The Sanders campaign then released a statement saying the original claims by the DNC were  wholly inaccurate  and that the campaign never stole any voter data.The settlement of this lawsuit is a positive thing. However, the problems that led up to it have not been resolved.Over the past several months, more and more scrutiny and criticism have been being visited upon the DNC s leadership, as well as Chairwoman Wasserman Schultz. The data breach issue was an ongoing problem that wasn t resolved in a timely manner, the circumstances were misreported by the DNC and the action they took regarding the security loophole were called by many an overreach.Add on top of this the moves by DNC leadership to open the floodgates for corporate money within the party, as well as the DNC chairwoman s joining with Republicans to attack Elizabeth Warren s Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and there are many calling for the DNC to find new leadership.It remains to be seen if Wasserman Schultz will keep her seat as a Congresswoman in, due to an unexpected primary challenge she is now facing. However, regardless of if she wins or loses, the DNC s own leadership does need to hold itself to a higher standard of accountability   especially regarding its leadership   for the good of both party unity and taking back Congress this fall.Featured image via wikicommons",0
6628," Racist Trump Fan Arrested By FBI For Threat On Obama’s Life, Had Bombs","A racist Donald Trump fan has been arrested by the FBI after he made threats to kill President Obama. The authorities also found that he had a cache of pipe bombs on his property when they raided his home in Oregon.John Martin Roos, a 61-year-old from Oregon, has been charged with communication of a threat in interstate commerce, and additional charges are likely forthcoming. Roos first came onto the federal government s radar after a  concerned citizen  brought Roos  Facebook and Twitter postings to the FBI s attention in February, according to an affidavit from Special Agent Jeffrey Gray.Roos also had a series of Facebook and Twitter posts with racist rants targeting the President. Obama you goat fffing fudgepacker, the refugees are men of fighting age. Black lives matter! Sure we need someone to pick cotton and wash cars. Paris, burn diseased muslim neighborhoods to the ground and start over with human beings. Obama you are on a hit list,  he wrote in a post that appears to have been removed.He is just the latest in a line of people, ranging from the truly dangerous to just out and out cranks, that have been apprehended since Obama s inauguration in 2009 for threats towards the first black president.His postings online definitely took cues from the targets of Donald Trump s ire. The Huffington Post reported that Roos used his online postings to attack  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, singer Beyonce, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly and reporter Michelle Fields.  Roos also had praise for those who have supported Trump or been praised by the reality TV star:He praised Ann Coulter and Stacey Dash, and posted several links to posts on Breitbart.com.Coulter has identified herself as a Trump supporter, while on Fox News, Dash has defended and promoted Trump.Breitbart.com has been the most pro-Trump of the conservative media outlets, and an insider has actually alleged that Trump has been paying the site for favorable coverage.Featured image via Facebook",0
6629," In RARE Case Of Factual Reporting, Fox Shows How Cruz Is Too Stupid To Run For President (VIDEO)","For a party so terribly interested in governing this country, Republicans sure do lack the basic knowledge about how governing actually works. One of the latest examples of this is Ted Cruz and his choice to pick a vice presidential running mate at this stage in the process. In an incredibly rare case of factual reporting, Fox News explained in detail exactly why Cruz completely screwed up by doing this in the video below.Cruz made a huge deal out of the fact he picked a VP. He had a press conference just to announce it. Signs were made, people were cheering and then it turned out to be   Carly Fiorina? Her low popularity makes her a strange choice, but when you re Ted Cruz it s very likely you can t get a lot of the more popular people to hang out with you.Unpopularity aside, Cruz s pick of a VP is actually pretty ignorant for another reason   and this has nothing to do with Carly the Wicked Stepmother. There s virtually no chance that Ted Cruz will get the nomination outright. He would come up about 100 delegates short, even if he won every single one of them from here on out. This means that if Trump doesn t win outright (which he still can), the only hope Cruz has is a contested convention.That s where things completely go wrong for Cruz. Convention rules clearly state that a nominee cannot pick their own VP in a contested convention. The VP pick is up to the delegates, and if one were to make an educated guess, Carly Fiorina would NOT make the cut.Carly Fiorina s popularity is non-existent. Her entire campaign only lasted for two states, and then she was out. Convention delegates are extremely unlikely to pick a VP who they feel would be damaging to the party s chances of winning in November. So, this begs the question, did Ted even bother to read up on the rules of how you run a campaign for the presidency? Imagine his embarrassment after all the hoopla surrounding his pick, only to have her booted at the RNC.Watch Fox News explain how Ted Cruz has no clue how running for president works:Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6630," When A Journalist Covers Trump, They Get Death Threats From White Supremacists Like This (TWEETS)","Journalist Julia Ioffe did a profile of Donald Trump s wife, Melania, for GQ magazine. The story was not an attack, but rather did what so much journalism does in an election year   fill in the picture of the contenders and their families.But unlike past years, candidate Donald Trump has cultivated an extremely anti-Semitic group of supporters, who have taken pages right out of the Nazi playbook in order to attack those they see as the enemy. Unluckily for Ioffe, her story got on their radar, and they aimed a torrent of abuse in her direction, with violent anti-Semitic rhetoric and threats.On Thursday, Ioffe answered a phone call from an anonymous caller who played a Hitler speech. She received another call from  Overnight Caskets . On Twitter, users posted photos of her face superimposed on a mug shot from Auschwitz. The Daily Stormer, a white supremacist site, attacked Ioffe in a blogpost titled:  Empress Melania Attacked by Filthy Russian Kike Julia Ioffe in GQ! It s unsettling,  she said on Thursday night.  I started the day off having a sense of humor about it but by the end of the day, after a few phone calls like this, with people playing Hitler speeches, and the imagery, and people telling me my face would look good on a lampshade, it s hard to laugh. Many of the messages Ioffe received on Twitter were of the same bigoted variety. Some showed the writer, with images of yellow stars saying  Jew  sown on to her chest, echoing the method in which concentration camp prisoners were labeled by the Nazi regime before their mass execution.From my inbox. Subject line: ""They know about you!"" pic.twitter.com/zp3v2GjTeI  Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) April 28, 2016.@GideonResnick @OKnox Oh, I thought this one reminding me to swallow my diamonds was from you! pic.twitter.com/Ri6tZsyHXx  Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) April 28, 2016While these attacks didn t come from Donald Trump officially, his campaign has not shied away from its affiliation with hate groups. Trump refused to disavow the support of a former KKK Grand Wizard during a CNN interview, and the candidate himself has reposted the tweets of anti-semites and racists dozens of times since becoming the frontrunner of the Republican Party.And of course, Trump himself has called Mexicans rapists, called for a ban on Muslim immigration and a national registry of Muslim residents, attacked Black Lives Matter, and encouraged his supporters to beat up protesters at his rallies.This, and worse, is what happens.Featured image via YouTube",0
6631, Watch Out NRA: President Obama Is Coming For You,"Where Congress isn t acting on gun reform, President Obama is doing whatever he can. He knows that the ever-present epidemic of gun violence in the United States isn t going to go away on its own, and it s not going to go away by adding more and more guns to the mix either. Common sense actions need to be taken, and that s exactly what the president is offering   NRA be damned.The president wrote Friday in a Facebook post: Today, I want to update you on some important progress we ve made to protect our communities from gun violence. As I said in January, these commonsense steps are not going to prevent every tragedy, but what if they prevented even one? We should be doing everything we can to save lives and spare families the pain and unimaginable loss too many Americans have endured.First, we ve jumpstarted the development of smart gun technology. Today, many gun injuries and deaths are the result of legal guns that were stolen, misused, or discharged accidentally. As long as we ve got the technology to prevent a criminal from stealing and using your smartphone, then we should be able to prevent the wrong person from pulling a trigger on a gun. So, my Administration released a plan today to expedite the development of smart gun technology, including by identifying the requirements that smart guns would have to meet in order for law enforcement to purchase and use them effectively   and keep themselves and the public safer in the process.Second, we re doing more to make sure that those who are already prohibited from obtaining a firearm can t get their hands on one. Today, we re announcing a rule to ensure that federal mental health records about individuals prohibited from buying a gun are reported to the background check system.Third, the White House will convene state and local elected officials from all 50 states in May to discuss their efforts to prevent gun violence through legislative and executive actions. The goal is to figure out what works on the ground when it comes to keeping our communities safe, and then share those practices.As long as I m your president, I will do everything in my power to make our communities safer and keep guns out of the wrong hands. That includes calling on Congress to pass the kinds of commonsense reforms supported by the vast majority of the American people.Making progress on these issues is how we honor the lives that have been lost by gun violence, and it s how we leave behind a stronger, more secure nation for our children. The initiative President Obama announced was just put on the White House blog in great detail, which can be found HERE.The president laid out his hope for smart guns back in January as well: Of course, though, the NRA is already fear-baiting their followers and getting people to be afraid of any changes that my take place..@POTUS' new #guncontrol push is ""alarming cops who say they don t want to be guinea pigs."" https://t.co/Auoo6o77wu #2A  NRA (@NRA) April 28, 2016And while the police have every right to be apprehensive, it s important to remember that something, anything, needs to be done to help push forth the effort for a safer United States. Promoting safer guns is an idea that should be embraced by all, and you d think any group, like the NRA, who says they re for  responsible gun ownership  would embrace an idea that made gun ownership more responsible.Within the same Politico article that the NRA tweeted out, it states: [Smart gun technology] wouldn t prevent most mass shootings, gun crimes or suicides   currently the biggest driver of gun deaths. However, they could cut down on the roughly 500 deaths each year from accidental shootings, especially by kids. Advocates also point to findings that most youth suicides are committed with a parents  weapon, and instances where officers  own guns are stolen in a scuffle and used to shoot them cause about 1 in 10 police deaths. It s important to note that this technology probably could have happened a long time ago had it not been for possible political backlash. The gun lobby currently owns several members of Congress, which is truly the biggest obstacle to getting common sense gun reform passed.What President Obama has put forth isn t an attack on guns, it s not an attack on gun owners, and it s not going to limit any rights of those who do and should be able to own guns. What it does is put forth measures to make guns safer, less accessible to those who shouldn t have them, and start a national conversation.The president is taking on the NRA and doesn t really care what they have to say, because all they care about is profit for their gun manufacturer buddies. Something needs to happen, and it needs to happen sooner rather than later.Featured Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
6632, It Finally Happened: KKK Grand Imperial Wizard Endorses Donald Trump,"All the months of speculation that the modern day KKK does indeed endorse Donald Trump can be confirmed as the terrorist organization s Rebel Brigade Knights Grand Imperial Wizard endorses the GOP frontrunner on live national television.When asked by reporter Chris Thomas who would be the best one for the job of President of the United States, the Wizard answered: I think Donald Trump would be best for the job. The reason a lot of Klan members like Donald Trump is because a lot of what he believes in, we believe in. We want our country to be safe. Under the guise of now being a  political  group, the word  safe  has now become synonymous with xenophobia, Islamophobia, racism and bigotry   all tenets, still, of the KKK, no matter how they want to word it.And they re pretty much endorsing Donald Trump.To make it even better, the Klan has (apparently) had success in recruiting since President Obama has been in office   and it has nothing to do with being black, so says the Grand Wizard.  It s merely a difference in politics. Totally.And if that wasn t strange (and stupid) enough, the Grand Wizard also admitted should Trump lose the nomination, they would back Kasich, not Cruz, for President. Why? Because Ted Cruz wasn t born on American soil. In their eyes, he s a foreigner who isn t fit to be president, even though they share a lot of the same views.Again, this is purely political and absolutely nothing to do with being a racist, xenophobic bigot.So now that there seems to be plurality of KKK members rushing to embrace Trump, is to fair to say he s the candidate for racist America?Let s see how long it takes him to disavow this endorsement. It took Clinton one day to disavow the phony Koch  endorsement.  If it s any indication, his rejection of David Duke took two weeks and much consideration.I wonder how much consideration this will take.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
6633, Elizabeth Warren Burns Trump For Attacking Hillary For Being A Woman,"If Trump thought he could attack Hillary Clinton for being a woman without being smacked down by Elizabeth Warren for it, he was wrong.Earlier this week, the Republican frontrunner capped off his sweeping victory in several states on Tuesday by accusing the Democratic frontrunner of  playing the woman card  and that her gender is the only thing she s got going for he in this election. If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don t think she d get five percent of the vote,  Trump declared.  The only thing she s got going is the women s card, and the beautiful thing is, women don t like her, okay, and look how well I did with women tonight. Here s a video of his remarks via YouTube.Despite his claim, a recent Gallop poll shows that 70 percent of women hold an unfavorable view of Trump compared to 28 percent who somehow hold a favorable view.Count Senator Elizabeth Warren as part of the 70 percent.During an interview with the Boston Globe on Thursday, the popular Senator from Massachusetts hammered Trump for doing  what weak men do. Donald Trump clearly feels threatened by Secretary Clinton s qualifications to be president so he s attacking Hillary Clinton for being a woman,  Warren said.  That s what weak men do. It is an old story, and I don t think the American voters will fall for it. We need someone in the White House who isn t afraid to fight for equal rights for women,  Warren continued.  That person is not Donald Trump. Warren went on to express disappointment that the Globe didn t ask her if she thinks Trump is a sexist and she provided an answer anyway and took a shot at Trump s hair in the process. That s like asking if he has bad hair. He wears the sexism out front for everyone to see. This is nothing compared to the shellacking she gave Ted Cruz, however. Earlier this month, Ted Crus begged for money in an email by complaining about the  sacrifices  he has made to run for president. Boo hoo,  Warren wrote on Facebook.  He whined about facing constant attacks, nonexistent family time, his limited health and sleep, and having no personal time. Are you kidding me? We re supposed to pity him because trying to be the leader of the free world is hard?! After listing the sacrifices the American people make every day, she suggested Cruz start doing his job to help them. Senator Cruz   you chose to run for President. Working people don t get a choice. Maybe you should spend less time complaining about your  significant sacrifices    and more time trying to do something about theirs. It s too bad Warren didn t run for president this year. It would have been amazing to watch her crush these two Republican men day after day throughout the campaign.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6634," Fox News ‘Terror Analyst’ Pleads Guilty To Major Fraud, Faces 40 Years In Prison","Fox News has long since stood by a slogan that says  We Report, You Decide  and it seems they should tag on  if what we are telling you is actually real or not.  Time and time again Fox News has been caught in lies, but using a  CIA Analyst  who was never actually an analyst may take the cake.Wayne Simmons, who has appeared unpaid on Fox News since 2002, is a fraud and now he s now facing up to 40 years in prison for pretending to be a CIA Analyst, a lie that got him actual work with the United States government. The Washington Post stated: According to federal prosecutors, his claims of a 27-year career with the CIA were lies, and it was only by repeating such falsehoods that Simmons was able to briefly get actual security clearances and real government contracting work in more recent years. Well, the lies caught up with him, and last October Simmons was arrested and charged  with making false statements, major fraud against the United States and wired fraud. If you want to check out some of Simmons  time as a  Terror Analyst  for Fox News, you can find it here:According to Dana Boente, the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia: His fraud cost the government money, could have put American lives at risk, and was an insult to the real men and women of the intelligence community who provide tireless service to this country. Now, Simmons has pleaded guilty to his charges. According to the Washington Post: Wayne Simmons, 62, pleaded guilty to major fraud against the United States, wire fraud and being a felon in possession of a firearm. He acknowledged that he made more than $78,000 from actual government contracting work he got in part because of his claim that he had worked for the CIA.Importantly, though, Simmons s written agreement with prosecutors does not include language in which he says outright that he lied about his clandestine past. He conceded only that the government  would prove at trial  that he never worked for the CIA. With Simmons saying: I believed then and I believe now that my skill sets could be used in Afghanistan to fight the global war on terror. Sure you did, buddy. You re a regular Captain America.Simmons  sentencing is currently set for July 15.I know it s asking a lot for Fox News to maybe do a background check on their supposed  analysts,  but for all our sakes, it would be nice. We should all  decide  Fox News is full of sh*t.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6635, This DA Just Called B.S. On Anti-Trans Republicans: ‘Most Predators Are Straight Men’ (VIDEO),"As the GOP s fight to control which bathrooms transgender people can and can t use continues, one of their main talking points has been how  dangerous  it is for trans individuals to be allowed to use the same restrooms as women and children.Despite how false that argument is (there have literally been NO instances where a transgender person has assaulted someone while using the restroom that matched their gender identity), this misleading stance actually sweeps an extremely important issue under the rug   who the majority of sex offenders really are.Chad Butler, the District Attorney of Nashville, Tennessee, has prosecuted hundreds of sex crimes and has found the recent anti-trans  bathroom laws  in states like North Carolina extremely frustrating. In speaking to WSMV Channel 4, Butler revealed that throughout the entire length of his long career, he has never prosecuted a case against a trans individual. Not one. So who are the real threats? Butler says that sexual predators are overwhelmingly  heterosexual men. As long as I ve been doing this job and the hundreds of cases I ve reviewed, I ve never once had a transgender person come across my desk as an offender. Butler believes that the ongoing arguments over transgender people s bathroom rights actually distract the public from real dangers. Specializing in crimes against children, Butler revealed that although these discriminatory anti-trans laws are supposedly meant to protect children, they don t. The real threat, he says, are the people the children come in contact with every day. Butler said: A majority of my cases are fathers, stepfathers, uncles, Boy Scout leaders, coaches, youth ministers, preachers. People that are already close to the family that the family trusts. Butler called the claim that trans people are a threat to children statistically unfounded and off base.  These accusations only encourage parents to be weary of the wrong people. It is actually very frustrating because it sort of takes the dialogue and the conversation away from where it should be. What Butler believes WILL actually keep children safe, is open discussions about consent and sexual abuse at an early age. Butler says that one of the most important things parents can do is educate their children, and believe them if they come forward because more times than not, children are molested by someone close to the family. A child is more likely to be sexually assaulted in their own bathroom than a public restroom by a stranger. You can watch Butler shut down the GOP s anti-trans rhetoric below:WSMV Channel 4  Featured image is a screenshot",0
6636, California Trump Rally Leads To Violence Between Thousands Of Protestors And Supporters (VIDEO),"One of the most tragic aspects of Donald Trump s candidacy (and there have been lots of  tragic aspects) is that he s managed to do something no one thought to be possible for a candidate running for president in 21st Century America: He s managed to not only normalize racism, but violence as well. There have been so many instances of violence that they ve become normalized. In other words, we ve come to expect violence, and even more alarmingly, we ve also come to accept the violence. However, it s important to fight this normalization and continue to report on the absurdity that is Donald Trump.That absurdity was on display outside a Trump rally in California on Thursday as supporters clashed with protestors. Many of the anti-Trump protestors held Mexican and American flags and were outraged at Trump s rhetoric. About 20 protesters out of hundreds were arrested outside of the rally, a Trump supporter was beaten, and property was damaged including a police vehicle.Watch video here:Since he declared his candidacy for the Republican nomination, Trump has made a series of inflammatory remarks about Mexicans, calling some of the immigrants rapists and murderers. He continuously talks about building a wall to prevent Mexican immigrants from coming into the country. His rhetoric has created a divisive atmosphere that has bred racism and violence.The bottom line is that Trump has created an environment that is tearing the country apart rather than working for unity. If his candidacy is any indication of what his presidency will be like, we are all in deep trouble as a society. He is normalizing the toxicity of violence and racism and should he be elected, America will become a very dangerous place for a lot of people.Featured image via video screenshot.   ",0
6637, Watch Allison Janney Take Over For Josh Earnest The Only Way She Knows How – As CJ Cregg (VIDEO),"After The West Wing wrapped up its final season in 2006, many of us were left with a gaping hole in our soul watching a part of our lives cease to exist any longer. The brilliance of the show between the writing, directing and acting is one that seldom happens, and can seldom be recreated.However, what it can be, is reprised. Which is what just happened as actress Allison Janney took to the White House press podium to reprise her role as Claudia Jean  CJ  Cregg. For six seasons Janney played the beloved role of Press Secretary for the President Bartlet administration, and then played the White House Chief of Staff.Janney came to the podium telling everyone that  Josh is out today,  and that the president is still preparing his jokes for the Correspondents  Dinner. That s when real-life Press Secretary Josh Earnest makes an appearance and seems surprised to see Janney there.Clearly, it was a set-up that was brilliantly pulled off, and was made so that Janney could get her broader message across which is the dangers of opioid abuse. She came to the White House alongside television heavyweight Chuck Lorre, creator of Janney s show  Mom,  to discuss opioid abuse and recovery.According to ABC News: The White House held an event today honoring 10  White House Champions of Change  who help fight the epidemic in their local communities. After Janney was done speaking, a reporter asked if he could ask her a question. She politely said  sure.  Then the reporter asked if she knew which Democrat President Bartlet is supporting for the election. To which Janney quickly quipped back,  I think you know the answer to that. After all, Janney s character CJ has been said to have been modeled after former Clinton Press Secretary Dee Dee Myers. So, one can only assume who she was talking about in her answer to the reporter s question.All in all, it was great to see CJ Cregg back in action!Watch here:.@AllisonBJanneyAKA CJ CreggAKA Bonnie on @MomCBSdrops by the White House press briefing. https://t.co/TK4NJ7TEyM  The White House (@WhiteHouse) April 29, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6638, Millennial And Latino Disgust With Republicans Reaches All Time Highs (POLL),"Say what you want about the GOP but they really don t like half-measures. In the span of just 4 years, they managed to not just alienate themselves from much of their base, they also managed to piss off the two fastest growing voter demographics in the country: Millennials and Latinos.According to polling done by the Pew Research Center, 30 percent of Latinos view Republicans favorably which is surprisingly high considering just how ugly Donald Trump has been. But it s a little less surprising that the unfavorable percentage is at 61. By comparison, the black community has a favorable/unfavorable opinion of 15 percent for and 78 percent against.Just to be clear, the black community has been crucial in several states to electing Democrats. If, or more likely, when, the Latino vote reaches the same levels in terms of turnout and anti-Republican sentiment as the black community, states like Texas and Arizona will turn blue and stay that way. On the other hand, Latinos view the Democratic Party 56 percent for and 36 percent against. Expect those numbers to rise as more Latinos take office with a  D  next to their name.The picture is just as grim for Republicans among Millennials. A whole whopping 35 percent have a favorable view of the GOP and 58 percent of them will pass, thank you very much. The Millennials, in case you didn t notice, recently passed the Baby Boomers in size as the Boomers die off from old age. Sure, they don t vote as often as the Boomers, but they will and soon. That makes them the about-to-be most powerful bloc of voters and they re no fan of Republicans.You might have been thinking that Millennials obviously hate the Democrats just as much. Buuuuuuut .you would be wrong. In fact, of all the generations, Millennials are the only ones the Democrats are above water with: 52 percent favorable versus 41 percent unfavorable. And since over the next 10-20 years, Millennials are going to be taking over the party that DOESN T spew nonstop racism, sexism and anti-gay bigotry, how do you suppose elections are going to go? To the left or to the right?Dear Republicans: Game OverThe only way for the GOP to survive is to attract, Millennials, Latinos and the black community. But the only way to do that is to reject the culture war nonsense that pushed all those groups away in the first place. On top of that, they would also have to reject the constant attacks on the poor and sucking up to the rich. That would drive away both parts of Republican base: The rich and the the terminally stupid. In other words, either Republicans reject everything that the Republican Party has stood for for the last 60 years, or (not so) slowly wither away.What a lovely time to be a liberal.Oh, and just as an afterthought, in case you thought old white people would come to the rescue, they hate Republicans even MORE than Millennials. Sorry!Man, that s GOTTA sting!Featured image via Monika Graff/Getty Images",0
6639, Lawrence O’Donnell Goes Off On MSNBC For (Once Again) Cutting His Show For A Trump Rally Live Feed,"Iconic liberal news anchor Lawrence O Donnell is clearly not happy   and he has every right to be.Yet again, his  Lean Forward  bosses at MSNBC opted to cut his show so that they could run a live feed of a Donald Trump stump speech. It wasn t  news.  It wasn t even  new.  It was just Donald Trump, up at the podium, saying the kind of disgusting things he always says. MSNBC gave over their network for that. MSNBC silenced one of their star anchors for that.Needless to say, viewers were furious. So too was O Donnell.Because the anchor is in many ways the face of his or her program, many of MSNBC s disgruntled fans took out their frustrating on O Donnell. On Twitter, his account was innundated with negative responses. Many couldn t believe they were watching MSNBC hand over free advertising to Trump. Many just wanted to know why O Donnell wasn t on like they had hoped.Rather than toe the network line and give a weak defense of why Trump just had to be given the air time, O Donnell threw the script away and began sympathizing with his fans. MSNBC screwed up. They have repeatedly screwed up during this election. They need to own this..@Patta47cake @cp2austin I tried to make it clear that wasn t my decision.  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) April 29, 2016 .@Kcurran222 I don t like it.  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) April 29, 2016.@JoeLeydon @Patta47cake @cp2austin I understand. Completely.  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) April 29, 2016In an act of defiance (or maybe a hope that maybe his bosses might see reason), O Donnell also began tweeting media critics who have repeatedly slammed networks for their unabashed love affair with Trump( s ratings).Media: We're not enabling Donald BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump giving same stump speech he's been giving for months pic.twitter.com/nlgGcJag1Y  Angelo Carusone (@GoAngelo) April 29, 2016This truly may be unprecedented in the TV era: One candidate, and one candidate only, given massive free air time by media giants.  Joe Adalian (@TVMoJoe) April 29, 2016Like other anchors, O Donnell is rightfully fed up with allowing the tail to wag the dog. Rather than report the news, MSNBC has settled on chasing Trump from campaign event to campaign event in the hopes that viewers will tune in. It s given the Republican candidate unprecedented amounts of free air time. He doesn t even have to spend money on advertising because huge networks give it away for free.And instead of trying to rein in the absurd status quo, MSNBC has shown signs that it will only get worse. Already the network tossed one of their fiercest liberal hosts, Melissa Harris-Perry, because they needed more time for Trump live feeds. They ve recently begun hinting that they will be expanding their conservative morning show, Morning Joe, in an effort to entice both Trump and his fans to check out the network. Host Joe Scarborough is a well known Trump fan making the relationship between the Republican candidate and the network even more inexcusable.Did the media  create  Donald Trump? The answer is complicated. Certainly, Trump s racist and sexist fans were already around, just waiting for a candidate to say all the right things to them. But there can be no question that the media has enabled Trump. Every phone interview. Every campaign rally. Every panel discussion about Trump s  viability  makes Trump s star rise. There is no such thing as bad publicity, and nobody gets publicity   good and bad   like Trump.Kudos to O Donnell for taking a stand against this betrayal of integrity.Featured image via screengrab",0
6640, Donald Trump Biography Reveals He Had ‘Difficulty Achieving and Maintaining an Erection’,"A little-noticed detail in the 1993 biography Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump has just resurfaced and come back to haunt him   big time.No one gave it much thought when Trump s then-wife, Ivana Trump, revealed to her friends that despite being amazing at erecting skyscrapers, the business mogul struggled in the bedroom department. Thanks to an initiative by Politico to bring five of Trump s biographers together to discuss the Republican party s frontrunner, this little detail came back to life. Politico reported what the different biographers have revealed, with Ivana s comments coming from Harry Hurt III: Want to know where Trump inherited his entrepreneurial bent? Gwenda Blair traces it to his grandfather, who ran a series of restaurants in the Klondike that featured some of the best food in town, as well as private areas where  sporting ladies  could  entertain  miners. Who was really doing the deals that made Trump famous? Wayne Barrett will tell you the only signature that really mattered on a contract belonged to Trump s father, Fred. What broke up Trump s first marriage? Harry Hurt III writes that Ivana  confided to female friends that Donald had difficulty achieving and maintaining an erection. That personal detail managed to fly under the radar and actually make it into the published book because it was overshadowed by Ivana s claim that Trump attacked and raped her during their marriage. Hurt was the first reporter to break that news, and the only reason that his publisher was able to avoid a lawsuit was because Trump was too dumb for his own good. Hurt said: Prior to the publication of my book, he and his lawyer, Jay Goldberg, came to scream at the folks at Norton, mainly about Ivana s divorce deposition  And finally Donald got so frustrated, he jumped up and he pulls a tape recorder out of his coat pocket. He said,  I ve been recording all this,  and our little lawyer looked at him, and Goldberg just turned like this napkin, white.  You ve been recording this and you didn t tell us? That s not right.  And I m going,  Yeah. They walked out and I said,  He can t sue us now. He s not going to sue us because they just shot themselves in the foot. Now of course, making fun of someone s issues in the bedroom is no laughing matter, but the fact that it s Trump   a man who forced millions of people to watch him talk about how big his d*ck was during a GOP debate   is slightly humorous. It merely validates what we ve all known   Trump s brash, vulgar behavior is just a cover-up for some deep-seated insecurity.Featured image via Ralph Freso / Getty Images",0
6641, Colbert Roasts Fiorina’s Creepy Singing: ‘It’s Like Disney Gave The Wicked Stepmother Her Own Song’ (VIDEO),"In case you haven t heard yet, creepy GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz has somehow decided that math doesn t matter and that he will win the Republican Party s nomination for president anyway. To that end, he has picked an equally creepy running mate in failed candidate Carly Fiorina. It seems that Fiorina wanted to make sure that she was just as creepy as Cruz, so during her speech when her status as running mate was announced, she chose to, for some bizarre reason, start singing to the crowd.It was seriously the worst thing ever for those listening, and the best thing ever for late night comedians. Late Show host Stephen Colbert wasted absolutely no time in ripping Fiorina for that ridiculous display. First, Colbert roasted Cruz himself for thinking he actually needed a running mate, since it s clear he won t be winning. The host began: That is bold. After Tuesday s huge wins by Clinton and Trump, Bernie Sanders saw the writing on the wall and laid off hundreds of staffers. Meanwhile, Ted Cruz saw the writing and covered it up with a  hang in there, baby  poster. He then pivoted to Fiorina, who he said was clearly honored to accept this important job that will never exist.  After that, things got really good. Colbert ran tape of Fiorina s creepy singing about Ted Cruz s daughters. The whole thing was just downright weird. Colbert said of Fiorina s bizarre and creepy attempt at spontaneous singing: It s like Disney gave the wicked stepmother her own song. Colbert is right, of course. Carly Fiorina doesn t need to be singing to anyone, much less two little girls who are probably just as creeped out by her as America is by their own father. But hey, at least it s good for a joke or two. Hopefully both Ted Cruz and Carly Fiorina disappear into the dustins of history where they belong when this primary is finally over.Watch Colbert s brilliance below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6642, Republicans Flip Out Over Law That Would Require Women To Register For The Draft,"Far too many people don t understand the awesome simplicity of the Republican war on women. They try to analyze the underlying causes; blame some on religion, some on chauvinism. Overthinking is a strictly Democratic problem. To the good ol  white boys club of the GOP, women are just inferior creatures in need of nurturing: weak and restrained; helpless at best. Yeah, sadly it really is just that simple to figure out why their war exists. They have no respect for their mothers. Ouch   OK, that was harsh. Republicans, in general, find women to be beneath them. Republican women depend on their men because their fathers told them to, just like their mothers told them to just pull the Republican lever and vote the straight ticket.Naturally when the time came to review the guidelines for selective service, Republicans went bonkers. It seems women have always been exempted from the draft because they weren t allowed to be in combat roles and the draft is for extreme-case national emergencies where combat would be likely. Things have changed. Women are now allowed in not some but ALL combat roles if they can pass the training the same as a man. Two women made national headlines as the first members of the Army Rangers earlier this year, they probably would have gladly signed up at 18 for the draft we haven t used since we stopped sending kids off to be slaughtered in Vietnam in 1973.Republicans still can t reconcile. Rep Duncan Hunter (R-CA) told The Hill: The draft is there to get more people to rip the enemy s throats out. I don t want to see my daughters put in a place where they have to get drafted. You mean you wouldn t want to see your daughters treated as equals among their peers. You wouldn t want to witness how incredibly strong any human being can be when put into extraordinary circumstances. You want them at home, right next to your sons, watching the horrors of war turned into a game show on Fox News. It s difficult as a father to imagine your daughters trotting off to war. It s just as difficult to imagine my son going. Hunter was right. The draft is there for extreme situations to get more people to rip the enemy s throat out. Do we just keep searching through the men and eliminate half the population s prospective ability to do just that? I don t know if these old men have been paying attention, but women aren t the delicate flowers they once were in the stone age when they were kids.The amendment passed the Armed Services Committee and moves forward to the house floor where a bunch more men will debate how awful it would be for their daughters to fight for their country and their freedom while they happily send the sons of the poor and working class and anyone who commits a misdemeanor who has a penis. There are a ton of exemptions available for people to be excluded from the draft, and certainly motherhood would be one. Don t worry, Republicans, there won t be moms pushing strollers across battlefields just yet.Featured image from Daniel Bendji/Getty Images",0
6643," Donald Trump Promotes Shooting Muslims With Bullets Dipped In Pig’s Blood, Gets An Ovation (VIDEO)","During a rally in California, GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump praised a bogus historical incident where Muslims were shot by bullets dipped in pig s blood   to rapturous applause.It appears that neither Donald Trump, nor the crowd in Costa Mesa, are aware that there is no evidence this historical incident actually happened. Given the campaign s focus on rhetoric over fact to date, t s unlikely anyone would care either. But for the record, Trump was praising the vile actions of U.S. General John Joseph Pershing. The story goes that the General cracked down on Islamic terrorism in the early 20th century with a single act of terror of his own. As Trump delights in telling the crowd, reciting it as if historical fact, the General dipped bullets in pigs blood, then shot 49 Muslims   letting the 50th off to act as a cautionary tale.Trump s point? That only the most brutal measures will make America safe from Islamic terrorism   that any and all means of persecution and punishment are justified. Even, apparently, mass murder. And the crowd went wild, erupting into applause   some breaking out into a standing ovation.It s not even the first time Trump has wheeled out the story either. Despite the fact that this complete and morbid fantasy was taken to pieces when just two months ago when he last road-tested it. Trump came back for more last night in California.What makes the matter all the more galling, is this is pure fairytale. As Mediaite s Josh Feldman has written previously:There has been a persistent rumor for years that United States General John Pershing cracked down on Islamic terrorism in the early 1900s by dipping bullets in pig s blood and shooting Muslim prisoners with them. This is a hoax. It has never been proven.In addition, the popular fact-checking site Politifact undertook their own investigation in the tale, and they ended up rating it as  Pants on Fire. This means they could find literally no truth whatsoever in the claims.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWcinTg9K98Ladies and Gentlemen, we present to you the potential future President of the United States.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6644," The Daily Show Turned Trump’s Own Words Into A Hip Hop Song, And It’s Glorious (VIDEO)","The Daily Show may finally have found a format in which the boastful, bragadocious word soup of Donald Trump actually makes sense: a hip hop video.One of the show s finest correspondents, Roy Wood Jr., plays Black Trump, in a video which takes Trump s own actual words, and forms them into a song called They Love Me. To give you you an example of some of the lyrics, pulled straight from Trump speeches and tweets, here are some sample lyrics:I was down there at 7/11 Spent almost nothing on my run for president All the women flirted with me on The Apprentice If Ivanka weren t my daughter, then perhaps I d be dating herAll backed up by a solid hip hop beat and plenty of bling and crotch shots.Can you believe Ted Cruz who been killing our country? Lyin  Ted Cruz used a picture of Melania Careful Lyin  Ted, I ll spill the beans on your woman I be watching Modern Family, written by a moron I never liked Bette Midler s persona (Told ya!) I have black guys counting my money The one who can beat Hillary, I m not a Mitt Romney Remember I m the only candidate who s self-funding (Told ya!)It s hard to ignore that Donald Trump really does makes a lot more sense as a Frat Bro hip hop wannabe, than as a presidential candidate. As Roy Wood Jr., tells Daily Show host Trevor Noah: Everything Trump says is straight out of a rapper s play book. He brags about his money, he s disrespectful to women, and there s always fights at his concerts. In case anyone was wondering if the words actually come from Trump, Genius.com has painstakingly sourced every last one of Wood s lyrics, which you can play interactively here. You can enjoy the full video below:Featured Image via Screengrab ",0
6645, Republican West Virginia Lawmaker Wants You To Know His ‘N*****’ Tweet Wasn’t Racist (VIDEO),"Whenever Republicans dredge up a certain specious  quote  from former President Lyndon Johnson about  n*ggers,  I am reminded of my grandmother.My grandmother didn t like black people much at all. Living next door to her and conversing regularly, I heard more slurs than one would typically hear at a Tea Party convention devoted to discourse on race relations. In fact, when a Republican says that  blacks are the real racists  or tells us what he or she thinks about  negroes,  it reminds me of my childhood   and not in a good way.Apart from that, she was a sweet, kind woman who genuinely cared about others   enough so that her personal prejudices rarely (if ever) impacted her interactions with others. My mother, though her demeanor has changed over time, was also not too fond of African-Americans when I was younger. When I was 15 or 16, I was dating an African-American girl. She was intelligent, caring, and probably one of the better people I have had the pleasure to know. However, her skin was darker, so my mother disapproved heavily.After meeting the girl, we ll call her Samantha, once, my mom knew what she had to do to protect her son from the risk of race-mixing (which, at the time, she was against,  for the good of the child ). I was not permitted to leave the vicinity of my house because I might visit her. I was not allowed to go out with friends because she might meet me wherever I wanted to go at any given time. I was a prisoner.Despite my grandmother s pretty open racism, she had a huge problem with my mother s actions. While she personally had a low opinion of people because of their skin color, she also recognized one great truth: It doesn t matter how she or anyone else feels, because everyone deserves to be treated equally. After learning of my mother s decision to effectively imprison me around my home because disagreed with the skin color rather than the character of the person I was dating, my grandmother pulled me aside and said something that was equally heartwarming and offensive to me: I want you to know that no matter what your mother says, there is nothing wrong with you dating that n*gger girl. She s nice and sweet. You tell me any time you want to see her and I ll make it happen because it ain t right that your mom won t let you be with who you want. And so it went for months. Any time my parents left the house, my grandmother would take me to pick Samantha, and she would go over an  escape plan  if they returned home prematurely. Despite her prejudices, she was always kind to Samantha. In fact, those interactions changed her opinions somewhat. She stopped being a  n*gger.  She became a person in my grandmother s eyes. She became human. Actually getting to know someone can have that impact. At first, she was  one of the good ones,  but eventually race stopped being a factor altogether as my grandmother learned that people are just people, regardless of skin color.People could offer a number of defenses for how she felt the majority of her life:  she was a product of her time  or  she didn t know any better.  I won t do that. At any point in our nation s history, there has been someone strong enough to fight for what is right, to take a stand against such horrific classifications of people. My grandmother was not one of them, but despite this she was also outspoken about equal rights (though a slur was usually included in the discussion). She genuinely believed that her own prejudices (which she admitted even early on  might be wrong ) should have no bearing on how society as a whole treats people   just like Lyndon Johnson.At first glance, Johnson would fit right in at a Trump rally. In April 2014, MSNBC s Adam Serwer noted that the former President was  practically a connoisseur  of the n-word. There is absolutely no question that Johnson was a massive racist, but he was also a huge proponent of the Civil Rights Act, which he lovingly called the  n*gger bill.  Serwer writes:Then in 1957, Johnson would help get the  nigger bill  passed, known to most as the Civil Rights Act of 1957. With the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act, the segregationists would go to their graves knowing the cause they d given their lives to had been betrayed, Frank Underwood style, by a man they believed to be one of their own. When Caro asked segregationist Georgia Democrat Herman Talmadge how he felt when Johnson, signing the Civil Rights Act, said we shall overcome,  Talmadge said  sick. The Civil Rights Act made it possible for Johnson to smash Jim Crow. The Voting Rights Act made the U.S. government accountable to its black citizens and a true democracy for the first time. Johnson lifted racist immigration restrictions designed to preserve a white majority   and by extension white supremacy. He forced FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, then more concerned with  communists  and civil rights activists, to turn his attention to crushing the Ku Klux Klan. Though the Fair Housing Act never fulfilled its promise to end residential segregation, it was another part of a massive effort to live up to the ideals America s founders only halfheartedly believed in   a record surpassed only by Abraham Lincoln.Ihle is under fire for jumping on the opportunity to use the word  n*gger  in a context he assumed was safe.The remark was in response to a thread about food stamps   the sort of  free stuff  the right often claims Democrats use to get black votes. The implication, of course, is that black people only want  free stuff.  While Ihle used the quote in furtherance of racist bullsh*t, something we can expect from pretty much any Republican at any time, he defends his uncensored use of the n-word, claiming the tweet is being is taken out of context (you know, just like he used the quote without providing context). That kind of racism needs to be rooted out of society and shining a light on it is an effective way to do so,  Ihle told WCHS. He says that he was simply stating a  historical truth  and that he will not be taking the tweet down. He did not address the fact that there is little evidence that Johnson even said the words he quoted.While Ihle doesn t see a problem with his  n*gger  tweet, pretty much everyone else does:    Johnson was a racist, but he was a racist (just like my grandmother) who believed society s attitudes, including his own, needed to change. Johnson recognized that he irrationally hated the very same people whose rights he fought for.  It is not just Negroes but all of us, who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry,  he said of the plight of African-Americans. Undoubtedly, he included himself in that assessment.The first step toward change is self-awareness. Johnson knew enough to know he was a racist   something of which Ihle seems incapable.Watch him defend his remarks below:Featured image via screen grab",0
6646, Trump Gave A Green Light To Sexist ‘Lewinsky’ Attack On Clinton And It Backfired,"Donald Trump accused Hillary Clinton of playing  the woman card,  minimizing the employment record of the former Watergate lawyer, First Lady, Senator and Secretary of State. But it also seems to have been a way of signaling his fellow Republicans to unleash sexist attacks against the likely Democratic nominee.Cue the official with the Florida Republican Party, a key swing state with a ton of electoral college votes.Bob Sutton, chairman of the Broward County GOP Executive Committee, suggested Clinton would be easy to debate in the general election. I think when Donald Trump debates Hillary Clinton she s going to go down like Monica Lewinsky,  Sutton told the Post.Kristin Matheny, secretary of the Broward County Republican Party in Sutton s county, told the Sun Sentinel newspaper that Sutton should apologize.Clinton has already turned the sexist attack from Trump into an advantage for her campaign. On Thursday, the Clinton campaign solicited donations and in exchange said it would send supporters a  woman card  to show off.The candidate herself, in her victory speech after winning four out of five primaries on Tuesday night, told Trump that if the  woman card  meant standing up for equal rights, pay, etc.,  deal me in. Trump goes into the general election already facing huge deficits in support in nearly every slice of the demographic pie, but none worse than among women.The reality TV star turned Republican frontrunner claims that he can make up the gap by election day, but before Democrats have even run any negative ads, his history of sexist and misogynist comments has already frightened members of the Republican establishment.The Republican Party has lost the women s vote in every election since 1988, losing the key demographic even in years it which it won the overall race, like in 2004.President Obama has excelled with women voters, earning 13% more of the vote in 2008, and 11% more in 2012. Especially with a female candidate on the top of the Democratic ticket, Republicans are playing with fire by attacking Clinton in this way.Featured image via Flickr",0
6647, White House Defends Boehner’s ‘Lucifer’ Comment About Cruz: ‘He Was Just Looking To Be Honest’ (VIDEO),"Ever since former House Speaker John Boehner aired out his true feelings about Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, everyone has been having a field day and running with it.It all started on Wednesday, when John Boehner was asked about the 2016 election during a forum at Stanford University. It just so happened that Cruz s name came up in the discussion, and Boehner couldn t hold back his disgust for his fellow conservative. Referring to Cruz as  Lucifer in the flesh,  Boehner mocked the Texas senator: I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life. This is a thought that many Republicans would actually agree with, as it s been well-documented that Cruz is one of the least-liked politicians   with several of those opinions coming from within the GOP. This fact only gets proven time and time again.On Thursday, the White House hilariously failed to come to Cruz s defense during a daily briefing, clearly amused by the Republicans  in-party fighting. The room broke out in giggles when CNN s Michelle Kosinski asked Press Secretary John Earnest if he felt Obama would agree with Boehner s  Lucifer  comment, and whether those remarks were appropriate or not.Earnest, trying to hold back laughter, suggested that Boehner was just trying to be as truthful as possible. Earnest was barely able to keep a straight face as he replied: Obviously, Speaker Boehner was speaking based on his own experience. I don t know that he was looking to be helpful or harmful, I think he was just looking to be honest about his own view. Weighing in on whether Boehner s comments had crossed a line, Earnest simply said that if Kosinski was looking for somebody to come to the defense of one Republican who s being attacked by another, you should probably ask somebody else. You can watch the hilarious moment below:Featured image via Adam Berry / Getty Images",0
6648, INSANE: Southern City Passes Law To Jail Transgender People For Using The Bathroom,"Conservatives in an Alabama town have decided to give in to right-wing hysteria about transgender people using public bathrooms, and gone even further than other discriminatory laws. The city of Oxford s city council passed a law that would allow police to imprison transgender people who don t use the right bathroom, in their eyes.The law would allow Oxford police to put those who violate the ordinance in jail for up to six months.City attorney Ron Allen told CNN the law was passed because some residents panicked after retailer Target announced that it would be open minded and allow transgender employees and customers to use the restroom for the gender they identify with.As if the law itself isn t absurd enough, here is the procedure required for police to arrest someone under it:Oxford Police Chief Bill Partridge did not return a CNN call for comment. But he told CNN affiliate WBRC the law would be enforced just like any other for a misdemeanor: A person would have to call police to complain, and when police arrive the officer would have to witness the crime.After that, Partridge said, the person who called in the complaint would have to sign a warrant.So-called  bathroom bills  have come along as Republicans need more boogeymen in order to convince religious right conservatives to vote for them as LGBT rights have become more and more mainstream in America, particularly after the Supreme Court made same sex marriage legal in the entire country.The laws rely on the belief that allowing transgender people the right to use the bathroom that  predators  would take advantage of the legal system. In reality, data shows that the claim that this would be used to assist predators to be completely false, and in fact the linkage being promoted by the right is just more bigotry and fearmongering.Conservative lawmakers in the south have begun feeling a major backlash, as businesses, entertainers, and other institutions have begun to pull out of doing commerce in states like North Carolina. Corporate America has discovered that associating with the modern descendant of Jim Crow laws is a bad brand image, and not something they want to be a part of.As a result, conservative Republicans in the south have seen their natural allies   big business   publicly condemn them and hurt the perception of anti-transgender rights states as business friendly.The market is deciding.Featured image via Flickr",0
6649, Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz’s Chances Of Winning Are As Real As Those Planned Parenthood Videos,"It s now official. Carly Fiorina needs help. I m talking real, pharmaceutical-grade, billed at $400 an hour professional help, because she s seeing things that are not there again. This is just like that time she screamed like a banshee that she totally really did see live fetuses getting cut to bits in those Planned Parenthood videos, which were so obviously fake that not even other Republicans talk about them anymore.Megyn Kelly invited Fiorina onto her show to ask her just why in God s name she agreed to be, of all people, Ted Cruz s vice presidential candidate. He s the only person that Republicans genuinely hate more than Trump, yet she thought this was a good idea. So, what s the deal?Kelly asked Fiorina why she chose Cruz when he has no chance at securing the nomination by a majority of delegates. Fiorina immediately insisted that her math (this is the imaginary stuff now) says that Ted Cruz can win. She even blamed the media for this by saying they just wish it would be over and he [Trump] would be the GOP nominee. Here s some non-Carly math. Cruz has 562 delegates. He needs 1,237 to win. There are 578 still available. Even if he won 100 percent of all remaining ones he comes up nearly 100 delegates short. It s mathematically impossible for Ted Cruz to  win  and avoid a contested primary, yet she still said she believes Ted will win the nomination based on numbers only she can see.Carly Fiorina actually said that the majority of Republicans do not want Trump to win, to which Megyn Kelly just stared with a look of pity and bewilderment. Trump has beaten Cruz by up to 40 percent in the popular vote in some states recently. Apparently that isn t a majority anymore.Kelly then went on to point out that even though Trump isn t exactly the favorite of the party, there is no alternative. Cruz is still in it, but nobody is uniting behind him to stop Trump. Of course, Fiorina responded by telling Kelly she was wrong because there s a huge line of supporters flocking to Cruz   which again only she can see.Carly either sees things that do not actually exist, or she intentionally lies. I don t really know which is worse, but she thinks this qualifies her to be our next vice president.It s 2008 all over again. We have another mentally flawed person in the VP seat for Republicans   except this time, it s so bad she won t even get to the general election. Carly Fiorina should think long and hard about that. Sarah Palin made it closer to the vice presidency than she ever will. That has to sting.Watch Carly Fiorina prove how she can fail even in the most friendly of surroundings below:Featuerd image via video screen capture",0
6650, Hatred For The Republican Party Reaches 25 Year High,"It s now no surprise that Donald Trump, the most hated presidential candidate in the field, is the GOP s frontrunner. It seems being hated is all the Republican Party is good for these days.And there s even better news for Democrats!A new poll from the Pew Research Center shows that the GOP is overwhelmingly hated by the American public and has reached its highest level of disdain since 1992. According to the poll, 62 percent of Americans have an unfavorable impression of the GOP whereas only 33 percent view it favorably. American s positive perception of the GOP fell four points in the last six months.The poll also found a very interesting trend: most of the negativity towards the GOP came from self-identified Republicans, where only 68 had a favorable view of their own party   an 11 point drop from October.As Trump rises is in the polls, Republicans feelings about their party falls. What a coincidence.In contrast, 45 percent of Americans had a favorable view of the Democratic Party versus 50 percent who harbored negative views. Eighty-eight percent of Democrats had a favorable view of the party.Not surprisingly, Independent voters were more favorable to the Democratic Party   preferring them 37 to 28 percent   than the Republican Party. As Trump continuously tells the public he s winning with Independents, he certainly hasn t been very successful. Also not surprising was respondents who were black, female or young were also much more likely to give favorable impressions of the Democratic Party compared to the GOP.When broken down, the poll reminds us of what we already know:White people, in general, are almost identical in how they feel about both parties; 37 percent have a favorable view of both parties, while 59 percent have an unfavorable view of the Democrats and 58 percent for the Republicans.It looks like the two-party system has failed the oppressed whites yet again   how sad.Over 2,000 Americans responded to the poll, which was conducted between April 12 to 19 and it has a margin of error at 2.5 percent.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
6651," The WORLD Is Terrified Of Trump’s Foreign Policy Speech, Here’s What They Had To Say","One thing has been made abundantly clear: Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has no idea what he is talking about when it comes to foreign policy and diplomatic leadership. And whoever is in his ear and/or writing his speeches clearly doesn t either.After Trump made his  foreign policy  speech on Wednesday, not only did America react, but so did the rest of the world, with a number of foreign dignitaries speaking up and out against the real estate mogul s ineptitude.Germany s foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said: I can only hope that the election campaign in the USA does not lack the perception of reality The world s security architecture has changed and it is no longer based on two pillars alone. It cannot be conducted unilaterally. No American president can get round this change in the international security architecture .  America first  is actually no answer to that. Former Swedish prime minister Carl Bildt believes Trump s speech is  abandoning both democratic allies and democratic values.  Also adding,  Trump had not a word against Russian aggression in Ukraine, but plenty against past U.S. support for democracy in Egypt. Former South Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Sung-han seems outright terrified viewing Trump as  the first isolationist to be U.S. presidential candidate, while in the post-war era all the U.S. presidents have been to varying degrees internationalists.  Adding: Saying the U.S. will no longer engage in anything that is a burden in terms of its relationships with allies, it would be almost like abandoning those alliances. It will inevitably give rise to anti-American sentiment worldwide. Then there s the U.S. and Americas Programme at Britain s Chatham House think tank s Xenia Wickett, who said Trump s rhetoric, it  suggests Trump would make America s allies less secure rather than more. He talked about allies being confident but all of his rhetoric suggested that America should be unpredictable and that America s allies needed to stand up for themselves. This has been the sentiment internationally for quite some time now from every corner of the globe. A Trump presidency would be bad news for everyone, not just in the United States, but worldwide. He simply has no idea what he s doing. If he were to become president, the damage made from his incompetence and inexperience in regards to foreign policy and international diplomacy could be so severe it could damage ties for decades to come. We cannot allow this to happen.Trump talks a good game to his imbecilic group of followers because, quite honestly, they don t know any better, and sounding big, tough and filled with nationalistic isolationist pride sounds good to them. Mostly because most of them don t even know the world beyond their front porch.America is strong when is stands together with its allies. Isolating ourselves is not only dangerous, but stupid. Saying our military is going to be the strongest ever in the world isn t only dangerous, but stupid. Making false claims about our international allies isn t only dangerous, but stupid. And stupid is as stupid does and stupid votes Trump.We must make sure we do all we can to make sure Donald J. Trump doesn t get anywhere near the Oval Office   no matter who, vote blue. Not only for yourself and the nation, but the world.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6652, Bernie Sanders ‘Appears’ On Seinfeld And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders has taken America and the world by storm. The once relatively unknown senator from Vermont enjoys enormous grassroots support from people of all walks of life and backgrounds. He has struck a chord with millions, especially young American progressives who identify with Sanders  ideas of income equality, education, universal healthcare, and a foreign policy that is fair for oppressed groups like the Palestinians living under Israel s brutal occupation.Bernie s appeal to America and to the world is that he s honest and candid. Unlike most of the other candidates, he actually talks about the issues and in addition, he has sound and rational solutions to problems.His appealing straightforwardness and candor was all on display as he made an  appearance  on Seinfeld. In order to understand why the word  appearance  is in quotes, watch the video below.Watch video here:As you can see, in his talks with Jerry, Elaine, and Kramer, Bernie is as straightforward with his language as ever. There is no doubt that in the age of individuals like Donald Trump, who says so much but with very little substance, or Ted Cruz, who says frightening things and we would just prefer him to shut-up, America needs someone like Bernie Sanders who has the intelligence and the approach that America needs today.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6653," Bitter Cruz Claims He ‘Doesn’t Know’ John Boehner, Forgets Boehner Once Hired Him To Sue A Democrat","Sen. Ted Cruz is attempting to stop the bleeding after a brutal dress down by his former colleague John Boehner became headline news.Boehner, who resigned as Speaker of the House last year and thus has absolutely nothing left to lose, told a Standford University gathering that he disliked Trump but absolutely reviled Ted Cruz. How much does Boehner hate Ted?The deeply Catholic former politician accused Cruz of being  Lucifer in the flesh.  He explained that his hatred of Cruz transcends politics:  I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life.  John Boehner HATES Ted Cruz.This isn t exactly surprising. Most human beings seem to come to the same conclusion at one time or another. In fact, the more you get to know Ted Cruz the more likely you are to despise him. His old college roommate famously hates him.As a freshman, I would get into senior parties because I was Ted's roommate. OUT OF PITY. He was that widely loathed. It's his superpower.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) January 10, 2016People might think Craig is exaggerating. He's not. I met Ted freshman week and loathed him within the hour. https://t.co/2ZrbTdjHJh  Geoff (@gacohen) January 20, 2016His former law colleagues famously hate him.In interviews with nearly two dozen of Mr. Cruz s former colleagues on the court, many of the clerks working in the chambers of liberal justices, but also several from conservative chambers, depicted Mr. Cruz as  obsessed  with capital punishment. Some thought his recounting of the crimes    dime store novel  was how one described his style   seemed more appropriate for a prosecutor persuading a jury than for a law clerk addressing the country s nine foremost judges.His fellow politicians hate him. I don t know how he s going to deal with Congress,  Bob Dole recently remarked.  Nobody likes him. When it comes to the junior senator from Texas, ignorance is bliss.Cruz s response to Boehner s blistering assessment of him was as telling as it was weak. When asked about it, Cruz pretended to not know the guy. Truth of the matter is I don t know the man,  Cruz said, adding that he d be surprised if he s said more than 50 words to him.  I ve met the man two or three times. Cruz wants us to believe that he has never spoken to the guy he worked closely with to shut down the government in 2013. Yikes.But more damning still, Cruz actually knows Boehner very well. He was his lawyer.Back in the  90s, Boehner needed a young conservative lawyer to help him destroy the political career of a Democratic rival. Ted Cruz was just the guy for the job.Per The Washington Post:The year was 1998. Shania Twain and Savage Garden were all the rage. Boehner was House Republican Conference chairman. He had decided to sue Rep. Jim McDermott (D-Wash.) for allegedly violating wiretapping laws.At issue was a recorded phone conversation in 1996 involving Boehner and then-Speaker Newt Gingrich, among others. A Florida couple intercepted the call on a police scanner. The couple gave a recording of the call to McDermott, then the top Democrat on the Ethics Committee. (Gingrich was facing ethics sanctions.) McDermott shared it with the New York Times. And, well, Boehner wasn t happy.Cruz was hired, and even wound up publicly speaking in support of Boehner after   as was his plan all along   he used the publicity from the lawsuit to fundraise for his re-election campaign.It s hard to imagine that Cruz and Boehner didn t share more than a few late night gab sessions during that period. The relationship was certainly mutually beneficial. Boehner won his re-election and Cruz got to brag about taking down a Democrat and use that persona to sell his Tea Party agenda when he eventually got around to running for office.Lyin  Ted, indeed.Featured image via Win McNamee and Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6654, WATCH: Florida Landscaper SWEARS He Accidentally Mowed Over Trump Sign…Repeatedly (VIDEO),"We hear a lot of talk about making America great again coming from Donald Trump and his massively stupid acolytes   but what about our lawns? Can they be great again? That s what one brave landscaper in Florida apparently decided to find out when he saw a Trump sign in someone s yard. Unfortunately, curiosity can sometimes get the cat banned from working in a neighborhood. It all began with a panicked Facebook post from the sign s Trump-supporting owner: Look at what our landscapers did .. I understand people may not like Trump but I have my rights to put this sign in my yard and it was no accident see for yourself! The video shows a 19-year-old worker riding a mower at high speed directly into Josh Boesch s Donald Trump campaign sign   one of many in the Citrus Chase subdivision resident s yard. He then hops off his mower, appears to throw the sign back in front of the mower, and run it over again. Then, he backs up and appears to run it over again.For those who are concerned, the sign lived through the apparent assault, but Boesch is not happy. The resident told news station WKMG that after noticing his mangled sign, he watched six hours of video to figure out who did the thing in his yard.Boesch says his six-hour investigation into the incident reveals that his lawn had already been mowed, though he admits it could have been an accident   a sentiment echoed by Fred Heldrith, the owner of the landscaping company.Heldreth says his employee did not typically work in the neighborhood, and that he was simply inexperienced with that type of mower.  If he wanted to destroy the sign, he would have destroyed the sign,  he pointed out.  The sign is still there. Indeed, it is still there. But should it have been there in the first place? WKMG reports that Boesch s show of support for Trump was a violation of the Citrus Chase Homeowner s Association guidelines, which prohibit display of campaign signs more than 90 days before an election. Additionally, they report that residents typically remove their signs before landscapers arrive and put them back up later   a courtesy with which the Trump supporter could not be bothered. It s been there for like since January,  Boesch told the station as he explained why he did not do what his neighbors do to make things easier for landscapers,  and it s never been hit by the lawnscapers. They either always mow around it or they use their edger because a lot of them have respect. This, of course, is an ironic statement coming from someone who refuses to show workers the same respect his neighbors do, even forcing them to stop mowing to edge around the campaign signs that have been occupying the space in violation of HOA policies since January.Accident or not, the man responsible for Moweerghazi will not be back. In response to the incident, Citrus Chase assured Boesch: The guy has been removed from the crew, he will not be allowed in our development any more. What do you think? Was this an accident, or was the landscaper simply trying to make Boesch s lawn great again? In any case, the signs are still up and in workers  way. Boesch still refuses to show  respect  to people who simply want to do their jobs without unnecessary hassle.Watch a report on the incident below:Featured image via screengrab ",0
6655, Obama’s Response To 8-Year-Old Girl In Flint Should Give Us All Hope (VIDEO),"Yesterday, an eight-year-old girl from Flint, Michigan got a response from President Barack Obama that she ll never forget.Mari Copeny, also known around her town as  Little Miss Flint , had written to Obama about Flint s water crisis, which had been poisoned and contaminated with lead thanks to corruption and negligence by the state s Republican administration. In her message to the President, Copeny spoke up for many children growing up in Flint when she wrote: I am one of the children that is affected by this water, and I ve been doing my best to march in protest and to speak out for all the kids that live here in Flint. Copeny also mentioned that she would be in Washington, DC this week  to watch the congressional hearings of our Governor Rick Snyder and wanted to meet the President and First Lady Michelle Obama despite the fact that My mom said chances are you will be too busy with more important things. Copeny was hopeful, but she didn t expect a prompt response from the busy commander-in-chief. Little did she know, her request was about to be fulfilled in a major way. Obama wrote back, and his response was nothing short of the amazing warm-heartedness that we ve come to expect from our President: Thank you for writing to me. You re right that Presidents are often busy, but the truth is, in America, there is no more important title than citizen. And I am so proud of you for using your voice to speak out on behalf of the children of Flint.That s why I want you to be the first to know that I m coming to visit Flint on May 4th. I want to make sure people like you and your family are receiving the help you need and deserve.Letters from kids like you are what make me so optimistic for the future. I hope to meet you next week,  Little Miss Flint. The White House confirmed those plans in a statement that read, On Wednesday, May 4th, the President will travel to Flint, Michigan where he will hear first-hand from Flint residents like Mari about the public health crisis, receive an in-person briefing on the federal efforts in place to help respond to the needs of the people of Flint, and speak directly with members of the Flint community. Despite her young age, Copeny is a big activist in her community and frequently uses YouTube to raise awareness for the important issues the area is facing. To make sure that no one forgets that people in Flint are still depending on bottled water for their drinking, cooking and bathing needs, Copeny has created a video where she speaks about the hardships the community must endure. You can watch it below:Unfortunately, the polluted water in Flint will be life-altering and affect future generations to come. Not only will children have learning disabilities and behavioral issues, but the lead will be passed onto younger generations by women who are pregnant. Until every last lead pipe in Flint is replaced, this situation will not be resolved. We can only hope that the President s visit to Flint will push Congress to find a solution to this injustice.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images and screenshot",0
6656, Paul Ryan Wants To Make This Healthcare Nightmare A Reality Again (VIDEO),"On Wednesday, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan called for an end to protections found in the Affordable Care Act that prevent insurance companies from denying people coverage based on pre-existing conditions.Reuters reports that Ryan told students at Georgetown University that he is in favor of scrapping the protections found in the Affordable Care Act that prevent insurers from charging higher rates for sick people in favor of creating subsidized  risk pools  on a state level. Less than 10 percent of people under 65 are what we call people with pre-existing conditions, who are really kind of uninsurable,  Ryan said.  Let s fund risk pools at the state level to subsidize their coverage so that they can get affordable coverage,  he said.  You dramatically lower the price for everybody else. You make health insurance so much more affordable, so much more competitive and open up competition. Less than 10 percent of people under 65  is a deceptive way to describe approximately 26 million people. A report released in 2011 from the Department of Health and Human Services found that half of the U.S. population has some sort of preexisting condition. That study includes those who are aged 65-years or older. The term  preexisting condition  is broad and different studies can provide wildly different figures on the number of people who have a preexisting condition, depending on how the term is defined in the study.Support for the Affordable Healthcare Act as a whole has run mostly along partisan lines. Republicans strongly are in favor of scrapping President Obama s healthcare reforms altogether. However, out of all of the individual provisions found in the Affordable Care Act, protections for people with preexisting conditions have consistently received support from people in the U.S. across the political spectrum. A survey conducted in 2012, just before that year s presidential election, found that 82% of respondents supported provisions set in place to prevent insurance companies from denying people coverage based on preexisting conditions.That makes Ryan s choice to vocally oppose those protections a major political gamble. Ryan, along with the rest of the Republican Party has failed to offer any solid alternatives to the Affordable Care Act during their now nearly decade-long opposition to healthcare reform package. Republicans are stuck between a rock and a hard place when trying to define an alternative to the Affordable Care Act. With the exception of the individual mandate, polls show that people tend to support key aspects of the healthcare act than they do when asked if they support the act in its entirety.You can watch Ryan s speech in full below.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images)",0
6657," George Takei’s Powerful Message To Liberals: It’s Time To Unite, And Here’s Why (VIDEO)","Actor, activist and one of liberal America s strongest social media advocates George Takei has long supported the presidential primary campaign of Bernie Sanders. But this week, he has delivered a powerful message to his fellow Bernie supporters: it s time to admit the campaign is over, and unite behind Hillary Clinton.In a video released to his over 9 million Facebook followers, Takei made an impassioned plea to both Bernie and Hillary supporters, to treat each other with respect and civility. Ultimately, we Democrats know that a bit of a tussle isn t a bad thing   it makes us stronger. Keeps us sharp,  he said.  And really, it s like a family squabble, where only family   those very close to us   can truly get under our skin. But remember this, too: it s precisely because we like and respect each other that the words and criticisms sting as much as they do. The video message came in response to Hillary Clinton securing victory over Bernie Sanders on four of the five recent primary states. As Clinton moves ever nearer to victory, it seems the fight between supporters is reaching fever pitch   with fairly toxic commentary on both sides.It s okay for us to argue passionately for our beliefs; we don t hold them lightly. The differences between the Clinton and Sanders campaigns are not cosmetic; they go to the core of sincerely held and contrary views about how we share this nation   wealth inequality, national security, foreign policy, Israel. These are not marginal issues, and the candidates have very different proposals for the country.For some on either side, those views are so contrary that they would rather vote Republican, or not at all, than for the opposing candidate. While that feels extreme, it is understandable.But Takei advises that we consider what America will look like after election day if liberal acrimony secures a victory for the likes of Donald Trump or Ted Cruz. The common ground between Sanders and Clinton is something we should not simply take for granted as we argue over the other issues. The separation of church and state, women s reproductive rights, LGBT and civil rights   here is our common ground in 2016. Takei urges his fellow Sanders supporters to recall the words of their own candidate   that on her very worst day, Hillary Clinton is an infinitely better candidate and President than the Republican candidate on his best day. If Bernie believes that, his supporters can, too,  Takei adds.It s tough in a two party system. The churches on both sides of the aisle are broader than any single candidate can reconcile. The question is not  do we agree on everything?  but  do we agree on enough? George Takei and Bernie Sanders argue that we do.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6658, John Boehner Launches Blistering Attack On ‘Miserable Son of a B*tch’ Ted Cruz,"Former Republican speaker John Boehner has launched a blistering attack on GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz, in which he describes the Texas senator as satan incarnate, and a  miserable son of a b*tch. Boehner was asked about his views on Cruz and other presidential candidates during an event held at Stanford University this week. The Stanford Daily reported that Boehner replied: I have Democrat friends and Republican friends. I get along with almost everyone, but I have never worked with a more miserable son of a b*tch in my life. Adding that he considers Cruz to be: Lucifer in the flesh. This was in sharp contrast to his views on the other candidates. Boehner revealed that he is on friendly terms with frontrunner Donald Trump, stating that the two are actually  texting buddies.  One can only imagine the contents of those texts.And how does Boehner feel about outside challenger and fellow Ohioan John Kasich? Not much apparently. [Kasich] requires more effort on my behalf than all my other friends  but he s still my friend, and I love him. Boehner went on to state that in the event of a run off between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, he would throw his vote and support behind a Trump candidacy. Of course, the frontrunner may well be forced to consider that with a friend like Boehner, he may require no enemies. The former speaker is, like Trump, a fairly divisive figure in the Republican Party and wider conservative movement.Of course, as Addicting Info s Matthew Desmond pointed out earlier today, this is all becoming a moot point. Like it or not, the campaigns of Ted Cruz and John Kasich are essentially over. Donald Trump is the de facto Republican candidate for President.The GOP clown car has delivered perhaps the most repugnant presidential candidate since Barry Goldwater. The party will have to live with that, but America still has the chance to repeat the landslide of 1964 against Trump in 2016   and remind the world that the U.S. is committed to progress, not hate.Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons/Flickr Creative Commons",0
6659, Madeleine Albright Unleashes Blistering Attack On Trump After His Foreign Policy Speech (TWEETS),"Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has never been the type of person to hold back when she sees stupidity, and Donald Trump just felt the burn of her disapproval.On Wednesday, the Republican frontrunner attempted to appear  presidential  by laying out his foreign policy  plans.  The speech was just like him, full of emptiness and bullshit. He attacked President Obama s foreign policy again and again, painting him as weak on terrorism and blaming him for the problems in the Middle East. Surprisingly, however, the marmalade-tinted imbecile didn t talk about his Great Wall of  Murica at all. Later that evening, though, former Secretary Albright laid into the billionaire on Twitter.She said that she was posting on the social media site because it is Trump s favourite method of communication  and then promptly destroyed his policies:Today, @realDonaldTrump tried out a foreign policy speech   something I have experience with.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016 So I thought I d respond using his favorite method of communication and tackle some of the #TrumpDoctrine s biggest flaws head on.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016Trump demonstrates no real understanding of complex international issues and has no serious proposals for how to address them.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016 Trump speaks about regaining the trust of our allies, but then threatens to pull out of NATO.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016Trump preaches unpredictability as a policy, then asks us to trust him with the nuclear codes.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016 Trump s understanding of trade policy is simplistic at best, and would have disastrous effects on our economy.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016Trump praises Western values, then questions why we should support democracy in other countries.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016 Trump s views on torture are completely out of sync with recommendations by military leaders and America s values.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016Trump s newest slogan is  America First,  recalling the self-defeating isolationism of the 1930s.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016 Trump s proposals to ban Muslims and deport immigrants would undermine America s greatest strengths: diversity and tolerance.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016The so-called #TrumpDoctrine is simply bellicose rhetoric strung together with contradictory statements. Bluster is no strategy, Mr. Trump.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) April 27, 2016OUCH!Secretary Albright said everything we have been saying all along: Trump is in over his head. He entered this presidential race without any clear vision for the future, let alone a basic understanding of foreign policy. It would be disastrous if this man were ever allowed to dictate policy with our allies. He has no idea what the hell he is doing and would destroy this country and our relationships with the other world powers.One thing was blatantly obvious yesterday: the stakes are too high to sit at home and pout in November. Democrats must come together and keep this lunatic out of the White House; so, vote blue   no matter who.Featured image via Paul Marotta/Getty Images",0
6660, Bigoted Cops Shove Lesbian Out Of Women’s Bathroom Because She Looks Like A Man (VIDEO),"The hopes and dreams of millions of bigots finally came true when three cops on a power trip confronted a lesbian in a public restroom and shoved her outside. Why? Because they  thought  she was a guy.In a video titled  Lesbian harassed and forced to leave a public restroom because the police insist she s a man, three officers, two males and a female, can be seen in a public women s restroom telling a woman referred to her friends as a  dyke  that she has to leave. This is despite the fact that several of her friends are standing right there telling the cops that she is, in fact, a girl.Now to be fair to the cops, the woman in question didn t have ID and was dressed like a guy because women NEVER do that in America. Completely unheard of. And, even worse, she was fairly flat chested and that s something else that s simply inconceivable. Everyone knows that woman always have curves so you can identify them as chicks. So, clearly, there was absolutely no WAY the cops could know whether or not this was a woman.Other than, you know, the woman and her friends saying that she was. But since when do whiny civilians know better than the police? Frankly, I m surprised they didn t force her to drop her pants to prove it.Here s the disturbing video:This is exactly the kind of prejudice Republicans have been hoping to inspire with their  Bathroom Laws.  They know that people only need the thinnest of justifications to vent their hate and we see here the result. As far as I m concerned, the cops knew damn well that she wasn t a man or they would have arrested her. That they didn t even threaten it tells me that bullying was the intent and nothing else. Again, exactly what Republicans wanted.The right has lost the culture war against the LGBT community and what we re witnessing now is the last desperate attempts by bigots to turn back the clock to  better times.  I hope this woman sues the crap out of the police for violating her civil rights and they all lose their jobs. We have enough power tripping assholes on the streets as it is.Featured image via screencap",0
6661, Rape Deemed Legal In Oklahoma Because You Can’t Substitute Force With Intoxication Under The Law,"The definition of rape came under fire in Oklahoma Wednesday when a the state s high court ruled that a girl who had accused a boy of sexually assaulting her was too drunk to be a reliable witness and dismissed the charges against the boy she says raped her while she was either too intoxicated or unconscious. She was 14 at the time of the assault and he was 17.The boy claims that the girl, who was four times past the legal limit to drive, engaged in a consensual oral act with him. The Court of Criminal Appeals agreed with him, stating that  force can t be substituted with intoxication under the [forced sodomy] law.  Prosecutors are furious, because the boy gets a walk, and while the court also said,  We will not, in order to justify prosecution of a person for an offense, enlarge a statute beyond the fair meaning of its language,  it stated it in an  unpublished opinion,  meaning the case can t be cited as precedent.That means that nothing has changed. The court has given its opinion on what some poor drunk teenage girl forever changed because a poor decision led to a boy who is legally an adult in many states raped her and got away with it. By saying it isn t precedent means they certainly don t want to close the door on the fact that people are raped, just not for this girl, who they obviously believe could have possibly been responsible for such a thing at 14-years-old. They don t make good decisions when they re stone cold sober, nevermind when you ply them with booze.From what s available, the boy, who had a friend with him, gave the girl a ride home because she was so drunk. He dropped his friend off first, who would testify that the girl was drifting in and out of consciousness, and somewhere between there and the girl s house his DNA ended up all over her and she has no memory of the encounter. The court said they wouldn t create a crime to prosecute one offender because the forcible sodomy law says you have to use force, not alcohol or by that logic, date rape drugs, to incapacitate and force yourself on your victim.Interpreting law is what a high court does. Does somebody really have to tell these idiots that rape is about control, not sex? Maybe they saw this one kid as some believable victim of a circumstance beyond his control, but what they ve done is fostered a rapist and given plenty of other young abusers -in-training a new something to think about. Until Oklahoma either changes the law or replaces the imbeciles on its high court who interpret it, it s a breeding ground for predatory behavior.Featured image from okhouse.gov",0
6662, Barbara Boxer DESTROYS Carly Fiorina After She’s Announced As Ted Cruz’s V.P. (Tweets),"It s a shame Barbara Boxer is leaving the Senate. A fierce defender of working families and minority communities, Boxer is the kind of firebrand progressive we need in the Senate. She s also one of the funniest, apparently.In 2010, when Republicans swept the House of Representatives and picked up six seats in the Senate, Boxer faced Carly Fiorina, who mounted a tough and controversial campaign to unseat Boxer in California.In the end, Boxer prevailed, garnering 52 percent of the vote to Fiorina s 42 percent. After that, Fiorina, a sore loser, packed up and moved to Virginia, leaving California behind.Now she s Cruz s vice presidential choice (should he win the nomination). Well, with this rather unusual and obviously pandering move   Cruz admitted he needs Fiorina to win California   Boxer wasn t going to hold back.Taking to Twitter, Boxer took Fiorina and Ted Cruz to task in the most brilliant way possible:.@TedCruz talks tough on Iran, but his  running mate  was soft on Iran when she skirted the law to sell them computer parts.  Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) April 27, 2016 Slogan idea for the Cruz/Fiorina  ticket :  Mean & Meaner  Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) April 27, 2016Cruz/Fiorina= a perfect match. He wants to ship immigrants out and she s a champion at shipping jobs out.  Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) April 27, 2016 Cruz thinks Fiorina will help in California. Maybe he doesn t know Carly left after she lost by a million votes?  Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) April 27, 2016And this last one is quite possibly the best commentary on the subject:I predict that the latest @CarlyFiorina merger will be as successful as her last one.  Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) April 27, 2016John Dingell is the king of Twitter, and now it appears Barbara Boxer is the queen. If Ted Cruz thinks his new Hail Carly move will secure a win in California, maybe he should have considered just how much of a loser she is in California.If Boxer s prediction is correct, Cruz s merger with Fiorina will be as successful as her last one, and Donald Trump will be the nominee, thus giving us President Hillary Clinton.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty",0
6663, New Carly Fiorina Website Gets Pushed Directly To Something She’s REALLY Gonna Hate,"As you probably know by now, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz reached deep into his bag of desperation when he decided to prematurely name Carly Fiorina as his potential vice presidential running mate. Keep in mind, it is pretty much mathematically impossible for Cruz to get the nomination through elected delegates, so his only hope is in Donald Trump not getting to the much desired 1,237 delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination. Then, Cruz can go to the convention and try his best to figure out a way to get things to go in his favor. The thing is, Trump still has the popular vote by a large margin, so the will of the people is clearly not with Cruz.Anyway, back to Fiorina.As if Ted Cruz wasn t already horrible enough on his own, he decided to double-down on people not liking him by adding a woman who is against a woman s right to choose. Not only that, she lied about Planned Parenthood, was the CEO to a company that she promptly flushed down the toilet, including outsourcing jobs, and has absolutely no public policy experience whatsoever.Speaking of Planned Parenthood, some clever person just took the website  CarlyFiorinaForVicePresident.com  and pushed it to go directly to the Planned Parenthood Action Fund donation page.carlyfiorinaforvicepresident.comNot only quick thinking on the part of whoever put this together, but absolutely, breathtakingly brilliant.Just to remind you, Carly Fiorina loved to lie time after time about Planned Parenthood, and fed directly into the  baby body parts  myth that circulated unsubstantiated for several months.The fact that now her new mythical potential to be vice president now leads people directly to donating for Planned Parenthood isn t only amazing retribution, but pure magic.Well done, internet. Well done indeed. This is what some may call   karma.Featured Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images",0
6664, ‘Tehran’ Tom Cotton Throws Tantrum After White House Exposes Him As Clueless Obstructionist,"The Republican senator who gained infamy last year by attempting to sabotage a historic nuclear deal with Iran is back at it again   this time by trying to derail a crucial appropriations bill so America is forced to violate the agreement.Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton got the moniker  Tehran Tom  after he and many of his Republican colleagues in the senate sent a brazenly out of line letter directly to the Iranian capitol in an effort to convince the country to stop negotiating with President Obama. The plan not only backfired (the Iranians delighted in mocking the Republicans), but it led to a major backlash from across the country. Politics may be getting nasty, but it seems betraying your country to score a cheap shot against the president still crosses a major line.Unable to understand when he has lost, Cotton has since been working behind the scenes to undermine the agreement any way he can. This week, he and his loyal band of obstructionists introduced an amendment intentionally meant to rankle relations between the two countries. Cotton had tried to bar the purchase of  heavy water produced in Iran.  Heavy water is  a component of making nuclear weapons and nuclear energy.  Part of the deal with Iran involved the country handing over its stock of heavy water (to show they were serious about ending their nuclear program)   but Cotton doesn t want America to take it. Why? Because then the deal would actually work.Needless to say, the White House was furious. At a press conference, Press Secretary Josh Earnest let Cotton have it: So it is clear what the intent of his amendment is. Senator Cotton is certainly no expert when it comes to heavy water. I m confident that he couldn t differentiate heavy water from sparkling water. His focus is on undermining the effective implementation of this agreement that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Cotton is fast becoming a single-issue politician. The time and energy he pours into trying to hurt Iran-United States relation borders on pathological. Even many of his colleagues, some of whom signed his letter in 2015, have given up thinking they can stop this agreement. Not Tehran Tom. He keeps plugging away.On Twitter, Cotton did not take the news of his White House dress down well. He suggested that he, a sitting United States Senator, isn t aware the existence of  sparkling water  because he was in the military   a claim many found  dubious.As for you @PressSec , you re right, I don t know much about sparkling water. It isn t served in Army, unlike in your ritzy West Wing.  Tom Cotton (@SenTomCotton) April 27, 2016Maybe Cotton can get some of his lobbyist friends to send him a few bottles.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6665, AGAIN? Baltimore Cops Shoot 13-Year-Old Boy With BB Gun (PHOTOS/VIDEOS),"Baltimore Police officers shot a 13-year-old boy who was carrying a toy BB-gun. The shooting occurred just as the city hit the one-year anniversary of demonstrations after the killing of Freddie Gray and concerns about police brutality and training swept the country.A 13-year-old boy was shot by a police officer in Baltimore on Wednesday, after the officer saw what he believed to be a semi-automatic handgun, officials said.What officers thought was a handgun ultimately proved to be a replica BB gun, Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis told reporters.The boy was expected to survive his injuries, Davis said. My thoughts and prayers are with him,  Davis said.  My thoughts and prayers are with his family. Baltimore Police later released this photo of the BB gun:Police also took in the boy s mother, and video footage was released of that:.@namenzie Correction: Boy shot by cops is not dead. Grainy/compressed vid of mother ""taken in."" #BaltimoreUprising pic.twitter.com/4wvdasXhjZ  Nicola_A_Menzie (@namenzie) April 27, 2016A police commander was caught on video alleging that the gun  looked 1,000 percent real. NEW: Man records police commander explaining this afternoon's shooting of 13 yr old. ""That gun looked 1000% real"" pic.twitter.com/FEtYNE8LUX  Justin Fenton (@justin_fenton) April 27, 2016Crime reporter Justin Fenton noted that the shooting comes on a violent week in Baltimore, where 16 people have been shot with 9 killed over the last three days.Even though the shooting has not yet been completely investigated, the police commissioner told the Baltimore Sun there is  no reason to believe that these officers acted inappropriately in any way.  It is a message that echoes several similar statements issued by police departments seeking to defend their own, only to have supplementary video footage or testimony contradict the claims of officers on the ground.Recently the family of 12-year-old Tamir Rice entered into a legal settlement with the city of Cleveland after the child was shot and killed while holding a toy gun. In that case, police claimed the boy was reaching into his waistband, which prompted the lethal shooting. Surveillance footage proved this was inaccurate, but the officer involved, Timothy Loehmann, was not indicted.Featured image via Facebook",0
6666, FREAK OUT: Republicans Will HATE That This Famous Liberal Actor Is Going To Play Ronald Reagan,"Comedian and actor Will Ferrell has been cast as former President Ronald Reagan in an upcoming movie. The former Saturday Night Live cast member is known to be a liberal, and was a supporter of President Obama. Now he will be portraying arguably the biggest icon of the conservative movement.Sources tell Variety Ferrell is attached to star as President Ronald Reagan in the Black List script  Reagan. Penned by Mike Rosolio, the story begins at the start of the ex-president s second term when he falls into dementia and an ambitious intern is tasked with convincing the commander-in-chief that he is an actor playing the president in a movie.The script was so popular following its announcement on the Black List, an annual catalog of the top unproduced scripts in Hollywood, that a live read was done recently done in March starring Lena Dunham and John Cho.Ferrell s iconic portrayal of George W. Bush on SNL was a key part of the cultural zeitgeist, cementing the image of Bush as a slow-witted, unintelligent buffoon with large segments of the public. Ferrell s version of Bush, along with Phil Hartman s interpretations of Reagan and Bill Clinton, is often seen as one of the best such parodies in the show s history. Ferrell also appeared as Bush on Broadway, in the production  You re Welcome, America. Ferrell has also appeared in several movies that have progressive themes that also lampoon conservatives. The Other Guys cast Wall Street raiders as the bad guys, ripping off police pensions; The Campaign lampooned right-wing billionaires who meddle in politics, like the Koch Brothers; and Get Hard again showcased the elite 1% as heartless bad guys, while the working class character is the ultimate hero. Several of Ferrell s films are directed by Big Short director Adam McKay, which of course is another film about the super-rich soaking the rest of America.Ferrell also starred in one of the most popular videos posted on YouTube by the Obama campaign (over 5 million views), where he promised to do anything in exchange for a vote to re-elect the president:Featured image via YouTube",0
6667, Speaker Of The Big House: Child Molester Dennis Hastert To Spend Over A Year In Jail,"Former Speaker Of The House Dennis Hastert got handed the sentence of 15 months in prison for monetary payoffs he made to keep his sexual abuse of young boys silent. The judge in the case called him a  serial child molester,  and also ordered him to enroll in a sex-offender treatment program.Hastert was accused of molesting 4 boys aged 14 to 17, during his time as a coach at Yorkville High School in Illinois. The case came to light when one of them finally broke decades of silence on Hastert s conduct.If you re thinking 15 months for molesting 4 boys is outrageous, you d be correct. Unfortunately, the statute of limitations has expired on the molestation cases. This forced the court to focus on illegal cash withdrawals that Hastert made to pay hush-money in order to keep the crimes buried.As is always the case with your average Republican who does something criminal, there is a news reel of them being hypocritical by attacking others for somewhat similar conduct. Hastert was a very vocal critic of then-President Bill Clinton over the Monica Lewinsky affair. Clearly, Bill was not in any sense as despicable as Hastert. However, that didn t stop Hastert from strongly attacking Clinton for it.Dennis Hastert on the House floor, 1998:When the allegations first came to light, Hastert did what all Republicans do; blame the victim. His initial response was to claim that the money withdrawal was because HE was the one being victimized by a blackmailer over a baseless claim of sexual abuse. This didn t end up working well for Hastert because the judge used it to hand down an even stronger sentence to him, with the judge telling him,  You tried to make him a victim again. U.S. Attorney comments on Hastert:This is yet another case of the universal hypocrisy that is a chronic condition of the Republican party. During a time when Republicans everywhere are trying to pass bathroom laws to  protect people  from the theorized molestations they believe will occur if a transgender individual uses a public bathroom, their party heroes keep getting nailed for doing the very thing they claim to hate.Here s a better idea. Since Republican men do this more than transgender individuals, we will make a  Republican Men s Bathroom.  We can do voter ID checks to make sure Republican men can only use their assigned bathroom because it s a  public safety issue,  as they like to say regarding their anti-LGBT bathroom laws. While we re at it, we can make Republican male-only movie theaters, restaurants and stores to help protect the public from mass shooters.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6668," Taxpayers Billed $800,000 A Year For Prayers In Congress","American taxpayers are being charged more than $66,000 an hour for prayers said in the US House and Senate.  The total cost per prayer, which lasts an average of 90 seconds, is a whopping $1,659.According to Andrew Seidel of the Freedom From Religion Foundation, who did the math to determine what taxpayers are being charged for prayers in Washington, the total annual bill comes to more than $800,000.Both the U.S. House and Senate employ a chaplain whose singular duty is to administer prayer. The budget for the House Chaplain s office is $345,000, while the Senate Chaplain s office receives $436,886.Seidel reports that both the House and Senate chaplains earn executive level salaries which are equal to those of high-ranking government officials, such as  general counsels of the Departments of the Army, Navy, and Air Force; the chief financial officers of NASA and the EPA; the Chief Information Officers of almost every major federal department and agency; and the Army s Director of Civil Defense. The two chaplains earn three-figure salaries for presiding over opening prayers in the house and senate, which only convene about 135 days out of the year.Seidel reports:And even with those fat salaries, the official chaplains let  guest chaplains  deliver many of the prayers about 40% in the House. The House chaplains gave 1,341 invocations over the 16 years from 2000-2015, or about 84 invocations each year. Guest chaplains gave another 857 over that same span. Congress is budgeting more than three-quarters of a million dollars every year for chaplains to give these prayers or coordinate the guest chaplains  prayers.As Seidel explains here, in 2011 the House Chaplain delivered just 104 prayers, lasting an average of 90 seconds each. That s about 2.6 hours of work. For that he was paid $172,500, or $66,346 an hour.Over the 15-year period between 2000 and 2015, US taxpayers spent $10 million on prayers in Washington. In the meantime, elected officials slashed spending on essential programs like WIC and SNAP as well as other assistance for the vulnerable.The idea that taxpayers are being billed exorbitant amounts of money for prayers, all while right-wing politicians screech about the national debt and wasteful government spending, is beyond outrageous.The church is not government and government is not a church. Everyone is free to exercise their religious beliefs in the U.S. Using millions of dollars in taxpayer money to support daily prayers in Washington, however, is not even close to acceptable.The Freedom From Religion Foundation is encouraging voters to make their voices heard on this issue by contacting their elected representatives here and here.Image credit: Wikipedia",0
6669, Carly Fiorina Bursting Into Song At Cruz Rally Is The Most Bizarre Thing You’ll Ever See (VIDEO),"Just when you thought things couldn t get weirder, Carly Fiorina bursts into song.It all happened during the Ted Cruz rally where he named Fiorina his vice presidential choice if he were to somehow magically secure enough delegates for the GOP nomination.The entire publicity stunt of adding Fiorina just reeks of desperation from the Cruz campaign. It s very reminiscent of what President McCain John McCain did in 2008 to try to appeal to voters in a last-ditched effort to try to become president, and we all know how that turned out.Nonetheless, Fiorina accepted his request to run on his imaginary ticket, so she spoke to the crowd at his latest rally in Indiana.She spoke in fluent conservative-speak, saying things like: A President Ted Cruz will restore power back where it belongs in the hands of citizens,  and  This is the fight of our time, and I believe Ted Cruz is the man to lead that fight. Along with a boatload of other malarkey.Then, as if from out of nowhere, she started singing about Ted Cruz s daughters. Now, some may think,  aww, that sounds delightful,  but those people clearly don t know Carly Fiorina. It was a mixture of weird and very creepy, and most definitely cringeworthy, to the point where you couldn t wait until the moment was over.This move by Cruz is definitely odd and sort of unprecedented, but it will be interesting to see how it works out for him.Watch the strange serenade here:WATCH: @CarlyFiorina bursts into song after @tedcruz names her his running mate https://t.co/2RAbmQaqkV https://t.co/xRcCJ51mvN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 27, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6670," Israeli PM Rejects Obama’s $40 Billion Aid Offer, Demands More While America’s Children Go Hungry","The state of Israel currently receives a staggering $3 billion a year in so-called aid, much of it for its military, which is then used to brutalize the Palestinian people in the form of a military occupation and a settlement apparatus of land theft that is illegal under international law. With the current agreement set to expire in 2017, Israel wants a raise. They are now asking for an estimated $5 billion a year over the next ten years, for a total of more than $50 billion.Despite the fact that we can use this money at home to help America s 16 million children who live below the poverty level, Israel s prime minister not only is asking for more money, but he had the nerve to reject President Obama s offer of $40 billion over the next ten years. Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israelis are using their pull in Washington to get the POTUS to play by their rules. The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), a lobby group in Washington that works on behalf of a foreign country (Israel) often through the coercion and arm twisting of American officials, just got 83 U.S. senators to sign a letter demanding that the president send money to Israel. The letter states: In light of Israel s dramatically rising defense challenges, we stand ready to support a substantially enhanced new long-term agreement to help provide Israel the resources it requires to defend itself and preserve its qualitative military edge. Not surprisingly, Senator Bernie Sanders was not one of the signatories to the letter. The senator has recognized not only that Israel uses disproportionate force on Palestinian civilians through weapons the U.S. gives to Israel, but he also knows the alarming poverty rate that exists in our own backyard with a staggering number of children living in food insecure homes: Another element to this insane demand for money from a country supposedly in need is that Israelis enjoy free universal healthcare and education. American households incur billions in debt just so their children can be able to go to school. Moreover, many Americans continue to have no access to healthcare and Republicans are trying to kill Obamacare.It s time for America to take care of its children, its sick, and its hungry. It s time for America s politicians to worry about America first instead of an ungrateful country that doesn t require aid but rather needs to be stopped and sanctioned for its brutality against the Palestinian people.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons ",0
6671, BREAKING: Cruz Names Carly Fiorina As His VP Running Mate,"After suffering debilitating losses in five northeastern states   Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Pennsylvania   and his  alliance  with John Kasich crumbling after only two days, Ted Cruz needed to find a way to stop GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.And he found the way   at least he thinks he does.The Cruz campaign announced Wednesday afternoon that failed CEO, failed Senate candidate, failed presidential candidate and largely disliked Carly Fiorina will be the Texas Senator s VP running mate.Simply put, this is Ted Cruz  sad, pathetic attempt at a hail Mary to pander to female GOP voters (who loath Trump). And what s even sadder is Cruz only picked Fiorina out of sheer logistics   not because he necessarily likes her or thinks she would be a good Vice President. According to Politico:The hope within the campaign is that Fiorina will help Cruz in California, which will award 172 delegates on June 7. Fiorina is scheduled to give the keynote address at this weekend s California Republican Party convention, speaking hours after Cruz takes the stage.The move comes at a time of growing desperation within Cruz circles. Some in the campaign worry that the Texas senator will lose Indiana on Tuesday and lose other key states in May, paving the way for a Trump nomination.Yes, the women who helped dent Silicon Valley and lost a statewide election to Barbara Boxer by 10 percent is the perfect choice for Cruz s California comeback. As it becomes increasingly clear that Trump s negative image will spell certain doom for the GOP in November, Cruz has literally taken it upon himself to pull a John McCain circa 2008. Only this time America knows who Fiorina is, and they don t like her very much.Fiorina suspended her campaign after poor showings in Iowa and New Hampshire and subsequently endorsed Cruz, traveling he country as a surrogate for his campaign.The decision was two weeks in the making as reports surfaced the Cruz campaign was heavily vetting the former CEO, and placed her at the top of a  serious  contender list for V.P. Never before has a losing candidate pulled such a desperate maneuver to save their campaign. Hopefully this comes back to bite them both in the behind. The GOP is tired of panderers.Featured image via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
6672, Michael Jordan Condemns North Carolina Anti-LGBT Law,"North Carolina Republicans just got slam-dunked by the greatest NBA player of all time.Their bigotry has cost the state many economic opportunities since HB2 was signed into law. Corporations are cancelling projects. Entertainers are cancelling performances. The federal government is looking into stopping the flow of federal cash into the state. The NBA has threatened to pull the All-Star game out of the state. Yet Republicans are refusing to repeal the law that literally allows business owners to discriminate against LGBT people.It s all because Republicans are obsessed with transgender people using the bathroom.According to conservatives, the law is necessary to protect women and children from sexual predators whom they claim will use transgender protections as a shield to defend going into women s restrooms and locker rooms to commit sexual assault. But that claim has been debunked, even by Fox News, because there has not been a single instance of that scenario occurring in the 17 states and over 200 cities that have transgender protections in place.Now NBA legend Michael Jordan has spoken out against the law, declaring in a statement that the Charlotte Hornets organization does not support discrimination and that the Time Warner Cable Arena will continue to be a safe and inclusive place for everyone.Jordan issued the following statement through the Charlotte Observer on April 27: As my organization has stated previously, the Charlotte Hornets and Hornets Sports & Entertainment are opposed to discrimination in any form, and we have always sought to provide an inclusive environment. As has been the case since the building opened, we will continue to ensure that all fans, players and employees feel welcome while at work or attending NBA games and events in Time Warner Cable Arena. This should be considered a strong statement by His Airness considering his history of declining to get involved in politics.Jordan was raised in North Carolina. He went to high school there and attended college at the University of North Carolina where he played basketball for the Tar Heels before being drafted by the Chicago Bulls in 1984. He would go on to win six championships with the Bulls and is widely regarded as the best player in the history of the game.He is now the owner of the Charlotte Hornets and is considered one of the most influential and powerful figures in the state, so this statement carries a lot of weight. Now one just has to wonder how long it will be before Republicans pass a bill specifically banning transgender people from using the bathroom at the Time Warner Cable Arena.Featured image via YouTube",0
6673, Trump Gets ROASTED By The White House For Embarrassing Teleprompter Moment (VIDEO),"Up until recently, we ve all been witnessing Donald Trump speak freely with nothing really prepared except for the usual crumpled sheet of paper he d pull out of his coat pocket to read the latest poll numbers to tell us how wonderful he is. However, with clinching the Republican nomination getting closer and closer, he s trying (and failing) to be more refined. Which includes using a teleprompter to read speeches that are prepared for him.During his foreign policy speech on Wednesday, it was painfully awkward to watch. You could hear him reading the speech, which did not come across naturally whatsoever. Watching his head swiftly move from side to side to give the illusion that he was speaking freely was more clumsy than a first date in the dark.Then came the moment when he was trying to be serious and speak about some foreign policy blunders, and he spoke about when some of our embassies overseas were compromised. However, his reading off the teleprompter proved this is probably the first time he has ever heard of the places of which he was speaking.For example, he read: Our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. But SAID: Our embassies in Kenya and Tan-ZANE-ia. Small blunder? Sure, but one that was surely noticed by all and just another example of Trump s clear ineptitude.Donald Trump has a pretty interesting way of pronouncing Tanzania. #tanzaynia https://t.co/2ygcnhCVKF  DOPEITSTOM (@DOPEITSTOM) April 27, 2016Taking notice of this blunder was none other than, well, pretty much everyone- but also White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest. When questioned about the moment, Earnest quipped: Apparently phonetics are not included on the teleprompter. Watch here:""Apparently, the phonetics are not included on the teleprompter."" @PressSec on Donald Trump foreign policy address.https://t.co/ORuNELmrne  CSPAN (@cspan) April 27, 2016All in all, it shows how ill-prepared Trump is at not only addressing the nation, but also reading. Add this to the list of reasons not to vote for him, which is a very, very long list.If you want to torture yourself, you can watch the speech in full HERE.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6674, Students LOSE IT After Conservative Speaker Tells Them Feminism Is ‘Cancer’ (VIDEO),"On Monday, Milo Yiannopoulos   an editor for conservative website Breitbart   offended students at the University of Massachusetts when he told them that feminism was a  cancer  on society during a panel about political correctness organized by the school s College Republicans group.Let s just say those misogynistic conservative views didn t go over too well. While some students were cheering for the panel, it was clear that several students did not like what the conservative speakers had to say. Once Yiannopoulos announced,  Feminism is cancer. Thank you very much,  everything began to go downhill. It didn t take long before one brave, outspoken female student began to protest, shouting  F*ck you! F*ck you!  to Yiannopoulos and called him a  rape apologist. As Christina Hoff Sommers, another speaker on the panel, tried to ignore the inflammatory situation happening in the audience by moving onto the subject of how evil third-wave feminism was, the protester continued to only get louder. The student shouted over everyone, This is free speech! Keep your hate speech off this campus!  She added,  Stop talking to us like children! Sommers fired back at the student,  Then stop acting like a child! The entire assembly quickly fell apart, causing chaos to errupt as several more students began objecting to the panel s misogynistic views.You can watch the insane footage from the event below, courtesy of college news website Campus Reform:The students disrupted the panel so much that Yiannopoulos actually threatened to donate $50 to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s campaign every time they were interrupted.Sadly, Yiannopoulos wasn t the only a**hole speaker disrespecting the students at this gathering. While addressing the packed audience of students, conservative comedian Steven Crowder called the protesters  silly liberal fruitcakes  when they tried to counter the speakers hateful rhetoric. Crowder was also kind enough to remind the students that Yiannopoulos   Dangerous Faggot Tour  was a response to protesters like themselves. He said,  This monster right here that you re so afraid of   the face you see in your nightmares, was created by social justice warrior a**holes like you. Just to prove what a misogynist Yiannopoulos really is, this is what he tweeted after the event:NEW CLUB BANGER https://t.co/ZGcq1Pcp6e  Milo Yiannopoulos   (@Nero) April 27, 2016The anti-woman attitude of the entire panel is extremely disgusting. You can watch the entire assembly below, with Yiannopoulos   cancer  remarks starting at about 3 minutes in:Featured image is a screenshot",0
6675, The Satanic Temple Trolls Anti-Abortion Fanatics Into Stunned Silence (VIDEOS),"One of the greatest institutions in America right now is the Satanic Temple. Their mission is simple: Mock, troll and thwart conservative Christian encroachment into our lives. To this end, the Detroit chapter of the church took to the streets of Ferndale and Detroit dressed unconventionally  to expose the creepy obsession the  pro-life  movement has with fetuses:According to the Temple s Detroit chapter leader, Jex Blackmore,  the anti-choice movement s obsession with, and mischaracterization of the fetus obscures medical reality and a woman s constitutional right to choice. The group dressed in baby masks and diapers, replete with BDSM gear, bottles and baby powder.Watch the really funny but reeeealllly creepy videos: Sooooooooo yeah. That actually happened. BDSM babies being flogged for their sins? I dunno. But the leader of the group, Jex Blackmore, refers to the attacks on Planned Parenthood as  fetal idolatry  which might possibly be the best description I ve ever heard. The fact is, the (mostly) conservative Christian fight against abortion is centered around  protecting  the fetus until the second it s out of the womb. Then the little moocher and its  taker  mother are on their own. Don t come asking for food, clothes, healthcare, schooling or anything else! The pro-life  movement doesn t have time for any of that! They re on a mission from god to save babies from abortion!Worship the fetus, ignore the baby. If that s not fetal idolatry, I don t know what is. Here s how Blackmore describes it:The Satanic Temple (TST) believes that the anti-choice movement s obsession with, and mischaracterization of the fetus obscures medical reality and a woman s constitutional right to choice. Enlarged images of fetuses which are no larger than an inch and the personalization of mindless, senseless human embryos elevates the fetus to the status of a demigod. The strategy of elevating tiny human em br yos and fetuses to a rever ence creates a fantasy in which the maternal body is both erased and criminalized.All I have to say to that is,  Hail Satan! Featured image via screencap.",0
6676, John McCain Fundraiser BUSTED For Operating A Meth Lab In Her Home (VIDEO),"Senator John McCain got some bad news on Tuesday when the women listed as the RSVP on his re-election fundraisers was arrested on drug charges.According to AZ Central, 34-year-old Emily Pitha, a former member of the staff of retired U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl, R-Ariz., was one of two people who were arrested after the Maricopa County Sheriff s Department raided her house. When police entered her home they discovered a meth lab, LSD, cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, counterfeit money, about $7,000 in cash and a marijuana grow house behind the home.In addition to all of the drugs and cash, two children were in the home (5 and 10). Detective Doug Matteson said: [The kids] had easy access to all of (the) drugs and materials, even the bomb-making materials that were located in the back with the meth lab. A Maricopa County Sheriff s Office spokesman said authorities executed the search warrant after a package containing over 250 grams of raw ecstasy (MDMA) from the Netherlands was delivered to the house.McCain s campaign manager, Ryan O Daniel, released a statement following the raid, saying: We commend the hard work and dedication of our law enforcement officers in their fight to keep our community safe from illegal drugs and associated criminal activity. The campaign immediately terminated any relationship with Ms. Pitha upon learning of her alleged involvement in the operation. It s a bit awkward that McCain s campaign is now embroiled in a drug scandal, when the senator has spent so much time claiming that he is tough on drugs. Perhaps he should tone down the rhetoric if he is not going to bother to properly vet the people associated with him. Just sayin .Watch a news report about the arrest:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6677, Rachel Maddow EVISCERATES Trump For His ‘Woman’s Card’ Comments About Hillary (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, Republican front runner Donald Trump made the horrendous mistake of dissing leading Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, saying that she was unqualified to be a candidate and that she only had the  woman s card to help her win over voters.Specifically, Trump had said, The only thing she s got going is the woman s card. And the beautiful thing is, women don t like her.  He also added that if Clinton were a man, she would only get  5 percent of the vote. (Obviously, Trump has forgotten about all of these qualifications and accomplishments Clinton has worked for over the years).Later that day, NBC host Rachel Maddow properly ripped Trump for his comments, pointing out what an idiot he was for continuing his long history of misogynistic, sexist comments and pushing female voters even further away. Maddow told co-host Brian Williams: As our colleague and friend Nicolle Wallace pointed out earlier this evening, Donald Trump does have a general election problem. Even if he gets this nomination, even if everything goes the way it has been for him during the primary as he heads toward the general election, he brings with him a big problem with women voters.To say about the woman that you re running against that the only reason she s in the race is because she s a woman   that her achievement is basically the result of some sort of affirmative action, some favor being paid to her as a woman   and that as a human being she is patently unqualified when she is the former two-term senator from New York and the former secretary of state and has the experience that she s had, I do think that even a lot of Republican women will read that wrong. It s literally baffling and somewhat amusing to think that Trump believes that female voters would connect with a sexist, misogynist candidate like himself. What Trump may not realize is that women actually hate him WAY more than they dislike Clinton. According to a survey by Morning Consult, a nonpartisan firm, only 39% of women view Clinton unfavorably, compared to a whopping 52% for Trump.You can watch Maddow blast Trump below:Featured image via screen capture",0
6678, Colbert Outs Republicans As The True Weirdos For Obsessing Over Who Goes To The Bathroom (VIDEO),"Late Show host Stephen Colbert hilariously took aim at bathroom obsessed Republicans on Tuesday night and hit the bulls-eye.Colbert began by talking about how anti-LGBT conservatives have organized a boycott of Target because the company unveiled a policy in which transgender people can use the bathroom corresponding to their gender identity. And then he told the audience where he stands on the issue. Here s the thing. I don t care if you re male or female, what sex or gender identity someone is, I   and I mean this sincerely   do not want to share a bathroom with anyone. For two reasons: No. 1   and No. 2,  Colbert began.Unlike Republicans, Colbert says when he goes into the restroom he has no desire to look at everyone s genitalia to ascertain whether they are transgender or not. When I am forced to use a public bathroom   which is infrequently, thank God   I go in there with blinders on. I don t know who s next to me. It could be a centaur next to me, for all I know. I don t even like to look at myself in the mirror afterwards. I know what I did. I m there for a surgical strike   get in, get out, minimal casualties. Colbert doesn t even care if a famous celebrity or a fan is standing next to him. He simply wants to do his business with no chit-chat and get the hell out. I m not there to make friends. If we ve just come out of a movie and you re standing next to me, I don t want to talk about how irreplaceable Robert Downey Jr. is as Iron Man. I don t care if you re Robert Downey Jr. yourself. Second, if you re a fan of mine   that s wonderful,  he continued.  Please don t try to shake my hand in there. Because I know what you just shook. Also, if there are a bunch of open stalls, don t take the one next to me. It s not the buddy system. With that being said, Colbert concluded that Republicans are the real weirdos for obsessing so much over who is using the bathroom and what their genitalia is. To all those lawmakers out there who are so obsessed with who s using what bathroom and what plumbing they ve got downtown   newsflash: You re the weirdos. Here s the video via YouTube.Colbert is absolutely right, of course.Republicans are not only obsessed with gay people having sex, they are obsessed with who is using the bathroom. In fact, they actually expect people to inspect the genitalia of other bathroom users and report them to authorities.Kansas Republicans recently introduced a pair of bills granting students $2,500 every time they see and report a transgender student using the bathroom, which means they would actually have to look at what each person has between their legs in order to cash-in.The fact that conservatives even thought of such bills is sickening. And considering that Republicans themselves have been arrested for misconduct in bathrooms while not a single transgender person has committed such a crime, it makes one wonder why we don t have laws banning conservatives from using public restrooms. After all, they seem to be the only ones who can t control themselves.Featured image via screenshot",0
6679, You Won’t Believe What This Michigan Teacher Said That Got Her Fired,"A Battle Creek, Michigan substitute teacher has been fired because she had the audacity to say  vagina. Allison Wint said that she has been teaching at Harper Creek Middle School since January, but was recently let go after she used the word during a discussion about art history with a class she was teaching. She said that she just wanted to have an open discussion with the eighth graders about art and the controversies surrounding some artists  work. During the lecture she held up a reproduction of some of Georgia O Keefe s work and said: Imagine walking into a gallery when [O Keefe] was first showing her pieces, and thinking,  Am I actually seeing vaginas here, am I a pervert? I m either a pervert or this woman was a pervert. The teacher said she used the word vagina  maybe 10 times. But it was never in a vulgar capacity.  She went on to say: I thought if I used a euphemism, that would make it into a joke,  she said.  And I don t think that s a word you should be afraid of. Unfortunately, school officials did not agree and fired her. The day after her lesson, the school s principal, Kim Thayer, fired her for using the word  vagina   without previous approval.  Who knew that using the proper medical terminology for a part of a female s anatomy was no longer allowed in schools? Maybe the principal would have preferred she say  whoo-ha  or some nonsense like that?Let s be real, it is a sad day in the American educational system when proper terms for body parts are off limits because they offend an adult s delicate sensibilities. How the hell are our children supposed to learn if they aren t even taught basic things like  vagina  is not a bad word? Being afraid of the word   creates an aura of shame around the body part,  Wint said.Indeed.Not only is it important for students to know that it is not a dirty word, knowing the proper names for anatomically correct terms helps to combat sexual abuse. According to Think Progress:Perhaps most importantly, teaching kids to use the accurate words for their body parts teaches them that they have ownership over their body, provides a positive boost to their self-image, and increases their confidence. That could have radical implications for our current society s pervasive rape culture, which advances the false perception that sexual assault is merely a consequence of promiscuity rather than a serious crime. If youth grow up with a deeper understanding of bodily autonomy and consent, they will be more likely to speak up when they feel that consent has been violated   and perhaps less likely to violate someone else s consent.There is absolutely no reason at all that this teacher should have been fired for using a word that these kids should have ALREADY been comfortable hearing. The fact that it was considered  inappropriate  demonstrates how much Battle Creek has already failed their kids.Wint said that the only other time she has had a problem with the principal was when she hung a sign that the students made her behind her desk. The sign read Marriage is about love, not gender.  Thayer told her to remove it.It sounds like Thayer is one of those right-wing, religious nuts who have no business overseeing a school. If she can t shelve her personal feelings about things before she goes into work, then she really has no business holding the position she does.Featured image via Detroit Free Press",0
6680, A Restaurant Worker Has Moved Millions With This Act Of Kindness To A Disabled Customer (IMAGE),"Footage of a Georgia restaurant worker taking time out to support a disabled customer with no hands is moving millions around the world.The restaurant worker, known only as Alex, has become a viral internet star overnight after another diner at the Cinco De Mayo Mexican Grill in Douglasville, Georgia captured him helping out a disabled diner  by feeding him his dinner. The image has since been shared thousands of times, to an audience in the millions.https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1758406897728318&set=a.1374236599478685.1073741828.100006770730018&type=3&theaterThe diner who took the picture, Reginald Widener, could not believe his eyes as Alex took time out of a busy shift to ensure that his customer was able to enjoy the meal. He watched as Alex carefully put together forkfuls of food for the man with no hands, and then feed them to him. Widener was so moved, he took the picture and shared online on Sunday, saying: This seriously hit me right in the soul. Still good [people] in the world. Interviewed on the matter later by CBS News, Widener added: Southern hospitality is real down here. People do kind things all the time that s above and beyond what normally happens. He was also thrilled that the image had provoked such a powerful response across the country, and the world. Widener felt Alex deserved to enjoy the moment, and to be acknowledged for making a difference every day in his job. Commenters from around the world were certainly keen to make their views known.Erick Watkins wrote: That s awesome, bro. I would have gave him a tip myself just for doing that! ShanBama Ryder added: God bless him for real. That s a great dude right there. At a time when those working in America s food service industry are fighting to be paid enough to survive, this incredible moment serves as a reminder of the extraordinary people we have working the tables of the United States. Surely, servers like Alex are worth a lot more than the mere $15 federal minimum wage they are seeking?Featured image via Facebook ",0
6681, Watch Chris Christie’s Wife Roll Her Eyes At Trump’s Sexist ‘Woman Card’ Remark (VIDEO),"After a clean sweep of victories for Donald Trump on Tuesday night, he quickly took this as an indicator that he is the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party. He also took it as the perfect time to completely start to try to throw Hillary Clinton under the bus.There s nothing a misogynist is more fearful of than a strong woman, let alone a strong woman who has actual policy proposals and far more experience for the job you re vying to have. And with Hillary Clinton nearly clinching the Democratic nomination for president, and Trump close to clinching the Republican nomination, he went directly after Clinton for being a woman. Even claiming the only reason she s doing well is because of the  woman card. He said: The only card she has is the woman s card. She s got nothing else going. And frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don t think she d get five percent of the vote. The only thing she s got going is the woman s card, and the beautiful thing is, women don t like her. Well, one woman who clearly didn t like all this talk of the  woman s card  was Mary Pat Christie, wife of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who was standing directly behind Trump. When he uttered that phrase, she very visibly rolled her eyes.Christie s reaction was likely that of every woman across the nation who doesn t hate themselves for being a woman. Trump is showing that he is absolutely terrified of Hillary Clinton, otherwise he wouldn t say such a ridiculous thing to try to sway the vote. Hillary has more proper policy experience in her pinky finger than Trump does in all ten of his tiny fingers.Keep showing your true colors, Trump, because more women just like Christie s wife will be setting the narrative for your campaign as they roll their eyes at your clear ineptitude rolling into November..@ChrisChristie's wife Mary Pat reacts to @realDonaldTrump during his ""woman's card"" comments on @HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/yNKo8wE6tv  POLITICO (@politico) April 27, 2016Miss it? Watch here:It really does say it all.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6682, This Sexist Comment From Trump’s Victory Speech Caps Nightmare Night For GOP (VIDEO),"Donald Trump cruised to huge victories in all five of the Republican primaries held on Tuesday night, racking up double digit victories in the states of Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Delaware. While a triumph for the candidate as he moved close to the psychologically significant 1,000 delegate mark on his way to the 1,237 needed to win the nomination, he also made remarks that could foretell the death of all Republican hopes.At the end of a long, directionless, rambling press conference and victory celebration, Trump decided to unleash a sexist attack on Hillary Clinton that is sure to echo with many American women who have been put down in the workplace.Donald Trump: ""If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she'd get 5% of the vote."" https://t.co/Z5FJK1qaf8https://t.co/IhBbfhcRVv  ABC News (@ABC) April 27, 2016Trump told his supporters and the reporters on scene:  If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don t think she d get 5% of the vote.  He added,  women don t like Hillary. In fact, polls have shown that it is Trump s historic unpopularity with especially women voters, thanks to his long track record of sexist, misogynistic, and insulting attacks on women like Megyn Kelly and Rosie O Donnell, that have Clinton well-positioned to beat him.Chris Christie s wife, Mary Pat, grimaced as Trump made his sexist attack:Mary Pat Christie made this face behind Trump after his comments about Clinton and the woman card pic.twitter.com/oIxm9XRp2d  Tal Kopan (@TalKopan) April 27, 2016Earlier in the evening, Clinton responded to Trump s previous whining that her candidacy was based on  playing the woman card,  telling her supporters to raucous applause:  Deal me in. The Republican Party was already in trouble with female voters before they were saddled with a nominee like Donald Trump. The party has lost the female vote in every presidential election since 1992, losing that key demographic even when they have won the overall election.The party has tried to keep its positions that are unpopular with women out of the public spotlight, preferring to fight against abortion and birth control at the state level, rather than nationally. But with a female candidate the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party, along with a slate of women nominees running for Senate seats across the country, this could turn out to be a nightmare of epic proportions for the GOP.Featured image via Twitter",0
6683, Hillary NAILS Response To Trump’s Accusations Of ‘Playing The Woman Card’ (VIDEO),"As exit polls roll in for the latest batch of states to vote in this election cycle s hotly contested primaries, Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton turns her attentions to Donald Trump. Ever the unrepentant sexist, Trump recently accused Clinton of  playing the woman card  to get votes away from Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders. In her speech this evening as the latest primary votes roll in, the former Secretary of State addressed Trump s uncalled for comments. Clinton said: Now, the other day, Mr. Trump accused me of playing the, quote,  woman card.  Well, if fighting for women s healthcare and paid family leave and equal is  playing the woman card,  then DEAL ME IN! Secretary Clinton is right, of course. GOP sexists like Trump like to try and make people believe that women are equal citizens in this country. We are not; in fact, far from it. There is most definitely a war on women s reproductive health rights, the GOP refuses to pass equal pay laws, and sexism is rampant all over the place   including in this very presidential primary. People who accuse folks of playing the  woman card  or the  gay card  or the  black card  are simply bigots who don t understand the existence of systemic inequality.This response was right on the money, Secretary Clinton. Thank for letting that sexist imbecile Trump have it.Watch the video of her brilliant response below:Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
6684, Fox Host Gives Conservatives The Best Advice For How They Should Vote In November (VIDEO),"Conservative voters should definitely do this.A Fox News host finally came up with a good idea that would truly make America great again.During Fox and Friends on Tuesday, the show s newest host Ainsley Earhardt suggested that conservative  Christians  vote via prayer and let God decide who the next president will be.Religious nut Kirk Cameron s equally super religious sister Candace Cameron Bure joined the show as a guest and was asked her opinion on how to get Republicans to unite behind a single candidate.Current GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is in the middle of a fight with Ted Cruz over the Republican nomination which has split party extremists while alienating moderates. I don t know what it s going to take,  Bure said after conceding that she is NOT a political expert.  But I m an American and I hold conservative values, and I think at the end of the day, I realize I put my faith in Jesus Christ, not in any one person. Of course, Jesus is not a candidate for president but Bure promised to pray for whoever wins anyway. Whoever becomes our candidate, our nominee and eventually our president, I will pray for them and support that they make the best decisions for our country,  she continued.Earhardt, who replaced Elisabeth Hasselbeck on the panel when the latter stepped down in 2015, then suggested the idea that conservatives should just pray and let God decide who the nominee will be. As in, they should pray their votes into the ballot box and see if God counts them himself and whispers the name of the winner into the ear of the people who are supposed to count the votes. I know your faith is important to you as it is to many of us. Do you feel like in this election, we just pray about it and give it to God? And God s going to pick the right candidate? Bure balked at the suggestion and urged conservatives to physically vote at the ballot box for the candidate of their choice.Here s the video via YouTube.But Earhardt s idea should be given a fair chance by conservatives to work, especially if they really believe in the power of prayer and God s will. That s why they should sit at home on November 8th and just pray their vote to God by repeating the name of whichever Republican ends up on the ballot. Not only would conservatives be leaving the fate of the election in God s hands, they wouldn t have to stand in the incredibly long lines their Republican legislatures created by cutting voting hours and polling places.And when the Democrat wins, conservatives should concede that God has spoken and stop whining for at least the next four years while the chosen one does what is best for the American people   even if Republicans don t like it.Featured image via screenshot",0
6685, Jane Sanders Smacks Down Trump’s Idiotic Suggestion That Bernie Betray The Democratic Party (VIDEO),"Donald Trump wants Bernie Sanders to be the Donald Trump of the Democratic race   and that just isn t happening.In a move that suggests Donald Trump is getting more and more worried about his general election chances beyond the primaries, he sent a tweet to his followers that suggested Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders abandon the party and go independent.Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats both with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 26, 2016It s not a surprising suggestion coming from Trump, considering the fact that he has repeatedly threatened to bail on the Republican Party if things didn t go his way in the election. Just last week, Trump said if he lost he would not endorse whoever beat him, opting instead to  never be seen again.  We should be so lucky.But while Trump continues to set fire to the GOP, Jane Sanders threw cold water on Trump s attempt to spread the wildfire to the left. Speaking with CNN s Wolf Blitzer, she emphatically said that her husband would not be running as an independent if he didn t get the nomination..@janeosanders responds to Donald Trump:  Bernie will not be running as an independent  https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/5RLWPlv1zA  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 26, 2016Without blinking, Sanders told Blitzer that  we ve been very clear right from the beginning that we will not play the role of spoiler.  And as if to make it even clearer, added:  Bernie will not be running as an independent. In short, the stakes are just too high. When the alternatives are a bigot like Donald Trump or a  dangerous  anti-government zealot like Ted Cruz, liberals need to unite rather than allow themselves to be divided. As Jane Sanders said, the electoral system may not be perfect, but: We cannot afford a Republican in the White House. We cannot afford a Republican appointing Supreme Court justices. Jane Sanders  comments echo that of President Obama, who recently said it has been a  difficult time for Republicans  (surely an understatement), but things were looking up for Democrats.We have two fine Democratic candidates who, no matter their differences, share this same set of core beliefs that defines our party. And in November, we re going to make sure that one of them becomes our next president.It s clear that there is only one political party in danger of being torpedoed by one of its own candidates, and it s not the Democrats.Featured image via video screen capture/Twitter",0
6686, Watch This NC HB2 Republican Spew Utterly VILE LGBT Hatred: ‘Keep Our State Straight!’ (VIDEO),"Republicans in the state of North Carolina really need to get a better hobby, because legislating hate and constantly disparaging the LGBT community is getting really tired. It s almost as if they have nothing better to do, and they believe hating on people is just so much darn fun.One of the ring leaders of all this hatred is Republican State Senator Buck Newton. He s very proud of the new discriminatory law HB2, which prohibits Transgender individuals from using the proper bathroom. He also doesn t care who thinks he s wrong about the law, because, you know, God. Because his Almighty would apparently want him to discriminate against others based upon misinformed opinions and personal distastes.Now, at a rally in Raleigh, NC, Newton is continuing the charge against the LGBT community. This time even being so bold as to say: Go home, tell your friends and family who had to work today what this is all about and how hard we must fight to keep our state straight. Yep, no beating around the bush, he just came out and said it. He doesn t want any LGBT people in the state of North Carolina.What s even scarier? Newton is the Republican nominee for attorney general.Newton also said: We all know that the folks that wave the rainbow flags and things like that are politically very upset about the way things are today. They re upset about the way things have always been in this state And they re bound and determined to try to change it, whether it s by winning elections in the city of Charlotte on their city council or whether it s wining elections in November in the General Assembly or whether it s winning elections in November for our governor. Good. Hopefully they do.Then, to reiterate his hatred and complete ineptitude of the Trans community, Newton said: Now it s been said that there are many, many, many, many more sexual predators on the sex offender list than there are transgender people. And we can all feel sympathy for folks who are having difficult times, because we all know folks that have a difficult time, whether folks are struggling with drugs, are struggling with their marriages, figuring out what it is that they re supposed to be doing in life. We can all have sympathy for that. But that does not mean that we should expose our wives and our sisters and our children to the sexual predators in the bathrooms. What an asshole. No, seriously. Transgender individuals are not  sexual predators.  However, you know what group of individuals has been caught time and time again with their pants down? Republican men.This hate-speech is merely going to fuel the fire of an already fiery war to combat HB2 and its legislated hatred of LGBT individuals. Businesses have already pulled out, performers refusing to perform, and the entire nation has its eyes on North Carolina and what they plan to do next.This man does not belong in public office, because he is not a public servant, but rather a self-serving prick who writes laws to spread his own fear and hatred. Disgusting.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6687," POWERFUL: Men Read Hate Tweets To Female Sports Writers, What They Say Is Sickening (VIDEO)","In a powerful new web PSA video, female sports writers have some of the hateful tweets directed their way read by male sports fans. The ad was designed to highlight just how over the line online harassment has become for women, who are often the targets.The video features sports writers Sarah Spain and Julie DiCaro.Spain is a columnist for ESPN and has appeared on ESPN radio and on the network s premiere program, SportsCenter. She s written at length about the sexual assault allegations about NFL superstar Peyton Manning, pointing out that  for years the story had been treated with kid gloves. DiCaro is an anchor on a Chicago sports talk station, and has written about rape allegations against NHL player Patrick Kane.For their work, and for simply being women in the male-dominated sports media, Spain and DiCaro regularly face dehumanizing, threatening, sexist comments from men online. The website Just Not Sports worked with the writers to produce this video to highlight the problem   which is often dismissed as casual criticism, but as the video shows, is actually much sicker than that.#MoreThanMean hopes to open guys  eyes   by having them open their mouths. The video shows what happens when real sports fans read real online comments made about women sports reporters   right to their faces.In reading the statements out loud to women journalists, guys are forced to experience, sometimes for the first time, the shocking online harassment happening to women in sports day in, day out. It serves as proof most sports fans would NEVER say these things to another person   so we shouldn t type this garbage, either.The video is a strong example that shows that while relations between men and women have obviously come a long way over the last century, there is a toxic culture that tries to bully women away from issues that some men feel they own.Featured image via YouTube",0
6688, Alabama County Succeeds In Re-Instituting School Segregation,"The Republican-controlled southern states have done very little in recent years to scale back the impact of America s history of racism, from stubbornly supporting the Confederate flag on government property to retorting  All Lives Matter  to the Black Lives Matter movement, as well as dismissing all concerns posed by institutional, systemic, and overt racism prevalent throughout the country.In Sumter County, Alabama, a quarter of the county s children are white, but not a single one of them attends a public school. A report by Dan Carsen of a local NPR affiliate on the county s school district shows the schools are in terrible shape due to neglect and lack of funding precipitated by school segregation. They live in this county, but they will not send their children to the schools in this county,  Sumter School County Board Member Julene Delaine told Dan Carsen in an interview.  Instead, many white families send their kids to a local private academy or outside the area.  We shop in the same place. We eat at the same restaurant. So why can t our kids go to school together? Carsen also reported that while other states provide extra funding to low income school districts, Alabama does not. The state also refuses to increase taxes to compensate for the needed income. Alabama s Republican Governor, Robert Bentley, has gained a notorious reputation for corruption and abuse. He has recently been accused of having an affair with a political aide, increasing pay of his staff substantially despite the state s budget concerns after he blocked a minimum wage increase in the city of Birmingham, and is using over $1 million in taxpayer money to remodel a second Governor s mansion.In contrast to Sumter County s public schools, not a single person of color can be found in photos of Sumter County s  private school, Sumter Academy. The school s website also touts that it is a Christian based learning environment. Under the veil of emphasizing privatization over government ownership and regulation, the Christian Right has been able to succeed in inoculating themselves from having to adhere to federal laws protecting the rights of black people and other marginalized groups.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
6689, Amy Goodman: The Corporate Media Has Created ‘Trump-Land’ (VIDEO),"Democracy Now! host and award-winning journalist Amy Goodman shredded the corporate media for the role they have played in what Goodman refers to as the creation of  Trump-land. Goodman s evisceration of the media s vapid election coverage came in the form of a three-minute video spot for Aljazeera s millennial-focused media project, AJ+. In the video, Goodman points towards the findings in the 2015 Tyndall Report, which found that ABC World News Tonight gave Donald Trump 81 minutes of media coverage for every one minute of coverage of Bernie Sanders  campaign.Across all major news networks, Sanders has received 10 minutes  worth of media coverage compared to Trump s equivalent total network coverage of 234 minutes. As damning as that figure is for the corporate media, it gets worse when considering Sanders  record-shattering accomplishments.Goodman mentions one of Sanders  accomplishments that is particularly relevant in an era where corporate money largely controls elections. In March, he [Sanders] raised something like $44 million dollars. Hillary Clinton raised 29-and-change million dollars. $44 million dollars. That hasn t been done before. You break every record and there s a blip in the corporate media radar screen. It just shows how astounding it would be if he got anything near the coverage of the other candidates. Keep in mind   the vast majority of that cash was raised by small donations from his supporters, which is a feat that would have seemed impossible before the primary election started. Sanders has, for the most part, modeled his campaign funding after Eugene Debs  multiple presidential campaign runs at the beginning of the 20th Century. During those runs, Debs only took small campaign contributions from the working class. Using the digital tools of the modern age, Sanders has proven that the same model can be used effectively to run massive campaigns free from corporate influence. Furthermore, the model can be scaled to fit any campaign at any level.That means that not only has Sanders shattered historical records, but his campaign has completely changed the way political campaigns operate in the future. Given his accomplishments, his call for a political revolution should not be disregarded by the left   nor the right for that matter.It isn t surprising that the corporate media would wish to shy away from these realities. The system that has led to their dominance as super predators in the media environment is the one that secures their hegemony.You can watch the full video below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
6690, Donald Trump Terrorizes His Fans: ‘Lock Your Doors!’ Muslims Are Coming! (VIDEO),"On Monday, it seemed that Donald Trump has given up on his recent effort to act  presidential  and went back to his normal, fear-mongering, bigotry-fueled program at a rally in Rhode Island. Sensing that far too much time had gone by without an anti-Muslim rant, the Republican frontrunner urged his fans to  lock their doors  to stay safe from Syrian refugees that were resettled in the state.Suggesting that these refugees were affiliated with ISIS, Trump warned: Now here s one I don t like. Syrian refugees are now being resettled in Rhode Island. The crowd ate it up and booed the news Trump had just shared as he read off a piece of paper. He continued: We don t know who these people are. We don t know where they re from. We don t know where they re from. They have no documentation. We all have hearts and we can build safe zones in Syria and we ll get the Gulf states to put up the money. We re not putting up the money, but I ll get that done. But you know what? We can t let this happen. But you have a lot of them resettling in Rhode Island. Just enjoy your   lock your doors, folks. It seemed like the crowd didn t really know what to do with this information. Some people laughed, others yelled. Trump shouted: No, it s a big problem! We don t know anything about them. We don t know where they come from, who they are. There s no documentation. We have our incompetent government people letting  em in by the thousands, and who knows, who knows, maybe it s ISIS. Referencing the terrorist attack that happened in San Bernardino, California last December, where it is believed that the two Muslim suspects were inspired by ISIS, Trump added: You see what happens with two people that became radicalized in California where they shot and killed all their coworkers, OK? Not with me, folks. It s not happening with me. You can watch Trump s rant below: Trump is correct that Syrian refugees have been resettled in Rhode Island, but that s the only truth to this horrific rant. Many of these refugees have spent years getting all of their documents together and have endured in-depth interviews and near-flawless background checks before being allowed to enter America.This is just another line on the ever-growing list of disgusting anti-Muslim things Trump has said after he proposed that all Muslims should be banned from entering the United States. Fully aware of the consequences of such hateful rhetoric, President Barack Obama recently called Trump s attitude toward Muslims  dangerous. Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6691, Obama Finally Weighs In On His Vote For President With Explicit Message For Democrats,"If you ve been on the email list for President Obama, as well as the Democratic National Committee, then you probably woke up to an email this morning from the president. For the most part, he s kept quiet in regards to who he would like as the person to come after him as commander-in-chief. There s been speculation, but nothing definitive, and to be honest that s really best. Whoever wins should win on their own merits.However, in the email sent out, President Obama told it like it is. He gets directly to the point and lets us know that we cannot, no matter what, allow a Republican to win the White House. Their divisive and hateful rhetoric is absolutely un-American. Yet, more to the point, the president points out that the Democrats have two fantastic choices, and that no matter what their differences may be, they actually share more in ideology than they disagree.Here s the president s message:In a few months, I ll be heading into the voting booth to cast my vote for the next President of the United States. And, like so many of you, I ve spent this primary observing the candidates and the parties, and what they represent.And I have to say, this has been a difficult period for the Republicans. They re trying to figure out what they re standing for   whether they will be the party of building walls and surveilling neighborhoods, whether they will be the party that enshrines discrimination in our laws.But the good news for Democrats is that we know what we believe. We believe that climate change is real and that we must do something about it. We believe in raising the minimum wage, and that women should be paid the same as men for doing the same job. We believe that our laws should reflect our heritage as a nation of immigrants. We believe that all people should be treated with dignity and respect, no matter their race or religion, gender or sexual orientation.We have two fine Democratic candidates who, no matter their differences, share this same set of core beliefs that defines our party. And in November, we re going to make sure that one of them becomes our next president.Thanks,Barack ObamaHe then asks us to pledge to vote for a Democrat this November and say  you re in.  And while there will definitely be folks who disagree, because they wanted their candidate to win the primary, the bigger picture is what everyone needs to keep in mind.We simply cannot allow a Republican back into the Oval Office. The last time we did (or rather the Supreme Court did), we ended up with two-unfunded wars, one of which was based on lies, and a recession that brought us to the brink of utter collapse. We ve come too far to turn back now.We need to pull together for the good of the nation. Let s listen to President Obama and follow his lead, and come November, vote blue no matter who.Featured Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6692, Hillary Clinton Says Half Her Cabinet Will Be Women If Elected President,"Women make up over 50 percent of this country, but are grossly underrepresented in just about everything. In the United States Congress, more than 80 percent of those representing the people are men   80 percent in the Senate, 81 percent in the House.On the Supreme Court, only three of the nine Justices are women.And yes, even in the progressive Obama Administration, only 13 out of the 47 individuals who have served in his cabinet have been women   28 percent.It is no secret that Washington D.C. is still a hard place for a woman to find her voice. Even though it s been proven statistically that when women take charge of the operations and debates in D.C., stuff gets done quicker in a more bipartisan manner. Still, women aren t taken seriously.But Hillary Clinton, while shattering that glass ceiling herself, wants to shatter it in all aspects of D.C., starting with her cabinet, should she win the presidency.In an MSNBC town hall Monday night, Clinton told viewers that she intends to have her cabinet reflect the demographics of America:Well, I am going to have a Cabinet that looks like America, and 50 percent of America is women. Whether it s in a vice president or members of a Cabinet or in the White House staff, I want as broad a set of experiences that I can possibly draw together, because I m someone who likes to listen to people who come at problems from different perspectives.While Donald Trump accuses her of playing the  woman card,  Clinton is setting in motion a push to make women more equally represented in American society, something Trump would never consider.Should Clinton win, she not only is responsible for her cabinet, but also her appointments to the Supreme Court, which could produce two vacancies in the next four years.But it s this particular election that could be a driving force for women in Congress. Democrats have the opportunity to get out and elect women, from California to Maryland, from New York to Florida.If women are fifty percent of our population, then they deserve equal representation at every level, and Clinton seems to definitely be on board with making sure that happens if she were to become president.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6693," Watch Chris Christie Awkwardly Dance At Springsteen Show, Ignoring That The Singer Hates Him","New Jersey Governor Chris Christie loves Bruce Springsteen. The feeling is not mutual.Christie took time out of shilling for Donald Trump to attend a recent Springsteen concert in Brooklyn and while he appeared to have a great time playing air drums over the hits, you could cut the tension with a knife. Over the years, the governor has been repeatedly called out by Springsteen for his heartless policies and pathological hatred of New Jersey s poor. It s gotten so bad in the last few years, that Christie did the  ultimate betrayal    he said his new favorite singer was Bon Jovi.Despite the stab in the back, Christie was seen rocking out in Brooklyn   and it was awkward. Trapped: The Saga of Chris Christie and the George Washington Bridge  pic.twitter.com/gddbEZN0ju  Jon Schwartz (@jonlschwartz1) April 26, 2016If his dance moves were noticeable, so too was the fact that Springsteen loathes Christie. The legendary New Jersey singer has reportedly banned Christie from using his songs at his campaign events (a claim Christie vehemently denies, yet adheres to) and has penned an op-ed slamming Christie s devastating budget cuts. The cuts are eating away at the lower edges of the middle class, not just those already classified as in poverty, and are likely to continue to get worse over the next few years. A few years later, Springsteen would join Jimmy Fallon in mocking Christie for  Bridgegate. Christie s latest political antics aren t doing him any favors either. Endorsing Trump, widely seen as a cynical move meant to land him a job in a future Trump administration, and while Springsteen has stayed mostly out of politics in this election so far, there is certainly no love lost between Donald Trump and Bruce Springsteen. Trump was fighting with him all the way back in 2012. (Note: Romney went on to lose Ohio. Badly.)Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 19, 2012It s no secret that conservative politicians have a celebrity problem. While Democrats fight over A-listers (Clinton gets George Clooney, Bernie Sanders gets Spike Lee), Trump s endorsements read like a casting call for Celebrity Big Brother   D-list celebs, reality tv show stars, Duck Dynasty guys, Dennis Rodman.No wonder, they rail against Hollywood so much   Hollywood wants nothing to do with them. And sorry Christie, neither does Bruce Springsteen.Featured image via Twitter",0
6694, Ted Cruz Doesn’t Want Transgender People To Pee Unless They’re At Home (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is trying to differentiate himself from Republican front runner Donald Trump by any means possible. Recently, Trump shocked everyone by calling controversial anti-trans bathroom bills  discriminatory  and stating that transgender individuals should be allowed to use whatever bathroom they feel corresponds to their identity. Meanwhile, Cruz has decided to go the complete opposite way as his rival, ramping up the bigotry. His latest comments are transphobia at its worst.While in Indiana last weekend, Cruz was filmed talking about his bathroom policies, making it perfectly clear that he is on board with divisive anti-trans bathroom legislation. Despite that fact that no trans person has ever attacked anyone in a bathroom, Cruz insisted that the only bathrooms trans people should be able to use are the ones in their own homes. The Texas senator told reporters: Every one of us has the right to live our lives as we wish. Then, Cruz s lack of intelligence resulted in an epic contradiction. If any one of us wants to dress up as a woman or man and wants to live as woman or man and believes that we might be something other than what we were born, God has made each of us with free will and the ability to choose to do that if man to wants to dress as a woman, and live as a woman, and have a bathroom at home. A reporter clarified with the presidential hopeful, So, then they shouldn t use the bathroom out in public? Yes, exactly. Cruz drove his bigoted point home: You don t have a right to intrude upon the rights of others because whether or not a man believes he s a woman, there are a lot of women who would like to be able to use a public restroom in peace without having a man there   and when there are children involved, you don t have a right to impose your lifestyle on others. Here s the video, courtesy of the American Bridge:Cruz has definitely amped up his anti-trans rhetoric over the last few days. The GOPer recently released an ad about transgender people using public restrooms with the message  it s not appropriate, it s not safe  and has also made anti-trans jokes insulting Donald Trump. In the same weekend that this awful video was taken, Cruz called transgender protections  political correctness on steroids. Cruz has also voiced his support for North Carolina s bathroom laws, which prevent transgender people from using the restroom they re most comfortable with.If you care anything for the LGBT community and their right to freedom, Ted Cruz is definitely making himself out to be one of the community s biggest threats.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
6695, Clinton Supporter Claims Credit For Multiple Bernie Facebook Groups Being Taken Down (IMAGES),"Sure, we get it you trolled them teehee. Trolling is fun. Trolling for a cause is even more fun. Liberal trolling is a fantastic world full of wonderful people who come together to attack ultra-conservative pages still calling for Obama s execution and to expose the stupidity of the right to as many young people as possible. What you don t find in the world of liberal trolls are trolls who troll each other.This election, things have gone poorly for the mud-slinging internet portion of our Democratic primaries, who have taken to the field of battle on flat screens with mouse in hand and keyboard at the ready. This thing called Bernie Sanders happened, and a lot of people got on board. I got on board. I m still on board. If he wins I ll happily usher him into the White House. If he loses, I ll support former First Lady, Senator and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. That eliminates me from contention in the ridiculous war between the extremist camps of both of these campaigns.Bernie or Bust, which is the dumbest political philosophy of all time, was born of those who are yet to belong to a party for real but want to vote for Bernie no matter what. It s a die-hard movement that will die hard once the reality of a Donald Trump presidency hits America. On the flip-side, you have the  Hil-Bots,  who are now infiltrating Bernie Sanders support groups on Facebook with an age-old trolling technique that works to have a group removed, if only temporarily. By becoming members and posting lewd pictures, groups of them could then report the images to Facebook, whose automated system will take the page down and refer it to a human being for review.While the groups are back up, it was still just a nasty little trick. What makes this worse is that these are liberals fighting with liberals. Once we start trolling our own we turn into the fractured right. Conservative groups and pages are divided over Trump vs Cruz. If we could have been the adults in the room, we could have taken advantage of that while our candidates had an issues-driven campaign.Instead, what we have are violent groups of internet pranksters, ready to shake things up by inconveniencing Bernie supporters for a few hours, causing them to get their  Hillary is a crook  memes from somewhere else. Honestly, we really should be above this.Casey there is awfully proud of herself. You can see the whole discussion where she confesses in a piece on U.S. Uncut. It will be nice, from a troll s point of view, when the primaries are over and reality sets in. Whether you re Bernie or Bust or a die-hard Hil-Bot, you re going to learn that we have two excellent candidates for president. Their roles started out as expected, with Sanders pushing Clinton further to the left and Clinton becoming a better candidate for it. Then something happened, and people like me who thought they would support Hillary no matter what when it was our consolation prize in 2014 after the Democalypse. We like Sanders, we d love to see the radical change he s talking about. He s exciting, and real, and extremely fair. I m proud to have been a part of something in American politics that special.On the other hand, Hillary Clinton isn t some consolation prize. She s the most qualified person in the room. She s the only one of the candidates ever to spend significant time in the Oval Office, and while Republicans occupied it she sat on the Senate. Her reputation as a progressive voter has some of the realities of life attached to it. She s been a politician and a businesswoman all of her life. She has relationships with people that couldn t possibly be considered a bad thing when a call from her becomes a request from the White House. If Hillary Clinton wins the nomination and you stay home because internet memes have convinced you how horrible she is, you weren t a Democrat to begin with.Anyone who thinks that the Republicans should win out of spite doesn t appreciate what handing all three branches of government to the GOP would do to this country. That s the real fight. Please stop bickering about superdelegates, rigged voting machines, tax returns and urine samples and focus on Removing as many Republicans from office while simultaneously providing a landslide victory for our eventual nominee.Featured image via Facebook/Getty Images ",0
6696, Watch Hillary Clinton And Rachel Maddow Brilliantly Handle Protester Who Disrupted MSNBC’s Town Hall,"On Monday evening, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders both sat down with Rachel Maddow for a town hall style interview to try to pick up any undecided voters who may be left before Tuesday s primaries. During Clinton s interview, a protester interrupted to yell out a question, but instead of becoming irritated, Hillary and Rachel handled the protestor with the dignity they deserved.A female protester stood up and yelled something about women in immigration detention. Now, if this had happened in a Republican town hall meeting, the women would have been immediately escorted out and possibly beaten if Trump s supporters were there. None of that happened here. Rather than treat the women like an annoyance, Maddow repeated the woman s question and Clinton answered it.The transcript from MSNBC documented the incident:QUESTION: (OFF MIKE) the lives of the women that are (inaudible) right now?MADDOW: This is outside of our forum (ph). Let me just rephrase the question for you. Tell me if I get it right. Asking about women and families in family   immigration detention facilities.CLINTON: Yes, I m against that. Absolutely I m against that. I ve been against it for a long time. I ve said we should have family detention. We should end private prisons and private detention centers. They are wrong. We should end raids and roundups, and when I am president we are going to get comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship. So we will end all of these problems at the time we are successful.By taking the protester seriously and not becoming angry, Hillary Clinton showed the audience (both at the venue and at home) that she cares about the issues that are weighing on the voters in this country. She could have just ignored this woman, but she showed her the respect she deserved by giving her an answer to the question she yelled out. And it wasn t a bullshit answer just to shut her up, it was clearly something she has thought about and wants to fix.Hillary Clinton acted presidential last night and it was great.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6697, Crazed Cop Caught On Camera Breaking Man’s Leg Over A Single Walmart Tomato (VIDEO),"A police officer in Atlanta has been caught on camera breaking the leg of a man during an altercation over a single tomato at a Walmart store.According to reports and the video evidence, Tyrone Carnegay is approached by Officer Trevor King as he goes to leave the store, after a manager accused him of stealing a single tomato. Before any apparent reaction from Carnegay, Officer King begins beating him repeatedly with his baton. Carnage hits the deck without retaliating.The beating was so severe that Officer King broke two bones in Carnegay s leg and ruptured an artery. He needed to be hospitalized and have a titanium rod implanted in his leg. He also remained handcuffed throughout his time at hospital, despite being the victim and not the perpetrator of an attack.He was later charged with simple battery against police and willful obstruction of law enforcement officers   and jailed for three days.It wasn t until the video of the attack was produced, along with the receipt for Carnegay s purchase of the tomato (which was in his pocket the entire time), that Carnegay was released and the charges dropped.Had Officer King simply asked him to produce the receipt before attacking Carnegay, the matter would have been cleared up in a moments. He is now taking up legal proceedings against local law enforcement for the injuries he sustained in the brutal attack. He told WSB-TV: As he s grabbing me, he s beating me at the same time, [saying]  Get on the ground, Beating me at the same time. Carnegay s attorney, Craig Jones added: The officer went into Robocop mode and beat the crap out of him, Officer King needed only to ask a simple question of Tyrone Carnegay, to establish whether or not he had purchased the tomato. Instead, he opted to launch a frenzied attack with zero provocation. If anyone should be languishing behind bars right now, it is him.Featured image via screengrab",0
6698, Glenn Beck’s Bullsh*t Defense Of Bigoted Bathroom Bills Is Pure Stupidity (AUDIO),"Glenn Beck has shared his opinion on the bigoted Bathroom Bill in North Carolina which forces transgender people to use toilets contrary to their gender identity. Beck s bullsh*t defense of the plans is just about the stupidest thing you ll hear all day   and we re in an election cycle.Beck argues that his support of the bathroom bills popping up across the nation s red states is absolutely nothing to do with bigotry and transphobia. According to Beck: It has nothing to do with hate. It has everything to do with common sense. But we have detached from common sense. He then, of course, launches into the same entirely hateful, ignorant, fear-mongering which Ted Cruz and Curt Schilling have engaged in during the course of the debate. He creates the specter of his young daughter being confronted by a man pretending to be a woman in the bathroom   invoking primal fear. Beck and others state is as a fact that this will happen all the time without a bathroom bill, despite the sum total of zero cases to date.But Beck is far from alone in his stupidity.Curt Schilling was recently fired by ESPN after sharing a Facebook post in support of the anti-transgender bill passed in North Carolina. The post consisted of an image, featuring a man in a wig, his T-shirt cut to expose breasts, and a bizarre black outfit of women s clothing. The image was accompanied by text which read: LET HIM IN! to the restroom with your daughter or else you re a narrow-minded, judgmental, unloving racist bigot who needs to die. Former player Schilling then added: A man is a man no matter what they call themselves. I don t care what they are, who they sleep with, men s room was designed for the penis, women s not so much. Now you need laws telling us differently? Pathetic. ESPN later issued a statement claiming Schilling s  unacceptable conduct  violated their policy of inclusiveness: ESPN is an inclusive company. Curt Schilling has been advised that his conduct was unacceptable and his employment with ESPN has been terminated. GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has also come out in support for the bills on the same bigoted basis. Cruz told ABC News Saturday: There is no greater evil than predators and if the law says that any man, if he chooses can enter a women s restroom, a little girl s restroom and stay there and he cannot be removed because he simply says at that moment he feels like a woman, you re opening the door for predators. However, using a caricature of a cross-dressing predator to invoke fear about transgender people using the gender identity appropriate bathroom is plain bigotry. One could just as readily argue the opposite, as transgender men did en masse with the hashtag Using the hashtag #WeJustNeedToPee. Bearded transgender men posted pictures of themselves in the women s bathroom, next to women entering cubicles and doing their makeup.Michael Hughes, from Minnesota, posted the picture below, asking:  Do I look like I belong in a women s bathroom?Under the North Carolina law, Michael would be legally compelled to use the women s bathrooms   despite the fact that he would clearly cause some degree of confusion and worry by doing so.Surely the long-term answer is to remove the gender apartheid from toilets altogether? Plenty of countries around the world do just fine using mixed bathrooms. Why not us?Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
6699, Missouri GOP Throws Away $8.3 Million To Block Planned Parenthood From Getting $400K,"In a growing trend to keep backwards-thinking idiots voting on the issues that really matter, like a woman s right not just to choose but her right to accessible, affordable healthcare, the GOP is going to even more ridiculous lengths than ever to enshrine their antiquated beliefs into law. Between that and teaching your children to love God and worship him like the founders intended and making sure what happens in your personal life is regulated by overwhelmingly Christian beliefs, the zealots of the right have their hands full. To prove they can be bought with taxpayer money, Missouri Republicans are willing to spend $8.3 million so Planned Parenthood doesn t get $400K.It s so simple it s stupid, which is why it s the perfect play for the GOP. First, you decline all federal funding for healthcare costs associated with women s health care, which in this case is $8.3 million. You then take that money, less the cut intended for Planned Parenthood and anyone else who performs abortions and pay it out of the state s general fund. Go ahead and tack it on the deficit. You can call it the cost of saving lives you ll complain about having to feed. Considering abortions aren t funded with a single federal dollar unless a life is in imminent danger, this really shouldn t matter, but it does.Missouri is spending $8.3 million to block Planned Parenthood from receiving about $400k in federal funds https://t.co/e1drx0WFRH  Reid Wilson (@ConsultReid) April 25, 2016Planned Parenthood and other local women s health clinics that offer abortion also offer pelvic screening, cancer screening, STD screening and family planning services. Every dollar of the $400K cut is taken from those programs because federal dollars can t pay for abortions unless someone s life is at risk. So at great cost to the taxpayer, great cost to the community and without a second thought about how dumb a move this is, Republicans are applauding a victory over that evil Planned Parenthood.In the end, they ve shot themselves in the foot. Healthy, informed women starting at a young age have a huge effect on the teen pregnancy rate, which in turn has a huge effect on the public assistance rolls. Trying to destroy Planned Parenthood over some bogus videos, knowing that the funding you re blocking doesn t cover what you re opposed to and allowing your lie to cost the people $8 million to perpetrate are all signs of desperate people preying on the emotions of pro-lifers. We know them as Republicans.Senator Kurt Schaefer (R), who heads the state s appropriations committee, said that Planned Parenthood is free to do whatever it wants, but that the taxpayer wasn t going to pay for it anymore. That statement is mostly true if you consider that the taxpayer wasn t paying for it to begin with. The taxpayer will still be paying the health care costs for those women who need it, but it will be coming from state revenue and not federal dollars already allocated that your legislature TURNED DOWN. It s so sad when an idea backfires so bad that there s nothing to do but hold an entire party to blame.Featured image from LifeNews.com",0
6700," Anonymous Group Hacks KKK Website, Causes Total Shutdown","Internet hacktivist collective Anonymous is not to be f*cked with. While they are huge supporters of free speech and freedom of expression, what they are not huge supporters of is organized hate. Therefore, it should be no surprise that they have used a DDoS attack to take down a website belonging to one of the oldest hate groups in America: the Klu Klux Klan. As of this writing, the Loyal White Knights of the KKK website is still inaccessible.The group was questioned regarding their insistence that the Klan does not deserve to spread their message online, despite their adamant position that everyone deserves a voice. They told Hackread: We targeted the KKK [because] we believe in free speech but their form of beliefs is monolithic and evil. We stand for constitutional rights but they want anyone who is not Caucasian removed from earth so we targeted the KKK official website to show love for our boots on the ground and to send a message that all forms of corruption will be fought. We are not fascist but we certainly do not agree with the KKK movement. They are the Fascists and they are the Racists. Anonymous is right, of course. Free speech is one thing, while hate speech is quite another. The Klan, the Aryan Nation, and other racist hate groups incite violence and mayhem at every turn, resulting in the terrorizing of minority communities, violence against said communities, and sometimes even death. They are also responsible for the crime of creating new generations of bigots among impressionable youth, and they keep systemic bigotry going and help continue its perpetuation as an integral part of the society in which we live.The Klan is a group that should not be allowed to exist. However, since the Constitution forbids the government s disbanding of such hateful organizations, we must have groups that counter their disgusting messages of bigotry. If that includes hacking their websites and disallowing the spreading of their hate via the interwebs, then so be it.Good going, Anonymous. Keep up the good work.Featured image via JEAN-CHRISTOPHE VERHAEGEN /Getty Images ",0
6701, How A Federal Judge Just Helped Republicans In A Key Swing State,"Republicans were just given a leg up over Democrats in this fall s presidential election in the battleground state of North Carolina, and they have a judge put in place by George W. Bush to thank for it.Federal judge Thomas D. Schroeder decided in favor of Republican legislators in court on Monday, letting a controversial voter ID law stay in place despite strong objections from civil rights groups.Research on Voter ID laws have shown that these laws are often a reliable way for Republican conservatives to cut down on voters that often vote for Democrats, especially minorities and young voters.The judge, Thomas D. Schroeder of Federal District Court in Winston-Salem, wrote near the end of his 485-page opinion that  North Carolina has provided legitimate state interests for its voter ID requirement and electoral system. North Carolina s voter identification law requires people to display one of six credentials, such as a driver s license or passport, before casting a ballot. Those who cannot may complete a  reasonable impediment declaration  and cast a provisional ballot.Schroeder was officially put in place on January 8, 2008, at the beginning of George W. Bush s last year in office.The North Carolina law also banned same-day registration, cut down on the amount of days available for early voting, and stops 16 and 17-year-olds from preregistering to vote.An expert testified at the trial that the law was designed in a way to put extra burden on black and Latino voters. Republican legislators and the state s GOP governor Pat McCrory deny the claim.In 2012, a Republican Pennsylvania State House leader bragged that that state s voter ID laws would  allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania  (he didn t), while recently a Republican congressman from Wisconsin said voter ID would make the state   which has recently voted for Democrats   competitive in the fall for Republicans.President Obama won North Carolina in 2008 by 0.32% then lost it in 2012 by 2.04%. Polling in March showed the race in North Carolina effectively a toss-up between the Democratic and Republican presidential front runners.Featured image via Flickr",0
6702," Polls Show Millennials Hate Trump, Would Overwhelmingly Back Clinton","The notion that millennials are stupid, spoiled, uninformed voters who only care about themselves was shredded today after a new poll from the Harvard Institute of Politics showed millennial voters would overwhelmingly back Hillary Clinton in a general election matchup with Donald Trump.Collecting responses from over three thousand 18-29 year old voters showed Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton would garner 60 percent to Trump s 25 percent, an astonishing 36 point lead, while 14 percent remain undecided.So, in other words, the  selfish, uninformed, spoiled  millennials wouldn t back the actual selfish, spoiled, uninformed Republican front-runner. Go figure.Not only do millenials overall have a highly unfavorable view of Trump overall, he isn t all that popular amongst young Republicans, either. His bombastic, hateful nature has rubbed some young Republicans the wrong way:Overall, 60 percent of millennials want to see a Democrat occupy the White House in 2017, up five points from last year, while 40 percent want a Republican. It seems even Republicans aren t so keen on having a racist, sexist, bombastic blowhard being their commander-in-chief. When it comes to sheer image, Trump s favorability is negative 57 percent (17 percent favorable, 74 percent unfavorable).According to Politico:Harvard IOP polling director John Della Volpe told reporters Monday that Trump is playing a similar role in helping the Democratic nominee as former President George W. Bush did during Barack Obama s 2008 campaign. I don t think there s a question about that,  he said,  and there s a lot of evidence that suggests that that s the case. The day has come when Donald Trump is more hated than George W. Bush. Democrats didn t even have to do anything. Congratulations, GOP, you built that.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6703, Ted Cruz Gets Confronted By A Furious Trump Supporter And It Doesn’t Go Well (VIDEO),"Ever since his devastating, humiliating loss to Ted Cruz in Colorado, Donald Trump has been whining and moaning about the delegate process in a number of states, accusing the system of being crooked. And just when he s been a little more silent on the issue, his supporters have decided to take up for him.On Monday, Ted Cruz was confronted by one of Trump s angry supporters while at a campaign stop in Indiana. Nearly as soon as he stepped off his campaign bus, Trump fan Kathy Hiel approached and accused the Texas senator of playing establishment games and rigging the system, which Cruz denied. The GOPer tried to remain civil in the face of pure idiocy, maintaining that the grassroots operations that were in place in states such as Colorado to win delegates were the  exact opposite of the establishment. Cruz also reminded Hiel that Trump was funding the Gang of 8, which Hiel dismissed, claiming that a few thousand  isn t funding much of anything.  Cruz pointed out that he hadn t given anything.Hiel wasn t having it, and the exchange got heated. As Hiel s attitude escalated, Cruz had to keep his distance and tell her,  I ll have a respectful conversation with you.  You can watch the confrontation below:WATCH: @tedcruz has heated exchange with Trump supporter over delegate process: https://t.co/1bYiZ9lTn0https://t.co/jkT4BVN71A  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) April 25, 2016The exchange ended pretty much the way Trump would have ended an argument with Cruz: by Hiel saying that Cruz wasn t a natural-born citizen. Cruz made sure to point out that if the tables had been turned and it was Trump being challenged by a voter about delegates, violence would have have likely ensued.After this confrontation, Hiel was interviewed by ABC News and criticized Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich for recently joining forces to try and defeat Trump. Bashing the two candidates  alliance and attempt to save the Republican party, Hiel said: With the collusion of Ted and the Republican Party and John Kasich I feel that they should   both men should just step out. They re just doing nothing but trying to hurt the front-runner when they actually don t have a chance of winning. Featured image is a screenshot",0
6704," ‘Big Government Tyranny’ Once Again Saves Ted Cruz’s Beloved Texas, Obama Approves Disaster Aid","Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is busy criss-crossing the nation to spread his message of small government fanaticism, but his own state just got a lesson in why the federal government isn t just important, it can be lifesaving.While Cruz spent his time making offensive jokes about trans people this week, Texas has been hit with a horrific run of severe weather. Many areas of the state, particularly in Harris County, have seen their homes and jobs literally washed away in major flooding. The severe weather, which saw parts of major cities like Houston and Austin go underwater, is estimated to cost over $5 billion.Cruz, whose typical response to tragedy involves tweeting  thoughts and prayers  to the victims, has offered little else. Meanwhile, President Obama and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) have gotten to work. This week, Obama approved federal disaster relief funding to the parts of Texas affected by the flooding.Federal assistance can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses, and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster. The presidential disaster declaration, which includes all of Harris County, allows FEMA and other federal agencies to begin providing relief to individuals affected by this most recent flood. Harris County continues to work with local nonprofit and volunteer organizations to provide immediate relief,  said Harris County Judge Ed Emmett.Cruz, of course, famously voted against giving similar aid to New Jersey after Hurricane Sandy (which may explain why New Jersey Governor Chris Christie wanted nothing to do with endorsing Cruz for president). His logic was that states should be left on their own, and federal aid was little more than government overreach. Citing the potential aid package s extra funding for other government projects   a standard procedure   Cruz said at the time: This bill is symptomatic of a larger problem in Washington   an addiction to spending money we do not have. The United States Senate should not be in the business of exploiting victims of natural disasters to fund pork projects that further expand our debt. Some of the  pork projects  included funding scientific research into extreme weather events that scientists had hope to be able to help states avoid future disasters. Or as Cruz calls it  wasteful spending. Despite Cruz s adherence to strict  no hand outs  when it came to other states, Texas being a massive state with tens of millions of people and lots of potential disasters has always stuck out its own hand when it came time for help.The recent onslaught of floods in Texas come at a bad time for Cruz politically. It certainly undermines his nearly pathological aversion to the federal government. It might be just the thing to remind people that Ted Cruz infamously shut down the very government that they are now counting on to help them rebuild after a horrific natural disaster. Suddenly reading  Green Eggs and Ham  on the Senate floor to avoid funding the government doesn t seem so noble, does it?Featured image via Adam Berry/Getty Images ",0
6705, Caitlyn Jenner’s Friends Call Out Her Hypocrisy To Her Face For Supporting Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"When choosing a candidate for president it s probably a smart idea to choose someone who will best have your back on any number of issues. What s not smart is supporting a candidate who calls you names, tells you how disgusting you are, and publicly humiliates you. Yet, Caitlyn Jenner still seems to want to support Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz despite the fact that he is so utterly outspoken against the Transgender community.Jenner has been a Republican for a very long time and still hasn t been able to wrap her head around the fact that she is supporting not only the worst party for her own cause, but also the absolute worst candidate within that party in regards to Transgender rights and protections.In the latest episode of her reality show I Am Cait, Jenner s friends called out this blinding hypocrisy to her face. During the show, they showed the women sitting around listening to the fact that Ted Cruz is asking for the Houston, Texas HERO Act (which guarantees rights to the LGBT community) to be repealed. And while Jenner brushed it off as Cruz just being  totally misinformed,  her friends told her, in so many words, that you can t be a supporter of LGBT rights and a supporter of Ted Cruz at the same time.A Cruz presidency would be devastating to the LGBT community on so many levels, and could turn back the clock on all the progress that has been made over the past decade. We cannot allow that to happen. We ve come so far, and we have so much further to go. No matter who, vote blue.Watch the clip here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6706, Woman Who Wants To Control Texas Education Thinks Preschool Makes Kids Gay (IMAGE),"There s currently a woman who wants to be selected to serve on the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE). Her name is Mary Lou Bruner, and she s about as far-right in ideology as one could ever seem to imagine. She s an ultra-right-wing  Christian  conservative who believes heavily in conspiracy theories, and her latest theory is just a bonkers as all her others.According to Evan Smith of the Texas Tribune, Bruner is now putting out the theory that preschool programs are a plot to make children gay. Not only that, but to also turn kids against their parents who  do not accept Islam and gay marriage. Smith, who seems to have access to the SBOE hopeful s private account, tweeted out a screen-capture of Bruner s Facebook post declaring this absurd theory. In the post, Bruner said: The GLBTQ agenda is one of the big reasons the liberals want 3-year-old and 4-year-old children to attend public school Pre-K programs. The federal government wants to indoctrinate the little children, teaching them a homosexual marriage is just as good as a marriage with a father and a mother. The federal government wants to push its socialistic and multicultural agenda onto these impressionable litter children who believe anything they are told.Children who get government indoctrination in Pre-K are going to become confused about their sexuality, and they are going to become rebellious because the government curriculum plans to tell the children not to listen to their parents if their parents tell them something different. The government curriculum plans to tell the little children their parents are ignorant, and they don t understand because of the way the parents were taught. Or the little children will be told their parents are bigoted because they do not accept Islam and gay marriage. Likely #SBOE member Mary Lou Bruner: pre-K is feds indoctrinating kids to make them sexually confused #txlege pic.twitter.com/ngMtsOq1S3  Evan Smith (@evanasmith) April 22, 2016The fact that this woman is running for the Texas State Board of Education and could very well have influence over what is taught is absolutely terrifying. Bruner is clearly a few sandwiches short of a picnic.Newsflash to Bruner: you re not taught to be gay, and teaching acceptance and love of others is actually the Christian thing to do. As a person who was raised in a very evangelical Christian home and is also a lesbian, let me tell you, if you re taught to be gay, where the hell did I learn it? The only learned behavior Bruner is promoting is wanting to teach kids to be discriminatory, vindictive, and hateful of anyone who doesn t fit her definition of how to live one s life.Bruner needs to stay as far away from educational decisions as possible. She needs to keep her crazy conspiracy theories within the confines of her own home. She s truly what is actually dangerous, not kids getting early childhood education. For goodness sake.Featured Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
6707, Christian Lawyer Threatens Transgender Women With Gun Violence If They Use Same Bathroom As Her,"Years of lugging guns around in public places   such as supermarkets   have resulted in zero terrorist plots thwarted. As such, ammosexuals have had to find a fresh new reason to make sure they are armed to the teeth every time they go outside of their homes. This time, the threat is only  Isis  if that s the name of a transgender woman who happens to be in a public restroom.Christian Extremist and president of a theocratic law group named The Liberty Council Anita Staver has declared to the internet that she will be carrying a firearm with her every time she uses the bathroom in public from now on.Staver took to Twitter to make her formal declaration of pseudo-vigilantism.I'm taking a Glock .45 to the ladies room. It identifies as my bodyguard. #BoycottTarget @Target  Liberty Lawyer (@AnitaStaver) April 22, 2016There are reasons to be concerned with this statement, one being that she thinks her gun identified itself as something. This sounds like she thinks her gun is both self-aware and talks to her. The other more obvious one is not only her threat against transgender women but the tacit approval and advocacy for this behavior in other individuals.Anita has been sharing bathrooms, whether she wants to admit it or not, with transgender people for decades now   just like every other self-appointed member of the new American bathroom police. Only since Republicans made it fresh and new again has bathroom usage in America become the greatest domestic security threat of our generation.To give you a little context, Anita is married to Mat Staver, who is the head of Kim Davis s legal team. That would be the same Kim Davis that the right wing glorified for violating her duties and refusing to issue licenses for same-sex marriages. These people are nothing short of walking hate machines towards LGBT individuals, which explains the irrational bathroom paranoia.Staver s comments come on the heels of a conservative group hissyfit over commercial interests, such as Target department stores, openly accepting the LGBT community and allowing them to use whatever bathroom suits them best. As more companies and franchises join the ranks of Target here with the rest of civilized society in the year 2016, it s logical to assume more right-wing theocrats will be taking weapons into those bathrooms.After all, having paranoid people carrying guns in a confined and densely populated room with only a single exit is FAR less dangerous than a transgender woman who just wants to pee. Right?Featured image via Twitter",0
6708, Cher Just Went Nuclear On Trump In Incredible Twitter Rant (TWEETS),"It s probably not very controversial to say that Donald Trump has an image problem. Sure, the Republican base turn up to his rallies to be turned on by his xenophobia, but his electability in a general election is an entirely different matter. In some of the latest polls done on Trump s favorability, the Republican front-runner is the most hated politician since post-Watergate Richard Nixon. When it comes to Trump, most of the country falls somewhere between  actively loathe  and  hate with a passion. This is due, in large part, to the fact that the very stuff that helps him in the primaries   anti-immigrant bashing, open bigotry, violence against minorities at his rallies   repulse everyone else. In short, if you aren t the guy literally dressed as a wall at a Trump rally, you probably hate him.This guy attended a recent Trump rally dressed ""as the wall"" pic.twitter.com/AaF9TfBFSC  Pigeon Today (@PigeonToday) April 15, 2016To address this glaring problem, Trump s campaign has been quietly pivoting from  Our candidate, the bigot  to a supposedly softer tone that presents Trump as more  presidential.  In a recording made to a group of Republican insiders, Trump s campaign manager Paul Manafort said Trump s  part  would be evolving.The part he s been playing is evolving into the part of that you ve been expecting but he wasn t ready for it because he had the first phase. You ll start to see more depth to the person, the real person. You ll see him in a different way.Are you buying that? Singer and firebrand Cher sure wasn t. On Twitter, she gave Trump and his  changing tone  the brutal beatdown it deserved.TRUMP JUST SAID,ALL THESE MONTHS HES BEEN ACTING,PLAYING A PART 2APPEAL 2A BASE THAT HES BEEN TRICKING?IS HE GOING 2 PRETEND 2B HUMAN NOW?  Cher (@cher) April 21, 2016Trump Says he's BEEN ""ACTING""In Front Of His Followers.He Couldn't Have Gotten SO MANY PPL AT RALLIES,IF HIS PPL KNEW WHO HE REALLY WAS  Cher (@cher) April 21, 2016WONDER IF TRUMPSUPPORTERS KNOW YET, THAT HE WAS ONLY ""ACTING""AT HIS RALLIES HE KNEW JUST HOW 2 SUCK EM IN?""THE ART OF THE DOUBLE DEAL""  Cher (@cher) April 22, 2016Cher   emojis and all   brings up an inconvenient truth for Trump s followers. The man they adore is either pandering to their racism because he knows it will get them going, or he is lying now about ever changing. Neither option is a  good  one. Both suggest Trump is a manipulator and untrustworthy.The singer also seems to think Trump s  real  image isn t the presidential, mature one his campaign is now suggesting. She has a little reminder.Trump?says past monthsWe're just PART he was playing,projecting FAKE image.He REALLY LOVES WOMEN&""BLACKS""?HE WAS 1ST BIRTHER&MUSLIM OBAMA  Cher (@cher) April 23, 2016The Trump who once said he would spend almost any amount of money to  prove  President Obama was a Kenyan Muslim, now wants us to believe he is really a mature, intelligent guy. It may just work on his supporters, but the rest of the country? They re with Cher.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6709, Right Wing Drudge Report Calls Beyoncé An ‘Urban Terrorist’ Because Racism Is Dead In America,"Beyonc  is already a favorite target of hate for the right-wing because she s: A. Black B. A woman C. Rich D. Powerful E. Not ashamed of being black and F. Did I mention she s black? But the so-racist-it-might-as-well-be-Stormfront Drudge Report took Beyonc  hating to a new low because of the  Hold Up  music video released over the weekend.Off of the album  Lemonade,  Hold Up is a suuuuuper angry song and video dealing with Beyonc s very justifiable rage at her husband Jay-Z for cheating on her. In the video, she takes a bat and smashes the crap out of stuff. It s not entirely clear why this is controversial in the slightest. Anyone who s been cheated on wants to smash everything around them; it s a perfectly natural reaction to that kind of hurt and betrayal. So, of course, Drudge Report responded to it like this: Urban,  of course, is a right-wing dog whistle for  ni**er  but why a  terrorist?  Oh, right, because Beyonc  supports Black Lives Matter and had the nerve to recognize black history during the Super Bowl so anything she does these days is scary to the poor, persecuted white minority of America.The article Drudge links to is just as tasteless, shoehorning in President Obama and soon-to-be-president Hillary Clinton by lamenting that Obama, previously a fan,  may be changing his policy on Beyonc .  Because only white people are allowed to be angry or something. When black people do it, they re out of control and savages. Didn t you know that already?Later, the article comments on Beyonc s album about being cheated on and forgiving her husband by saying:Indeed, all of  Lemonade  appears to be Beyonc  saying she s made lemonade from lemons  meaning she s somehow stuck it out in a bad marriage despite lying and infidelity. That sounds more like the Clintons  story than the Obamas .HAHAHAHAHAHAH! That didn t feel forced at all. Even a little.Now, if Beyonc had gone out and actually smashed people s cars in a rage instead of channeling her anger into a creatively destructive music video, OK, fine, call her names. But for the love of all that s holy, it s a MUSIC VIDEO. I know Drudge makes money by feeding the hate and rage of the right-wing but this is a stretch, even for them.By the way, if you want to see Beyonce get righteous with a bat, you ll have to go to TIDAL and sign up for a free trial.Featured image via Getty",0
6710," Christian Nutjobs: ‘Eliminate Evolution, It’s A Religion!’ Federal Court: LOL","In the interest of wasting as much time and energy as possible pushing their religious beliefs into anything and everything you do, the Christian right has had its case heard that you can t teach sciencey stuff like evolution if you can t teach the reality of creation. Creation can be proven because it s in a book, you see, that was written by God through the vessel of man he created whereas evolution is just a silly collection of data about things we ve learned by going out and looking.Since creation is the only viable explanation but our government won t allow it in schools, the next necessary step to keeping our children as uneducated as possible is to see that nobody teach anything at all. Ignorance is bliss. That was, at least, what the Citizens for Objective Public Education, or COPE, hoped would happen when they argued to a federal district court that teaching evolution and the way man has come to understand his own ancestry is the same as teaching them the religion of atheism. They obviously don t understand the words they use sometimes, but that s OK.According to COPE:[Evolution brings students] into the religious sphere by leading them to ask ultimate religious questions like what is the cause and nature of life and the universe    where do we come from? The purpose of the indoctrination is to establish the religious Worldview, not to deliver to an age appropriate audience an objective and religiously neutral origins science education that seeks to inform. Isn t that precious? A group of ultra-religious zealots who want your children to believe the earth is barely 6000 years old are calling evolution  indoctrination.  How dare you teach things scientists have gone out and dug into the ground to find and prove? In the end it all comes down to the same thing: God had a plan. That plan couldn t possibly be to ignite the big bang and watch a universe develop. No, the plan has to be the story from the book that was stolen from the other book that learned it from another book that heard it passed down at dinner time for 25,000 years, when God was Goddess and men were washing her feet.The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver snickered a bit and responded: COPE does not offer any facts to support the conclusion that the Standards condemn any religion or send a message of endorsement, and any fear of biased instruction is premised on COPE s predictions of school districts  responses to the Standards an attempt by COPE to recast a future injury as a present one. Americans United for Separation of Church and State chimed in, saying that COPE feared that scientific facts would cause  Kansas schoolchildren to be subtly manipulated into rejecting their Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So, these people don t want things like science and fact get in the way of their Sunday morning fairytale, where strict obedience is all that s truly needed in the end. Americans United continued: It s a nonsensical argument, which is why courts have unanimously rejected it. COPE, it seems, isn t interested in promoting facts; it s interested in forcing public schools to conduct far-right religious and political indoctrination. It s a shame that in today s day and age we need to have a society to separate church and state. It s like a cold with a runny nose the country picked up in the 1950s that we just can t shake.Featured image by Education Images/Getty Images",0
6711, College Students Tell London Mayor To P*ss Off After Racist Remarks About President Obama,"The Mayor of London s recent remarks about Barack Obama are causing him more problems than he likely expected. During a rant about the president s suggestion that the U.K. not leave the European Union, Boris Johnson ripped into the president for his decision to remove a bust of Winston Churchill from the Oval Office: Some said it was a symbol of the part-Kenyan president s ancestral dislike of the British empire   of which Churchill had been such a fervent defender. In reality, the president removed the bust of the British icon, placed there by George W. Bush, to make way for one more relevant to the United States: Martin Luther King, Jr. President Obama says that he had Churchill removed because There s only so many busts you can have before it starts looking a little cluttered in there. This incident provided us with a macabre ability to feel relieved that other countries have their  Tea Parties,  as well. In the United Kingdom, such a group would be the Tories. The remark was widely condemned as racist, with Labour leaders condemning Johnson s  dog whistle  remark. In fact, he was directly compared to the Tea Party:Labour s shadow chancellor John McDonnnell tweeted:  Mask slips again. Boris part-Kenyan Obama comment is yet another example of dog whistle racism from senior Tories. He should withdraw it. Fellow Labour frontbencher Diane Abbott said that what Mr. Johnson had written was  offensive  and echoed words used by the  Tea Party  right-wing tendency in the US.Former Lib. Dem. leader Lord Campbell added that Mr. Johnson s comments were  an unacceptable smear , adding:  If this is an illustration of the kind of diplomacy that we might expect from a Johnson leadership of the Tory Party then heaven help us. Now, college students are standing up and refusing to allow the racist mayor to get away with his bigoted rhetoric. Right-wing lie-factory Breitbart complains that  Safe Space Stalinists  and  footsoldiers of orthodoxy and conformism  at King s College are PC-ing up the place. In fact, they talked it over and decided that they don t want him stinking up their campus. In an email canceling the mayor s plans to speak to a group of students called King s Think Tank, informed Johnson: The level of discourse over the past few days does not meet the bar we set for these events nor do we feel does it help the British people in making the most momentous decision of our lifetime. Furthermore,  they added,  we believe it does not reflect the true greatness of the United Kingdom, a land of tolerance, respect and fair play towards all .Next part of #borisjohnson backlash of his Obama ancestry comments. Kings College letter withdrawing #EUref invite pic.twitter.com/OUYyQyYDw1  Ryan Heath (@PoliticoRyan) April 24, 2016 Given your inappropriate comments and inferences towards President Obama s Kenyan heritage, of which he is rightly proud, and your general tone of disrespect over the past few days in retaliation to the President of the United States of America,  the students said,  we are now formally withdrawing your invitation to speak at Kings College London. Johnson seems to have made the same mistake as Republicans in our country often do: he assumed that because he hates the president and his skin color, the rest of the world feels the same way. Unfortunately for Johnson, he just received a lesson in how much people all across the globe adore the truly great man who currently occupies the Oval Office.Sorry, Boris.Featured Image via Getty Images (Chris Ratcliffe)/Getty Images (Pool)",0
6712, Christian Gun Nut Shoots Unarmed Man Dead During Church Service And Gets Away With it (VIDEO),".During the days of the Old West shooting an an unarmed man violated a code that cowboys lived by and brought shame as well as arrest and prosecution for murder.But in the conservative version of the Old West we are being forced to live in today, codes and the law mean nothing as long as you re a Christian gun nut.During the morning church service on Sunday at Keystone Fellowship Church located within Montgomery County in Pennsylvania a parishioner with a concealed carry permit shot and killed 27-year-old Robert Braxton in the chest during some sort of altercation as members of the congregation ducked for cover after the shots rang out. It sounded like three pops, almost like a champagne bottle opening three times,  said congregant Breeana Somers.  Everybody s trying to make themselves as small as possible. You could hear some screaming and some crying but it was pretty silent. I went under a chair in a fetal position. I tried to make myself as small as possible. It s really frightening that anything like this could happen here. Despite the fact that the gun-toting churchgoer openly murdered an unarmed man for what is sure to be a ridiculous reason, the man has not been arrested or charged, according to Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele. There s no one in custody,  he told NBC 10.  The individual involved in the shooting is cooperating with police at this point. Yeah, and he s the only one who gets to tell the story because the other guy is dead.Ironically, the Keystone Church had written a Facebook post earlier announcing that an anti-government evangelical pastor would be a guest speaker that day and banned photography and video  for our guest s safety.  Apparently, church leadership was not concerned about guns or the threat they pose to the safety of their congregation.Here s the video via NBC 10.Again, a man literally shot and killed an unarmed man in the middle of a church service and he gets to walk free. This is sickening. Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6713," Bigot Cashier LOSES IT On Gay Customer, Refuses Service (VIDEO)","A customer at a New Orleans Family Dollar store was forced to endure a bigoted, anti-LGBT rant by a cashier on Friday, turning what should have been an ordinary shopping trip into a nightmare.Melissa Langford was simply minding her own business when she heard the cashier making a not-so-subtle announcement that she hated gay people. Langford recalled the experience on Facebook: It started off with the cashier loudly voicing her opinion on how much she hates gay people. After five or six minutes (or at least it felt like that long) of listening to her yell and preach to each customer about how  gay people need to get  the fuck , they got somethin wrong in they head, *edit* that she had the right to refuse service to anyone she wants, gays are sick  etc. Hearing this level of bigotry and hate broke Langford s heart, and she quickly became emotional and decided to speak up. I started to writhe away internally. I wanted to cry right then and there. In fact, I m crying right now  cuz yall didn t hear the hateful passion in her voice. She was so loud, so cruel, so uneducated  selfish and just outright mean  anyways .I spoke up.I said,  excuse me, but im very very gay and you re really offending me. Think what u want but keep it to yourself. And then, the cashier  flipped out.  While carrying on her homophobic rant, the woman behind the counter refused to serve Langford, and even denied service to the customer in front of her because they were both defending the rights of the LGBT community. At this point, Langford began recording the encounter with her cell phone. Langford said that when she started filming, the cashier calmed down slightly, as far as leaving the counter and goin by the exit just to not serve my gay ass. In the video, you can see the chaos unfold as Langford and the other customer argue with the cashier. You can hear the man in front of Langford shouting  You ignorant! Why are you going to hate on people for who they are, and they re spending their money here just like everybody else?  as the cashier continues to refuse service and rail against gay people.Here s what Langford was able to record:The encounter devastated Langford. She said: Im really upset. This is the worst antigay s t ive ever had to deal with in my 34 years. In the interview below, Langford shares her feelings on the awful incident: Featured image is a screenshot Now Langford wants an apology, but she hasn t gotten it yet. She had contacted Family Dollar headquarters, but hasn t gotten a response. According to NOLA.com, a manager at the store refused to do something about the cashier s behavior and said  I can t control nothing. [The employee] can say and do what she wants. Hopefully now that Langford s video and post has been shared thousands of times, the store will be forced to do something about this cashier s horrendous behavior. Featured image via screenshots",0
6714, Trump Has Meltdown Over Kasich And Cruz Joining Forces To Destroy Him (TWEETS),"The Republican Party is filled with even more drama over their primary today as Cruz and Kasich have apparently teamed up to destroy frontrunner Donald Trump   and the billionaire is having a meltdown.On Sunday, the Ted Cruz Campaign and John Kasich Campaign both released statements declaring they are joining forces and will be dividing their attention in the remaining primaries to keep Trump from winning. Cruz for President Campaign Manager Jeff Roe said: Having Donald Trump at the top of the ticket in November would be a sure disaster for Republicans To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party and win in November, our campaign will focus its time and resources in Indiana and in turn clear the path for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico, and we would hope that allies of both campaigns would follow our lead. Kasich s campaign manager, John Weaver, said that the Ohio governor s campaign was going to  shift their resources to the West and give the Cruz campaign a clear path in Indiana. NEWS: Kasich campaign will marshal campaign resources to New Mexico and Oregon, allow Cruz to focus on Indiana. pic.twitter.com/auUIUX961O  Team Kasich (@TeamJohnKasich) April 25, 2016According to CNN, this is a campaign strategy the two Republicans have been working on for weeks. They hope that they will be able to keep Trump from obtaining the 1,237  delegates necessary to win the nomination this summer. If they can do that, the Republican s will have a contested convention over the summer and that will leave the door open for one of them to swoop in and win the nomination. Ted Cruz has already been trying to woo Trump s pledged delegates into voting for him on a second ballot at the convention.When the news broke that Cruz and Kasich were doing this, Donald Trump (of course) took to Twitter and slammed the campaigns:Wow, just announced that Lyin  Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2016 Lyin  Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2016After those two tweets, Trump apparently went to bed but was back at it again first thing Monday morning: Lyin  Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2016Shows how weak and desperate Lyin  Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can t stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2016Over the last week or so, Trump has been trying really hard to seem  presidential. But his facade is going to be really hard to maintain after this announcement. I am sure we are going to hear a lot more in the coming days.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6715, ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Who Shot His Girlfriend Beaten Unconscious By Partygoers (VIDEO),"According to the NRA,  good guys with guns  across the nation are the last line of defense between some unspecified threat that could occur anywhere at any time, and something else. But who will protect the world from the  responsible gun owners  who prove themselves to be anything BUT responsible?In the latest instance of  responsible gun ownerness,  a Utah man found himself beaten to a pulp by people who were leaving a party at his home after he shot his girlfriend. According to ABC4 Utah, everyone was enjoying the all-night party until the unnamed man began fighting with his significant other. Overcome by emotion, he  responsibly  pulled out a handgun and demanded that partygoers leave his home.Obviously, confronted by a presumably drunk individual who thinks a gun is the best way to get people to leave a party, those present quickly left   but as they were in the driveway, they heard gunshots. Unified Police Department spokesperson Lex Bell says that the heroic individuals rushed back inside and pummeled the shooter, who left his victim with gunshot wounds to her ankle and hand, until he was unconscious.In an apparent effort to protect the shooter, the girlfriend told police that she  accidentally  shot herself while cleaning the gun   but law enforcement says that she was likely shot while trying to wrestle the gun away from her violent and crazy significant other. A friend who drove her to the hospital confirmed that her story was false. Fortunately, her injuries are not serious, though she may need surgery on her hand.According to area residents, the couple recently moved into the neighborhood   and after learning about their new neighbors, they are a bit concerned. One man, identified as  Dan,  called the incident  troublesome  because he has a family whose safety is placed at risk by the new  responsible gun owners  in the neighborhood.No charges have yet been filed, but Bell says that those who rushed in and heroically beat the living hell out of the shooter were likely, legally, justified.Watch a report on the attack below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6716, Charles Koch Does A Brutally Honest Interview The Republican Party Isn’t Gonna Like (VIDEO),"Charles Koch sat down with ABC News and did an interview, during which he said it was  possible  that Hillary Clinton could be a better president than some of the Republicans still left. It was in no way an endorsement of Clinton. It was a well-worded question that elicited a noteworthy and honest response. That 30 seconds of reporting dominated the already slow news cycle while the meat of the Charles Koch interview went largely ignored.Charles Koch doesn t come across as many people think he should. He shows up in sweaters and comfy shoes looking like Mr. Rogers and being extremely passionate about his policy positions. What many people don t understand is that the Koch Brothers, while massive and powerful beyond belief, are Libertarians. Libertarians want taxes gone. They want money out of politics because they think the government should be almost non-existent. In order to achieve this Libertarian Utopia, they first have to conquer the Republican Party, the only people who will give them a flat tax and deregulate everything.Charles Koch admits that he benefits from a  rigged system.  He admits to all the money that is spent on corporate welfare and tax shelters for the wealthy. He admits that cronyism runs our country and he knows that the rich are getting richer and the poor have no chance. If you were to attach Charles Koch s belief system to a liberal set of values you d have Bill Gates meets Warren Buffet. Unfortunately, what you actually end up with is a grandfatherly figure whose sheer power won t be stopped, it ll be chatted about nicely in the den.The Kochs lean to the right on enough issues that their money gets thrown at the Republican party. They want to eliminate the tax code, thinking it will put people on level playing field   or maybe just to keep more profits. They want regulation out of business, so free markets could thrive and regulate themselves   or maybe just to cut corners and save money. They want money out of politics, so they pour money into politics. The Kochs aren t in danger of being aligned with Democrats, but if you listen to Charles tell it, if the Democratic party would come around on just a few things, they would see more Koch money. Yes, that s a ridiculous notion. Charles Koch sits and talks about everyone taking care of one another while it was he and his brother who created the Tea Party and their bigotry and went to work in 2014 to see to it that everyone hated the poor and Ebola enough to vote red.The Kochs have always backed Republicans, an investment Charles calls  disappointing.  He remembers the one time he asked for a political favor to shoot down a bill that was nothing but corporate tax breaks and fewer than 10 percent of the people they backed on the campaign trail came through when it was time to vote. The one time. Somehow it seems unlikely that a man who just confessed to raising half a billion dollars for political purposes has asked for more than one favor, but we ll let Mr. Koch s good character speak for itself (wink, wink).They have apparently gotten tired of the Republican party, at least this time around. Charles is adamant that the mud-slinging ad-hominem festival of stupid that has been the GOP primary has not received a dime from their war chest. Not a single campaign on either side has reaped the benefits of Koch support. The only candidate Koch mentions by name is Bernie Sanders, who he says is at least addressing the issue of the two-tiered system and wealth inequality, though he can t understand his methods. It s difficult for a man who professes to be a  classic liberal  to consider putting the needs of the less fortunate first. If his barn is stocked with horses, his cupboards and refrigerator with food and his home stocked with creature comforts he ll be in a much better position to help those who have struggled.All in all, this interview doesn t bode well for the GOP. They re looking for almost a billion dollars from Koch s PAC, which by his own estimate has only raised $200 million so far this year. The Republican party has certainly shown that it knows how to screw up a free lunch. When you can t do something as simple as keeping your number one source of income in the game, you know the end is near. Featured image from screen capture",0
6717, Identities Of Arrested Anti-Racist Stone Mountain Protesters Released (VIDEO),"Authorities have released the identities of nine men who were arrested on April 23 during a clash between about a dozen white supremacist demonstrators, a group of counter-protesters and police in Stone Mountain, Georgia.According to WXIA, chaos broke out after a  pro-white  organization planned a rally at Stone Mountain Park on Saturday. The white supremacist group  Rock Stone Mountain  organized the demonstration to protest what they claim are  efforts to erase the white race. In response, a second group of counter-protesters called  All Out Atlanta  also staged a demonstration at the park.Only about two dozen white supremacists attended the protest, while counter protesters numbered somewhere between 200 and 300, according to local reports.Both groups were granted permits by park authorities.Police say the opposing protest groups were to be located in different areas of the park.Things went bad, however, when two members of the  pro-white  group got lost and ended up in the middle of the counter-demonstration.Police from three different agencies, dressed in riot gear, descended on the area.Video shows one of the men from the white supremacist organization referring to counter-protesters as  savages. Nine members of the counter-protest group were arrested.Eight were charged with the misdemeanor crime of  wearing a hood or mask. They were identified as:The ninth protester was identified as 21-year-old Joshua T. Taft. Taft is charged with Aggravated Assault.According to police, members of All Out Atlanta threw rocks and  got physical  with officers.Taft is accused of throwing a firework of some kind at police.Video of the arrest doesn t appear to show him resisting arrest or becoming physical with police.Here s more on the story from WXIA in Georgia. Here are two videos showing the arrests of some of the counter-protesters. It s clear from the videos that no-one is throwing rocks or fireworks at the time these people were arrested.This video was uploaded to YouTube by Regina Willis.Here s the second video via Alex Hariri on YouTube.Image credit: video screen capture via Regina Willis YouTube",0
6718," Ninety-Year-Old Senator Finds Love Again, This Time With A Man","On Saturday, former Pennsylvania senator Harris Wofford, now 90, announced his engagement in a touching op-ed, published by the New York Times.In his younger days, Mr. Wofford served as special assistant for civil rights to President John F. Kennedy and adviser to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.He was married to his wife Clare for 48 years.In his op-ed, Wofford writes: Clare and I fell in love trying to save the world during World War II. He goes on to say that the couple s  romance and adventure  continued through the decades. They raised three children, and he states that  she was the heart of their family. He writes:When I told her,  You re my best friend,  she would reply,  and your best critic.  And when I said,  You re my best critic,  she responded,  and your best friend. She died 20 years ago, as they were both nearing their 70th birthdays.He says:I assumed that I was too old to seek or expect another romance.But five years later, Mr. Wofford would find love again.In writing about the moment he met his future spouse, he describes the scene in this way:It was afternoon, and the tanning beachgoers faced west, toward the wall of concrete buildings lining the boulevard, to catch the sun, ignoring the beautiful sea. I swam alone in the water, attracting the attention of two bystanders near the shore. They came over to say hello, which is how I met Matthew Charlton.He says his second love is someone whose  inquisitive and thoughtful manner  and  charm  struck him right away. They became fast friends and travelled together often.It was three years before the former senator found the  nerve  to tell his children about the romance. In time, he says, they welcomed him into the family.Now, 15 years later, the couple is planning to celebrate their marriage on April 30.He writes:Twice in my life, I ve felt the pull of such passionate preference. At age 90, I am lucky to be in an era where the Supreme Court has strengthened what President Obama calls  the dignity of marriage  by recognizing that matrimony is not based on anyone s sexual nature, choices or dreams. It is based on love.The former senator speaks from the heart when he says: It is right to expand our conception of marriage to include all Americans who love each other. Image credit: Why Tuesday via Flckr cc 2.0",0
6719, WATCH: The Craziest Public Service Announcement You May Ever See,"Just imagine yourself at the bar with friends. You re drinking, laughing, having a good time. You may or may not be thinking about the consequences of getting behind the wheel once the fun is over.As you walk into the restroom, you re confronted by an image in the mirror. It s not your own.Now the stranger in the mirror starts talking to you.You re not hallucinating. The man in the mirror is Kris Caudilla. He s 32 years old. He s talking to you via livestream from RMC Correctional Facility in Lake Butler, Florida, where he s currently serving out a 15-year sentence for vehicular manslaughter.One night six years ago, Caudilla was driving drunk. He slammed into the vehicle of an off-duty sheriff s deputy, killing him. The officer left behind a wife and four children.Caudilla is part of a public service campaign created by the non-profit group We Save Lives. The organization was founded by Candy Lightner.Lightner also founded Mothers Against Drunk Drivers, after her 13-year-old daughter, Cari, was killed by a drunk driver in 1980.A video uploaded to Facebook by Nextshark shows Caudilla speaking to Los Angeles bar patrons through a mirror, via livestream. The video has gotten nearly 300,000 views on social media.We Save Lives produced a second video called Reflections From Inside.The video provides background information on Caudilla s story as well as a brief interview with the  man in the mirror. Watch below, via We Save Lives on YouTube. According to We Save Lives  website, drunk drivers kill an average of 30 people every day in the United States. The result is that 10,000 lives are lost because of someone driving under the influence. Worse, about one-third of drunk driving deaths are caused by repeat offenders.According to the website, one-third of all traffic related fatalities are caused by a drunk driver.Given these horrible statistics, it bears repeating: If you re drinking please don t drive.Image credit: via We Save Lives on YouTube",0
6720, Trump Just Accidentally Gave America The Greatest Reason Not To Vote For Him,"Donald Trump wanted to give his supporters a strong reason to support him, and instead he just handed the rest of America a great reason to fight like hell to ensure he never gets elected.At a campaign rally just days before a crucial primary day that could decide whether Trump gets the nomination before the convention or not, he told his followers that if he loses, he ll go into hiding, never to be seen again.Signalling yet again that he would not be willing to support another Republican should he lose the nomination, Trump said there was nothing sadder than watching a losing candidate grovel at the feet of the victor. Which, to be fair, is true if the victor is Donald Trump.Clearly not a fan of Ted Cruz, Trump suggested he would never go on to endorse him: They fight like hell for six months, and they re saying horrible things, the worst things you can imagine. And then one of them loses, one of them wins. And the one who loses says,  I just want to congratulate my opponent. He is a brilliant man, he ll be a great governor or president or whatever. So Trump made his supporters a promise: I m not sure you re ever going to see me there. I don t think I m going to lose, but if I do, I don t think you re ever going to see me again, folks. I think I ll go to Turnberry and play golf or something. It s bad enough that Trump is already playing the sore loser, but his gambit is almost sure to backfire. It s been well documented that Trump is despised at almost surreal levels. His unpopularity among nearly every demographic is so staggering that it s amazing he s made it this far. The sheer level of loathing people have for Donald Trump may be the one thing that can truly unite the country. He s hated by Hispanics. He s hated by women. He s hated by African Americans. He s hated by young people. He s hated by the one group the GOP could always count on, white men (yes, really).He s the most hated politician in three decades. The last person who came close? Richard Nixon post-Watergate. Even Dick Cheney   at the lowest moments of the Bush years   was hated by (slightly) fewer people.That s a massive number of people who would all but run to the polls if it meant Donald Trump never shows his face in front of a camera again. It s hard to imagine a better way Donald Trump could Make America Great Again than that. And Trump just promised to do it.The stakes in this election, already very high, just became: President Trump vs. Trump never being seen again. Pray America makes the right choice.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
6721, Hillary Clinton Just Tossed Charles Koch A HUGE F*ck You After Kinda-Sorta-Endorsement (SCREENSHOTS),"We have some bad news for Charles Koch: Hillary Clinton just isn t that into you. Recently, the evil billionaire backer of the Tea Party announced that Republicans are so terrible, he is forced to admit that Hillary Clinton is possibly better than all of them. Koch told ABC s This Week that Clinton s husband was a much better President in terms of government spending than was George W. Bush, who is idolized by many conservatives. In some ways. In other ways, I mean he wasn t an exemplar. But as far as the growth of government, the increase in spending, it was 2.5 times under Bush than it was under Clinton,  Koch said, explaining that for Hillary to be a better President than the entire Republican field, she would have to be a gigantic hypocrite who can be bought and sold like everyone else they back. Asked if he would support her campaign for President, Koch said: We would have to believe her actions would be quite different from her rhetoric, let me put it that way. While Koch is in love with Clinton as anyone on the Right is going to get, he probably should not expect much from her. On Sunday, Clinton let the Koch brothers know what she thinks of them and their money by essentially telling Charles to go f*ck himself.Referencing the Kochs  climate denial and attempts to suppress minority voters, Clinton explained that she could not accept an endorsement from someone so evil.  Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote,  she said, linking the interview.Yes, it s no secret that the Republican field is chock-full of terribleness, but Koch is almost certainly not going to find any friends among Democrats these days. It s far, far too late for that.Watch the interview below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pvqf3mSz8yQFeatured image via Getty Images (John Moore)/screengrab",0
6722, WATCH: Fox Airhead Says Stuffed Armadillo Disproves Climate Change,"During an April 24 Fox News segment, climate-change denial expert Marc Morano unveiled top secret proof that 97 percent of real scientists are wrong about global warming.Morano brought a cage, draped with a blanket, onto the set of Fox amd Friends on Sunday.In preparation of explaining to the show s dumbed-down viewers that top scientists around the world aren t really concerned about climate change, Morano peeled the back the cover of the cage to expose a stuffed armadillo.Morano, who was named  Climate Change Misinformer of the Year  by Media Matters in 2012, proceeded to explain how a stuffed animal is definitive proof of a massive global warming hoax. This is significant,  Morano said. The armadillo was the only animal that was used as a mascot for global cooling in the 1970s Morano was referring to an unpopular and short-lived theory that the earth s temperatures were gradually falling. This idea did not ever have widespread support among members of the scientific community. More that that, it conflicted with the majority of the scientific research of the time. By 1976 the World Meteorological Organization had already issued a warning that a very significant warming of global climate  was probable.Morano continued during the Sunday morning segment. Referring to the caged, stuffed armadillo, he said: It s not a mascot for global warming. They re claiming the armadillo is migrating north to get out of the heat. While we re not sure if the armadillo can rightfully be called a  mascot for global warming,  in 2011 researchers noted that armadillos, along with many other small animals, are indeed migrating further north.According to an article that appeared in Scientific American:But there s no question armadillos   and other small mammals   are on the move in the United States, expanding into terrain biologists thought highly unlikely just a few years ago.Some of that migration can be attributed to opportunity: The armadillo in particular has been moving northward since it arrived in Texas in the 1880s and Florida in the 1920s, according to Colleen McDonough, a biology professor at Valdosta State University in Georgia.McDonough went on to say that some of the movement is  clearly triggered by climate change.  Armadillos have settled into southern Illinois, Indiana, Kansas and Missouri   all areas that were  totally unexpected.  Winter temperatures in these regions were once too harsh for the armadillo.The article also describes the migration of white-footed mice and southern flying squirrels, species which have travelled more than 140 miles north of their original habitat in recent years.Even without the stuffed armadillo, Morano s assertions about climate change are ridiculous.There s a big difference between the short-lived hypothesis of global cooling that sprang up in the 1970s and a scientific consensus that includes more than 97 percent of people working in the field.Watch the segment below via Raw Story. Featured image via video screen capture from Raw Story",0
6723, Texas Cop Vows To Brutalize Any Trans Woman Who Uses The Restroom With His Daughter,"The sweep of crazy anti-transgender bathroom laws has brought out the bigots in droves. One such bigot is Texas police officer Tracy Murphree, who is also potentially in the running to become Sheriff of an entire county in the Lone Star state. Murphree decided to post to Facebook his feelings on transgender women   and that s not all. This cop actually said that he would beat any transgender woman in a public restroom with his daughter until she lost consciousness. This whole bathroom thing is craziness I have never seen. All I can say is this: If my little girl is in a public women s restroom and a man, regardless of how he may identify, goes into the bathroom, he will then identify as a John Doe until he wakes up in whatever hospital he may be taken to. Your identity does not trump my little girl s safety. I identify as an overprotective father that loves his kids and would do anything to protect them. Luckily, Murphree was quickly put in his place by Amber Dyden Briggle, who once ran for Denton County Council. She also happens to have a transgender son. Briggle responded to Murphee: As the parent of a transgender child who is only 8 years old, Tracy, this   really, really upsets me,  she wrote.  I know you are a protective parent, but SO AM I. If my son were to walk into a women s room, looking the way he does, he would no doubt be corrected and sent to the men s room. What we ve done now is call attention to a young child, only 8 years old, who is now behind closed doors with a bunch of men   had he walked in there to use the bathroom to pee in the first place, no one would have batted an eye, because he looks like and IS a boy.  Let me put it another way: halfway through first grade, this PERFECT child of mine, who is just as miraculous and amazing today as he was on the day of his birth, stopped feeling comfortable using the girls  room. But, of course, the bigoted Murphree doubled down on his hatred and said that Briggle is the problem, not him: Amber, you have demonstrated part of the problem. You advocate your right to defend your child and state that your child has the right to pee in peace. Yet when I advocate my right to defend my child and her right to pee in peace I m a bigot and dangerous. I m not a bigot I have nothing against you or your child. I would defend both of you with my life. Yes, I will be the next sheriff, and I will serve all citizens. I will not sit back and not voice my beliefs and opinions. I will not give in to the political correctness police. I won t be threatened by those who may call me a bigot or ignorant. I have no issue with transgenders. That s between them and God. The few transgenders rights do not trump the rights of the many. I will not stand by in political correctness afraid of being labeled and allow a male to enter a bathroom my daughter occupies. I just won t do it. Mr. Murprhee is the last person who should be on any police force. He has shown himself to be violent against those he hates and/or does not understand. He is incapable of listening to logic and reason, or of learning to be accepting of diverse groups of people. This man is dangerous. He has explicitly said that he will harm his constituents for the  crime  of using a public bathroom.Denton County, please do NOT elect this violent brute as your next sheriff.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6724, Texas School Officials Request For New Name Goes Horribly Wrong (VIDEO),"Students of Robert E. Lee Elementary School in Austin, Texas, along with their parents, have been battling over the school s name for well over a year.As KXAN reported here, an advisory panel heard testimony from people on both sides of the argument in January.Daniel Oppenheimer, whose children attend the school, told KXAN the name should be changed, saying: It s actually an active deterrent for black families and families of color to attend our school. I think that s reason enough why it s worth thinking about changing. Another parent, Jessica Grogan, expressed similar concerns, telling reporters: I d say my main reason is it is alienating to certain families and I feel like it doesn t represent our community values. Watch video from the January board meeting, courtesy of KXAN below.Following the meeting, the Campus Advisory Board recommended that the school board begin taking steps to change the name of the school.Problem solved, right?Wrong, because it s Texas.The school board asked parents and community members to submit suggestions for the new name.The leading suggestions were as follows:Donald J. Trump Elementary: 45 nominations Robert E. Lee Elementary: 34 nominations Russell Lee Elementary: 32 nominations Harper Lee Elementary: 30 nominations Elisabet Ney Elementary: 15 nominationsThere were plenty of others as well, such as Bleeding Heart Liberal Elementary, Communist Elementary and The Illuminati.Among the least controversial suggestions submitted by Texans were Generic School, Elementary School #1, Bee Movie, Schoolie McSchoolface and The Rubber Duckies.Read all 15 pages of suggested names here.While the original plan was to select from the list of top contenders, it s highly unlikely the school board will approve a name like Donald Trump Elementary.It s sad that so many members of this Austin, Texas community chose not to take the issue seriously. As so many students and parents pointed out, a public school has a duty to ensure that no student is discriminated against and all students feel valued and welcome.The school board hasn t said how it plans to proceed with selecting a new name, in light of the submissions received.The best option appears to be limiting community involvement as much as possible.Featured image via Linda Lawrence via Facebook",0
6725, Maine’s Governor Somehow Gets More Racist: I Can’t Understand Indian People Without Interpreter,"Maine has a very bad governor (thanks Tea Party movement!) who just keeps getting worse.Republican Governor Paul LePage decided to take a cue from Donald Trump and spend the weekend mocking Indian people. Apparently drawing upon his own experiences   and warped by LePage s truly stunning level of racism, no doubt   he lamented the fact that restaurants hire immigrants. The problem, he said, was that he needs  an interpreter  to understand them. And, he added, people from India are  the worst ones. This is right on the heels of Donald Trump s latest stab at xenophobic nationalism when at a rally he put on a stereotypical Indian accent to lament the fact that he had spoken to someone outside of America to inquire about his credit card. (Part of his plan to Make America Great Again, is to bring telemarketing jobs back to the country. A job nobody wants.) The crowd ate it up. So, it seems, did LePage, whom recently accused Ted Cruz of  stabbing him in the back  and is a big fan of Trump.LePage has made a name for himself as both a terrible governor in the traditional sense (he s been nearly impeached a number of times and is universally loathed by both Republicans and Democrats in the state legislature), and an unrepentant racist. Already this year he made headlines for this astoundingly offensive rant: These are guys with the name D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty  these types of guys  they come from Connecticut and New York, they come up here, they sell their heroin, they go back home. Incidentally, half the time they impregnate a young, white girl before they leave, which is a real sad thing because then we have another issue we have to deal with down the road. He later said he didn t mean to say  white girl.  Then a few days later, he said screw it and admitted that he did mean white girls but only because he knew that would make the story sound scarier.In a twisted way, LePage is probably relieved that his racism is back in the news. His last act of infamy was blocking a bill that would provide life-saving drugs for opioid overdoses to addicts. His reasoning: Why bother saving them? They ll just overdose again.Paul LePage is the worst.Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
6726, Trump Doesn’t Think Men Should Have To Change Diapers Or Play With Their Kids (AUDIO),"It s a wonder why Donald Trump has been divorced so many times. He s clearly such a good catch (note sarcasm).Trump s going to tell us time and time again how wonderful he is, how great is for the nation, and what fantastic things he s going to do. Here s the thing   he s all talk. And now Buzzfeed has reminded us that he s not that great of a father either   or at least in the sense that a  great father  is one that actually wants to spend time with their kids.While he touts how well he can provide for his family, he apparently thinks that money can by love, and who knows, maybe it does. Yet, he most certainly made if very apparent during a 2006 interview on the Opie and Anthony show that he wants nothing to do with actually taking care of his children, besides monetary support.When asked if he changes diapers, he said: No, I don t do that There s a lot of women out there that demand that the husband act like the wife and you know there s a lot of husbands that listen to that. So you know, they go for it. They  go for it ? Like their being conned into actually caring for their child. God forbid a father actually want to take part in raising a child.He added: If I had different type of wife. I probably wouldn t have a baby, ya know, cause that s not my thing. I m really like a great father but certain things you do and certain things you don t. It s just not for me. No, that s not being a  great father,  that s being a sperm donor that provides monetary assistance.To reiterate, he doesn t seem to think men should be acting  like the wife. He also said: I mean, I won t do anything to take care of them. I ll supply funds and she ll take care of the kids. It s not like I m gonna be walking the kids down Central Park. And apparently during a 2005 Howard Stern interview Trump brought up how he hated the fact his ex-wife Marla Maples had the audacity to suggest he bring their daughter on a walk. Well, Marla used to say,  I can t believe you re not walking Tiffany down the street,  you know in a carriage. Right, I m gonna be walking down Fifth Avenue with a baby in a carriage. It just didn t work. This really just goes down deeper to the fact that Donald Trump doesn t respect women   at all. He seems to thoroughly believe in gender roles, and I bet the fact that he may be running against Hillary Clinton in the general election sends shivers down his spine. How dare a woman think they can do a man s work after all, right? I mean, he s made it clear a man shouldn t do  women s work. Trump can tout how  great  he is with women until he s blue in the face, but it s all a lie, just like with most everything else he says. He s a businessman trying to sell himself on being president, but he s clearly not remotely qualified. The fact that he s doing as well as he is speaks to the fact that he does know how to sell. However, come the general election with a far smarter electorate, that s reaches beyond the Republican base of voters, they will make sure he never sets foot in the Oval Office.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6727, Michelle Obama Just BLASTED Conservatives For Their Racist Lies About Our President (VIDEO),"On Saturday, Michelle Obama graced Jackson State University with her presence as she gave the commencement speech to this year s graduating class. Though she normally stays out of the fray with regard to the right s horrible attacks on her husband, the First Lady took a moment to share her thoughts on the insane, racist attacks coming from conservatives in America. As I ve walked this journey with Barack, I ve gotten a pretty good look at what it means to rise above the fray, what it means to set your eyes on the horizon, to devote your life to making things better for those who will come after you,  Obama said, praising the President s ability to  stay the course  no matter what  kind of ugliness is going on at any particular moment. Then she dropped the hammer, condemning the right s use of  hateful and divisive language  directed at her husband: Charges that he doesn t love our country. The time he was called a liar in front of a Joint Session of Congress. The nonstop questions about his birth certificate and his belief in God. She urged the graduating class to follow her husband s example and address such unabashed hatred with dignity: Are you going to get angry or lash out? Or are you going to take a deep breath, straighten your shoulders, lift up your head, and do what Barack Obama has always done  as he says,  When they go low, I go high.' That s the choice Barack and I have made. That s what has kept us sane over the years. We simply do not allow space in our hearts, minds, or souls for darkness,  she said.Barack Obama has encountered an unprecedented amount of mindless vitriol from the stupid part of America, and has always met it with class. But despite that hate, he will be remembered as the best POTUS in this century and last, perhaps ever, because of his dedication to doing the right thing and his refusal to let the haters weigh him down.Featured image via Getty Images/Feng Li",0
6728, Republicans Begin Requiring Doctors Lie To Patients About Existence Of ‘Abortion Reversal’ Pill,"Part of the Hippocratic Oath that every doctor must take requires them to vow to  reject harm and mischief.  Put another way: A doctor should never allow harmful or unscientific nonsense to get in the way of treating their patients with the best possible medical procedures. Put an even simpler way: Republicans should stay out of the hospital room.In South Dakota, Republicans are forcing through legislation that would require doctors to directly lie to their patients in order to give them second thoughts about having an abortion. Two other states, Arizona and Arkansas, already have this law in place. It s the newest trend in anti-abortion measures, instead of targeting the women (which hasn t worked), they ll just require doctors to push anti-abortion myths or face losing their jobs.Specifically, the new law, signed by Republican Governor Dennis Daugaard, will tell doctors that they must inform their patients that they can get an  abortion reversal  pill that will stop abortions in progress and allow them to keep a viable fetus. As Judith Graham at medical blog Stat News notes, the magic pill is psuedoscientific nonsense.An antiabortion group is promoting model legislation to inform women they can  reverse  medication abortions.Yet that claim has no solid science behind it  just an anecdotal case report written by a physician who invented a protocol and arranged to have it tested on a half-dozen patients who regretted swallowing the abortion pill.To put it mildly, the medical community is not cool with being told to lie to their patients about untested medical procedures which may, in fact, harm them. As physicians, we can t just experiment on patients willy-nilly,  said Dr. Daniel Grossman, a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of California, San Francisco. Doctors offering to undo medical abortions are  essentially testing an unproven, experimental protocol on pregnant women,  he said.If requiring doctors to use untested drugs on their patients in order to lie to them about having an abortion isn t doing  harm and mischief , then what is?It s also attempting to fix a problem that doesn t exist. Despite what anti-abortion activists emphatically insist, the research shows conclusively that virtually no woman who has an abortion regrets it. When a University of California San Francisco School of Medicine study asked over 600 women at facilities across the country how they felt about their decision to have an abortion, more than 95 percent said they felt it was the right thing to do. Women overwhelmingly felt abortion was the right decision in both the short-term and over three years, and the intensity of emotions and frequency of thinking about the abortion declined over time,  the study concluded.It seems that women, far from being doe-eyed  victims  of sinister Planned Parenthood clinics preying on them, actually know what they are doing and do what is right for them, their bodies, and their families. Go figure.None of this seems to matter to South Dakota Republicans, who have long retreated into superstitious dogma and seem only dimly aware that the scientific community thinks they are ridiculous. Instead of reassessing their beliefs, they are telling doctors to help them promote their misconceptions or else face their wrath. Galileo is probably nodding his head in recognition. An age old problem with a modern-day spin.Featured image via Flickr",0
6729, WATCH: River Set On Fire Thanks To Fracking,"Thanks to the quest for natural gas power through fracking, an Australian river has become polluted enough that it can be set on fire. Dramatic video of what happened was captured by activists and published online:https://www.facebook.com/RTvids/videos/1201457439864507/A Queensland river near a fracking site exploded into flames after a coal seam gas (CSG) protester sparked a kitchen lighter above the water surface.Greens MP Jeremy Buckingham uploaded dramatic footage of the river ablaze to his website and social media accounts to highlight his party s concerns about fracking and the extraction of coal seam gas.The video shows the New South Wales Greens MP ignite the fire on the Condamine river and then jump up in shock, exclaiming:  Holy f***! Unbelievable   a river on fire! The video echoes other viral videos in the past that have shown that the gases released by fracking have sometimes leaked into the traditional water supply, and allowed similar experiments where water coming into homes has been set on fire as well.Fracking has also been linked to increased earthquake activity, and as a result it has been banned in several U.S. states, sometimes completely or pending further study of the technology.Some have called for a complete ban on the practice, while others have called for a slowdown in its use. Fracking has been credited with contributing to the lower price of oil and gas in the last few years, but like every other energy extraction technology used on a mass scale, it has an environmental downside.The only energy technologies without the serious problems of fracking or traditional oil drilling are green technologies like solar or wind power, but to date they are incapable of generating the kind of power output needed to fully displace the traditional sources of energy. The Obama administration has tried to incentivize the creation of  green tech,  but has been opposed by Republicans who take in the bulk of donations from the fossil fuel industry (who also fund an enormous amount of anti-green propaganda).Featured image via Facebook",0
6730, Joe Biden: I’m Not Part Of The Party That Says ‘Well We Can’t Do It’,"On April 23 Vice President Joe Biden cast his vote in the Democratic presidential primary, in his home state of Delaware, but declined to say which candidate he voted for.Neither the president or Vice President has publicly endorsed a candidate in the 2016 race, but during an interview with The New York Times, published on Wednesday, might provide some insight into which way the vice president was leaning on Friday.The New York Times reported:He remains neutral in the battle between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, but not between their campaign styles. He ll take Mr. Sanders s aspirational approach over Mrs. Clinton s caution any day.During the interview Vice President Biden told The New York Times reporter John Harwood: I like the idea of saying,  We can do much more,  because we can. He went on to compare the candidate s very different approaches to their campaigns, saying: I don t think any Democrats ever won saying,  We can t think that big   we ought to really downsize here because it s not realistic. C mon man, this is the Democratic Party! I m not part of the party that says,  Well, we can t do it.   The New York Times also reported that the Vice President likes the idea that Mr. Sanders is aiming high, regardless of whether the large steps he envisions to narrow income inequality and broaden economic opportunity become realized in the next presidential term. According to the interview:The philosophy Mr. Biden has advocated within the Obama White House: Push for a lot, and persevere over the long run.Vice President Biden stressed the point, saying: Presidents have always been told by really smart people:  Don t push something that you can t succeed in   it diminishes your power. I completely disagree with that proposition. Indeed, the race between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and VT Senator Bernie Sanders is strikingly similar to the Clinton-Obama race of 2008.Then Senator Obama ran on a platform of  hope and change,  telling his energetic followers  Yes We Can. On the other hand, Hillary Clinton sought to portray herself as level-headed and realistic, warning that there is no magic wand to fix the problems in Washington.After eight years of George W. Bush, 2008 voters preferred Obama s message of bold change to Clinton s ideas for incremental change.This time around though, the 2016 electorate is leaning more toward Clinton s pragmatic approach, likely as a response to eight years of Republican obstructionism and even outright sabotage in Washington.While voters are certainly tired of budget showdowns and government shutdowns, the fact remains that as long as Republicans control Congress, both candidates will face the same right-wing extremism that President Obama has faced once they reach the White House.No democratic president is going to make Republicans in the House and Senate reasonable or even sane.Regardless of whether voters choose Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, there s no question that both Democratic candidates would be hated and vilified by the GOP.While all eyes are on the race for the presidential nomination, changing the dynamics of Congress should also be a top priority to anyone who wants to see the country continue to move forward, not back.Image credit: Wikipedia Public Domain",0
6731, Fox Host Shatters Conservative Claim That Bathroom Bills Are Needed To Stop Predators (VIDEO),"A Fox host actually debunked a conservative talking point by doing what a real journalist does best: research.An anti-LGBT conservative columnist appeared on Fox News Sunday to defend anti-LGBT laws that ban transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity.Ben Domenech argued that such laws are necessary to protect women and children from predators whom right-wingers claim will use transgender protections to get into women s restrooms to sexually harass and assault victims. That s actually what people are concerned about,  The Federalist columnist claimed.  They re less concerned about transgender people coming into bathrooms than they are about men using this as a way to get into locker rooms with women and to exploit that opportunity to participate in some kind of criminal act. Of course, predators can already do that and no law will stop them from doing it anyway if they are stupid enough to do it. Besides, sexual assault is a crime whether transgender people are protected by the law or not. So men who willfully go into women s locker rooms and sexually assault them are going to be arrested and jailed for it.These anti-LGBT  bathroom bills,  however, criminalize the act of going to the bathroom and have more to do with bigotry than they do with preventing crimes that haven t even happened yet. It sounds like many of these Republicans have watched the film Minority Report one too many times.And that s the exact point Chris Wallace made in response to Domenech s claim. We actually tried to find out whether it is a public safety issue,  Wallace said.  Whether it is a problem with transgender people misusing bathrooms to prey on others. Wallace then hit conservatives with a PolitiFact ruling stating that they  haven t found any instance of criminals convicted of using transgender as cover in the United States. Neither have any left-wing groups or right-wing groups. Indeed, in 17 states and over 200 cities across the country that have passed transgender protections, there has not been a single example of a predator using the protections to get into a women s bathroom. This seems to be a solution in search of a problem,  Wallace observed.Fox analyst Juan Williams agreed and used the example of a North Carolina Sheriff who said that he had never dealt with this issue over the course of his entire 40 year career in law enforcement. Republicans are creating a  wedge issue,  Williams explained, so that they can court the votes of evangelicals in the same way that Republicans did by putting anti-same sex marriage initiatives on the ballot in 2004. Only this time, the transgender issue isn t having the same power because most of the population doesn t consider transgender people to be a problem.Here s the video via YouTube.These  bathroom bills  are nothing more than a bigoted effort by Republicans to legalize discrimination against the LGBT community and states that have foolishly passed them are facing severe backlash that has resulted in corporations cancelling projects and entertainers cancelling shows. The federal government is even looking into whether federal funding in these states should be revoked over violations of federal anti-discrimination laws which could cost these states billions of dollars.The fact is that Republicans are creating an imaginary issue to justify the passage of bigoted laws and they have brought shame and economic ruin to their states in pursuit of nods of approval from an ever-shrinking evangelical population who wish to use religion as a shield to excuse discriminating against certain groups of people.But Fox News just shattered the bullshit claim made by conservatives to defend these bigoted laws. So the question is what excuse will they invent next?Featured image via screenshot",0
6732, Henry Rollins DESTROYS North Carolina’s GOP Governor For Signing Anti-LGBT Law,"Bigoted North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory is going to be nothing more than a footnote in history who everyone forgets about as far as Henry Rollins is concerned.In a column for LA Weekly, the singer, actor, and television presenter known for hosting programs on the History Channel wrote about how the Republican governor will be little remembered after this shameful time in North Carolina comes to an end. It seems like a long way to go to please a handful of hicks, but obviously the governor was losing sleep over all those poor homophobes shaking in their boots as to who is in the stall next to them, and he took action,  Rollins wrote.The ink was not even dry on the anti-LGBT bill McCrory signed into law before corporations, activists, and entertainers began hammering the state for legalizing discrimination.Paypal has cancelled a project in the state that would have created hundreds of jobs. The NBA is considering pulling the All-Star game out of Charlotte. Bruce Springsteen, Ringo Starr, and several other entertainers have cancelled performances in North Carolina in protest of the law. And the state faces losing millions of dollars that flows into the state from the federal government. All of this is costing the state dearly as Republicans continue to refuse to repeal the discriminatory law.HB2 allows business owners to discriminate against LGBT customers and employees and they can hide behind their Bibles and scream  religious freedom  to do so.Rollins also detests the bigoted law and warned McCrory that people will want to forget his legacy and that he ever existed for the way he has embarrassed North Carolina during his tenure as governor. The truth is that no one cares what his name is,  Rollins continued.  He will be dimly remembered as the asshole who signed that f*cked-up bill that embarrassed the majority of North Carolinians. If McCrory eventually caves and tries to repeal it, everyone will know it s because he values money over his homophobia, which he has poorly disguised as moral rectitude and common sense. Either way he s f*cked. Rollins also hilariously smacked down North Carolina GOP Rep. Mark Walker for whining about Bruce Springsteen cancelling the concert. Punching himself in the dick, North Carolina Congressman Mark Walker described Springsteen as  known to be on the radical left,  then generously added,  He s got every right to be so,  but considers Springsteen s cancellation a bully tactic. In a sad attempt to show how  with it  he is, Walker quipped,  We ve got other artists coming soon   Def Leppard, Justin Bieber. The congressman added,  I ve never been a Bieber fan, but I might have to go. Maybe artists who weren t  born to run  deserve a little bit more support.  Do they hand out free bags of dumbfuck at red lights in N.C.? Mic. Dropped.Republicans seriously need to give up their effort to legalize bigotry in this country under the guise of religious liberty because it is clearly backfiring.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6733, The Republican Clerk Who Wiped Thousands From The NY Rolls Just Got Very Bad News,"Republican Clerk Diane Haslett-Rudiano is living proof that voter fraud exists, but not in the way her party is selling it. They would have you believe that dead people are voting by the thousands; that entire congressional districts are won by people who moved away decades ago. You ll hear stories of illegals storming the southern border at great peril to their own lives so they can vote in American elections. Those stories would be all false. We know why Republicans want to keep people from voting. If enough people voted, things would change.Haslett-Rudiano was handed something we don t hear about often enough in these kinds of matters: She was suspended without pay pending an investigation. The translation to that is that it doesn t look good that whatever this woman was involved in cost thousands of New Yorkers their right to vote. According to Telesur TV:The board may fire her as soon as Tuesday, and the New York Daily News reported that colleagues said she is being  forced out. Why is it alleged that 125,000 people have been removed from the voter rolls? Why did 60,000 people receive notices to vote that didn t have the primary date? Why were people told they were in the wrong polling place time and time again?  New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer told CBS 2.  The next president of the United States could very easily be decided tonight and yet the incompetence of the Board of Elections puts a cloud over these results. The New York Attorney General said he received over 1,000 voter complaints, compared to 150 complaints in 2012. Haslett-Rudiano is thought to have skipped a step in a regular protocol of updating the voter list with deaths and changes of address.The error resulted in nearly 8 percent of Brooklyn s registered voters being denied their ballot.She skipped a step. Oops! Who gets the shaft? The registered, disenfranchised voter. In Brooklyn, they re probably hoping to hit more Democrats. Eight percent of any population is mind-blowing. It s a potential game-changer no matter where you go. The lengths the GOP will go to see to it that people lose interest in the voting process are astounding. They ll enact  voter fraud  legislation and pull tactics that have folks remembering voting as some line they used to stand in for no reason.Keep your corporate shills in office, gut education so you can cultivate more Republicans, and hope you don t lose too much in the next crash. The Republican way.Featured image by Stephanie Keith/Getty Images",0
6734, Maine GOP Governor’s Statement On Drug Overdoses Proves ‘Pro-Life Republicans’ Don’t Exist,"If I were to tell you that Republicans simply hate regular American citizens, that wouldn t be news. To suggest that they just wish the poor, criminals, and other less advantaged segments of society would do them a favor and just die already, wouldn t come as a shock either.However, what is a bit shocking is to hear a Republican SAY IT so boldly and in such a smug and self-righteous manner.Maine s Republican governor, Paul LePage, just vetoed a bill that would allow pharmacists to provide anti-overdose drugs for use on victims without a prescription. If that isn t  bad enough, wait till you read his reason why.Pro-life? Yeah right.LePage proudly announced his support of increased overdose deaths, saying that using anti-overdose drugs  serves only to perpetuate the cycle of addiction. LePage said that the drug, Naxolone, doesn t  save lives    it only extends them until the next overdose.A governor of a U.S. state just literally said that he would rather his own citizens DIE than be able to get assistance with a drug that could prevent death long enough to get them to a hospital. HOW THE HELL IS HE STILL IN OFFICE?Why stop there? Why not just say ALL medical treatment or medicine should be made unavailable because it only extends life? Got meningitis? Tough luck, you will only grow old and die anyway some day. Cancer? Screw you. Go die in the corner.It s important to remember too, that there is currently a serious heroin use epidemic going on in northeastern states, Maine in particular. Having this drug available without a prescription, to be kept in the case of an emergency, could mean the difference between life and death for thousands of people who struggle with addiction.Paul LePage is the perfect personification of all the hate, contempt, greed, and joy in the harm of others that is at the rotten heart of modern American conservatism. Pro-life, my ass.Watch Rachel rip the hell out of a genuinely terrible Republican below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6735, Amy Schumer Attacks Anti-Choice Republicans In Hilarious New Sketch (VIDEO),"Whenever Amy Schumer has aimed to make a feminist statement, she s hit her mark perfectly. She s back on television for the fourth season of her Comedy Central show  Inside Amy Schumer,  and she s delivered another spot-on sketch about the GOP s never-ending war on women, and the absurdity of male politicians making personal decisions for women.For the show s premiere, Schumer opened with a hilariously accurate skit about women s healthcare. During the sketch, Amy is at her OBGYN s office to get her pap smear when she realizes that instead of her gynecologist, she ll be seen by four politicians from a fictitious House Committee on Women s Health.Schumer demands to know where the real doctor is, and one of the congressmen replies with the very logic that has been used by several GOP lawmakers:  We re the House Committee on Women s Health! So I think we have a better idea than a bunch of science-y nerdles. The four fake congressmen then pull out clipboards and bombard Schumer with a bunch of misogynistic questions about her sex life and vaginal health. They shame Schumer s sexual history, call her menstruation cycle a  lady curse  and refer to tampons as  blood diapers.  One politician is completely silent during the whole thing, aside from randomly inserting  ew  as Schumer tells her ill-advised committee about her vagina or period.The conversation with the clueless politicians goes pretty much exactly how actual discussions with Republican lawmakers go when it comes to women s bodies, their health and their human rights. After getting through all the committee s invasive questions, Schumer finally is ready to get her pap smear. But as she puts her legs in the stirrups, she finds that she is surrounded by an even larger group of male politicians watching her. She objects: What? Wait. I feel a lot more comfortable with a woman in here. Aren t there any women on the Women s Health Committee? Driving Schumer s point home, a congressman giggles and makes the condescending remark, That would be like letting the lions run the zoo!  You can watch the hilarious but true episode below:Inside Amy SchumerSchumer absolutely nailed it by pointing out exactly how ridiculous it is that we have male politicians   who are completely clueless and unqualified   making legislature on behalf of women s bodies and health.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6736, Trump Tries To Imitate Hillary Clinton In Attempt To Be Funny — Fails Miserably (VIDEO),"While Donald Trump may be winning among those taking part in the Republican primaries, his method for garnering votes will probably not hold up as well in the general election if he were to be the GOP nominee. So far, he s been incredibly racist and xenophobic, not to mention sexist, juvenile and just outright rude. All things that play well with a large part of the Republican base, and Trump clearly knows this.Knowing he s getting closer and closer to securing the Republican nomination, and knowing Hillary Clinton is very close to securing the Democratic nomination, Trump has made a clear pivot to the general election in his campaign strategy. Now, instead of making fun of his GOP competitors like Cruz and Kasich, he s putting more energy into making fun of Hillary Clinton. And I say  making fun,   that is literally in the most sophomoric sense it can be taken.While in Connecticut, Trump decided he would imitate the former Secretary of State and how she conducts herself with speeches. You know, like an adult   like a person who wants to be president.After talking about how many have asked him to be  more presidential,  he tells his crowd he simply can t do such a thing, because he needs to rile up and entertain his crowds so they don t fall asleep. Then he brings out his new attack line and nickname for Clinton and asks the crowd,  have you ever seen Crooked Hillary?  then imitates her walking on stage. Then he says,  Hello. How are you? This is Crooked Hillary Clinton?  and of course his crowd ate it up, because let s be real, they d be entertained by a paper bag floating in the wind ( oooh, so pretty! ).The imitation wasn t only horrible, it was in horrible taste. Trump is a man vying for the highest office in the entire nation and whoever wins the election will be leader of the free world, and he clearly thinks being a vile, misogynistic child is the way to behave to gain people s respect.Trump doesn t deserve our respect, he deserves our condemnation, and any decent person with half a brain should agree. So, let him perform for his crowd of imbecilic simpletons. The adults who will be deciding the general election will make damn sure he never sets foot in the Oval Office.Watch his insane performance here:.@realDonaldTrump says acting ""presidential"" is easy, does a Hillary Clinton impression: https://t.co/0SZwzCgxxz https://t.co/pRiNYg0Vbl  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) April 23, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6737, Trump Imitates Indian Call Center Worker In Latest Racist Tirade On Campaign Trail (VIDEO),"If one were to best describe Donald Trump, especially at one of his campaign rallies, he would be the living embodiment of a Fox News Facebook comment section   just full of vile, fear-filled, xenophobic, racist, hate-filled rhetoric.Making sure he lives up to this reputation while on the campaign trail in Delaware, Trump decided he would tell people about his experiences with call centers, primarily those that are overseas. And while these call centers are taking away American jobs, the people who work in these centers overseas are human beings trying to make an honest day s wage for themselves, and should be treated as such.However, Trump decided to do what he always does, and with no regard for who s he s throwing under the bus because he has a point to make, decided to imitate a call center worker from India.Trump said that he called the center to pretend he was checking on his credit card, then asked the worker,  Where are you from?  and that s when he did the impression, saying  We are from India,  in his disgusting attempt to pander to his racist and xenophobic crowd. Trump then supposedly said to the call center,  Oh, great. That s wonderful. Thank you very much, that s all I need to know,  and proceeds to pretend to hang up the phone.Did he make this story up? Probably, but it doesn t make it any less racist.Here s the thing, Trump doesn t care who he s offending as long as he s winning. He s fanning the flames of racism and hatred everywhere he goes, because it s clearly working, and that should terrify all of us.We need to make sure Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office come November. He s not only bad for the nation, but it would be devastating for the entire world.Donald Trump says he called his credit-card company just to see if an Indian call center answered https://t.co/Cdv0korqNo  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) April 22, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6738, Fact: Superdelegates Have Never Determined The Democratic Nominee,"As the Democratic Primary heats up heading into yet another  Super Tuesday   where Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Maryland, Delaware and Connecticut will decide who to support for the 2016 presidential election, questions (and hostilities) are flaring up yet again over the designation of superdelegates.Questions remain whether or not Hillary Clinton will be able to amass the 2,383 delegates needed to secure a nomination without the support of superdelegates. Clinton s campaign says they are not worried about falling short, but Jane Sanders, wife of presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, thinks otherwise. However, after a crushing blow in New York, team Sanders has had to come up with a new strategy if they hope to win the nomination   that strategy, according to reports, is to persuade superdelegates to back him, a move the Clinton campaign has cried foul on.But in all, it really doesn t matter one way or another. What many people may not know is the superdelegate system, since its introduction in the 1984 election, has never determined who the Democratic nominee is.That s right. Superdelegates have never been responsible for putting Walter Mondale, Michael Dukakis, Bill Clinton, Al Gore, John Kerry or Barack Obama on the national stage for the general election. In 2008, the primary showdown between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton was even closer than it is now, and still superdelegates weren t responsible for Obama s win.While appearing on Fox News with Maria Bartiromo, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, head of the DNC and a congresswoman from Florida, reminded audiences of this crucial fact, as hostility intensifies within the party.Politifact decided to fact check this claim, using information and second opinions from a multitude of political scientists, and concluded that Wasserman Schultz is right (with one little detail left out), and gave the rating as  Mostly True,  writing:The first election where Democrats used superdelegates was in 1984, where they helped Mondale secure the nomination on the first ballot at the convention. It s not clear that they were the  determining  factor. Some say Mondale would have won without them.Since that time, a Democrat has won the nomination early enough where the superdelegates haven t mattered.What that means is the elections between two candidates (or more) in the Democratic primary have never been so close that superdelegates were needed to break the  tie  or push one candidate over the edge to victory. By the time the conventions have rolled around, it s been clear who the people (and pledged delegates) have picked.Only Mondale got help with superdelegates, but sources differ on whether they determined his win.Essentially, the superdelegates have been a symbolic vote by those within the Democratic ranks as to see which direction they want the party to head in. But why should we have them, then? According to the Wasserman Schultz, their purpose is to make sure that party activists who want to be delegates to the convention don t have to run against much better-known and well-established people at the district level. So whether or not you love them or hate them, just remember they have never been responsible for nominating the candidate you love or hate. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6739, Florida Doctor Fired For Attacking Uber Driver (VIDEO),"A Miami doctor has been fired after a video of her assaulting and screaming profanities at an Uber driver went viral.Jackson Health System announced on Friday that they are terminating Anjali Ramkissoon, 30, a four-year neurology resident for her actions in the video. They released a statement that said: Jackson Health System is moving forward with the termination of Dr. Anjali Ramkissoon, a resident doctor. She is entitled to an appeal process. The assault took place in January and the doctor was initially put on probation. In the video, an extremely drunk Ramkissoon is seen hitting, kicking and cursing at the driver. The Uber driver is seen trying to restrain her, but after she kicked him he threw her to the ground and ran to his car. Ramkissoon got up, went to the car, opened the door and started throwing things out of his vehicle. There is absolutely no excuse for my actions. I am so sorry. I have hurt so many people with this. My family, my friends, my job, the Uber driver. Nobody deserves to be treated that way. That s not me. Unfortunately for her, the apology was not enough to save her job   and rightfully so. I have been drunk many times and have never used it as an excuse to assault another human being. At thirty years old, she should know how to handle herself. While I understand that alcohol makes some people act a fool, as a neurologist she should know what happens to her brain when she drinks too much   it makes her actions even less excusable.Hopefully, she has learned how to control herself. It would be a shame to see all of that education go to waste.Watch the assault:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6740, Guess Which Supreme Court Justice Got Caught SLEEPING During A Case (IMAGE),"These days, a certain few justices on the Supreme Court (the Republicans, of course) are known to be doing little more than occupying space and selling their votes to the corporate owners of the Republican Party. The one who is most notorious for being a useless sack of protoplasm is Justice Clarence Thomas. The guy never says a word. He just sits there, staring into space and waiting until he can render his verdict. It s a contemptible type of conduct for someone who is supposed to help decide on issues that are of grave importance to millions of   if not all   Americans on a daily basis.Thomas has openly admitted in the past that he has a work ethic that can be summed up best by the word  zero.  There were times he had admitted that he decided how he would rule on a case before it even started. This is literally judicial malpractice. As a judge, the essence of how you do your job is tied to listening to evidence and making a conclusion based on the facts in an impartial way. What Clarence Thomas does is a complete abdication of his responsibilities as a Supreme Court justice.So  you must be wondering,  What does Clarence Thomas do all day at work if he doesn t actually DO or even SAY anything? You ll get your answer by hitting the play button below:look at this drawing from SCOTUS oral arguments yesterday pic.twitter.com/eSTR9IiEfN  sarah jeong (@sarahjeong) April 22, 2016A courtroom artist decided to be brutally honest and draw Clarence Thomas doing exactly what he does   sleeping on the job.Yes, a judge on the highest court in the free world, responsible for deciding cases of monumental importance to the function of our republic, finds it to be just fine to just sit and sleep during his work day. After all, it s not like he will have anything to say! Why not just sit there and sleep while getting paid. Right?This is the trash you get when you have Republican presidents. This is why it s important to vote.Featured image via Wikicommons",0
6741, Watch Bill Maher Absolutely SHRED Trump For Trying To Clean Up His Image (VIDEO),"Bill Maher LOVES ripping Donald Trump apart, and Friday night s Real Time was no exception. As the media has recently been fawning over the Republican frontrunner s new politically correct persona and celebrating the fact that it has been a few days since Trump has disrespected or offended anyone, Maher took it upon himself to set the record straight.During his show, Maher was joined by his panelists, author Charles Cooke, Leslie Stahl of 60 Minutes, and CNN s Van Jones, to talk about Trump s new public image   a move that Trump s newly hired senior aide, Paul Manafort, was behind. It seems that Trump s campaign has finally caught on to the fact that the candidate s vulgar, brash personality is working against him as the general election approaches, and Manafort has been trying to get the business mogul to tone it down. Since Trump has been playing nice lately, the conservative media hasn t stopped gushing over how  presidential  he is.Remarking on Manafort s comments that Trump has merely been  playing a part  this whole time, Stahl wondered, They re trying to tell the [Republican] party that he s going to change, that they re gonna  fix  his personality  he can t do that. How s he gonna change his personality? Maher was quick to jump in and made a hilarious connection between Trump and dichotomous comedian Andrew Dice Clay, who switches identities whenever he feels like it. Imitating what Trump might sound like, Maher said: He doesn t have to. Sometimes he goes  I m done being Andrew. I m Dice now.  And then Trump puts on the leather jacket:  Hey, hickory dickery dock / a Mexican went up the fucking clock! You can watch Maher s entire takedown below:Manafort s comments about Trump s personality are reminiscent of something Trump endorser and former candidate Ben Carson said about The Donald when he was explaining why he was supporting him. Completely leaving out the part where Trump bribed him with a job, Carson said: First of all, I ve come to know Donald Trump over the last few years. He s actually a very intelligent man who cares deeply about America. There are two different Donald Trumps. There s the one you see on the stage and there s the one who s very cerebral, sits there and considers things very carefully. Hardly believable. Trump s team can try to repaint Trump s personality all they want, but they ll never be able to hide his ignorance, intolerance and bigotry. Featured image via Vince Bucci / Getty Images",0
6742," Costa Mesa Official: If You Don’t Make Enough To Live Here, Get Out","California is one of the most expensive areas of the nation to live in. That s no secret. However, there are plenty of people who live there who aren t high-rolling actors, singers, producers, and other wealthy Beverly Hills types. There are plenty of everyday folks who live in California, and many are being priced out of their homes and neighborboods. This problem is something that people are attempting to resolve in Costa Mesa, through ordinances regarding development, but one official has a completely heartless  solution  for poor families who cannot afford to live there: move somewhere else.The idea of an ordinance to make a town affordable for a variety of income levels sounds like a good one, right? Well, not to city council members in Costa Mesa. The original idea was that there would be a choice for housing developers: either have some units that almost anyone could afford, or pay the city for the privilege of providing only luxury housing. However, the entire idea has now been shelved. Council member Katrina Foley says of the original idea, which she personally championed: The goal is to try to protect the quality of the community   don t overbuild it, use measured development that is planned and thoughtful. I don t see that we re doing that in any way, shape or form, and we re definitely not providing housing for our workforce. Another member of the Costa Mesa City Council, Sandy Genis, says the ordinance would essentially apply to those developers who somehow benefit from building in Costa Mesa: If we re giving something, we need to get something. If we re going to have a healthy community, we need to have housing for our workers. The thing is, though, the idea for the ordinance in Costa Mesa is not a new one. The ever-increasing costs of living in a place like California mean that, according to records, one-third of cities and counties in California have adopted some form of inclusionary zoning.  As it should. California does not have an asterisk next to its name that says  only rich people welcome. However, Mayor Pro Tem Jim Righeimer is totally heartless on the matter. He says he is, quote,  completely against  affordable housing ordinances, and insists that if people cannot afford Costa Mesa, they need to pick up and go elsewhere: I m going to be very clear, and this is a wakeup call to people: If you cannot afford to live here and your kids can t have decent housing, you should look at where you can afford. That is, of course, the most cold-hearted response to this housing crisis this horrible man could come up with. Does he really think poor families can afford to move across the country at the drop of a hat? Hell, the move itself would cost thousands. That s not even including the part about switching schools for children, finding new jobs, finding places to live in a new location, leaving extended family behind   the list goes on and on.Does this guy even think about what he is saying here? Mr. Righeimer, we re all aware of how expensive California is to live in, and it is that expense that is the problem, not the poor people you want to price out of their homes.You, sir, have no business holding office anywhere if you cannot represent all of your constituents   including the poor ones.Featured image via Mark Boster/Getty Images",0
6743, Oklahoma Republican: God Will Pay Legal Expenses And Save Economy If We Ban Abortion,"Republican delusion never ceases to reach new ridiculous heights of absolute stupidity.In their race to make Oklahoma the most anti-abortion state in the nation, Republicans passed SB1552 in the House this week. The legislation now moves to the Senate where it will likely also pass before then heading to the desk of GOP Governor Mary Fallin, who will likely sign it into law. You know, because hating women and costing taxpayers millions of dollars to defend an unconstitutional law is what Republicans obsess with these days.But one Republican actually argued that Oklahoma taxpayers shouldn t worry about the cost of the legal expenses because according to him, God will pay the costs.Despite the fact that Oklahoma faces a $1.3 billion deficit, GOP state Rep. David Brumbaugh excused passing the bill by claiming that God will fix the state s crumbling economy and pay all the legal expenses resulting from forthcoming lawsuits if they do the  moral  thing and ban abortion. Everybody talks about this $1.3 billion deficit,  Brumbaugh said on Thursday.  If we take care of the morality, God will take care of the economy. I ve heard almost every argument today about judicial challenge to this legislation and after much prayer and study, I ask myself this question,  he continued.  Do we make laws because they re moral and right, or do we make them based on what an unelected judicial occupant might question or overturn? No, Rep. Brumbaugh. We make laws in this country based on the Constitution and the Supreme Court has ruled that the 14th Amendment prohibits banning women from making private choices regarding their own bodies, and that includes the right to choose to have an abortion.But if SB1552 passes in Oklahoma, women across that state will no longer get a choice because the bill makes it a law that doctors who perform an abortion other than for a woman who has suffered a miscarriage or their life is in danger to have their license revoked. In short, women would not even be able to get an abortion within the first 13 weeks of pregnancy when 90 percent of abortions occur because doctors would be faced with having their license to practice medicine taken away from them. Basically, Republicans are trying to ban abortion by punishing doctors who perform the procedure.Brumbaugh went on to compare abortion to slavery and then scoffed at the fact that the bill is unconstitutional. Don t let people tell you,  Unconstitutional arguments, Roe v. Wade,  all this,  he said.Once again, a Republican insanely believes that passing certain legislation will please God enough that all of our problems will be magically fixed. Taxpayers in Oklahoma should be outraged that one of their own representatives is trying to dupe them in this way to excuse a bill that would strip millions of women of their reproductive rights.Featured Image: YouTube",0
6744," Hillary Lambasted Trump’s Hateful Rhetoric By Mocking His Ridiculous Tweets, And It’s Hilarious","When it comes to political campaign strategies, Donald Trump clearly believes he can hate and insult his way into the Oval Office. So far, it s working in the Republican primary, because let s face it, the GOP has become a party of hateful rhetoric and building up fear of anyone other than those who look and act exactly as they do (predominantly white, heterosexual,  Christian,  etc.). However, that strategy, most likely, will not work in the general election, because the rest of America sees Trump as the ridiculous mudslinger that he actually is.Pointing this out in a pretty hilarious way was none other than Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton. She, or her campaign staff with her approval, took to Twitter to put Trump on blast about his hateful tone and rhetoric. After all, Trump is already pivoting to the general and referring to Clinton as  Crooked Hillary.  It s a technique he s been using in the primaries against his Republican opposition, so he figures he should try it out for the general as well.What did Hillary tweet out? A Washington Post article highlighting pretty much every hateful and disparaging thing Trump has said throughout his campaign, with every paragraph beginning,  Remember when  Yet, she introduced the article on Twitter by hilariously mocking the way Trump tweets. All too often you ll see Trump tweet something out, and it will be followed with a one word sentence    Sad! Well, Hillary did just that right back at him.Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad! https://t.co/0Vvw0m36ZX  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 23, 2016If Trump wants to pretend he s a politician and enter into the biggest political race in the entire world with no experience whatsoever, he s in for a boat-load of  f*ck you  from the Clinton campaign if they face off in the general election. Trump may be able to get away with going after his Republican opponents, because let s face it, they re weak and inexperienced themselves, but the Clintons?? Haaaa! Good luck with that. If you dish it, Hillary will take it, puree it, and serve it back to you with a cherry on top.We re in for a bumpy and very amusing ride throughout the coming months.Featured Photos by Justin Sullivan/Scott Olson/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6745, Bill Maher Hilariously Humiliates Ted Cruz With Facts You Didn’t Know About Him (VIDEO),"Bill Maher had every one of his panelists in stitches as he read these.During Real Time on Friday night, the HBO host noted that Us Weekly ran a list of 25 things we don t know about Hillary Clinton. After lampooning some of them, Maher declared that the other candidates deserve equal time.So he and his staff put together 25 things we don t know about Ted Cruz and read some of them during the show, and guest panelist Van Jones couldn t help but laugh his ass off, which greatly amused Maher. I spent my entire freshman year of high school stuffed in a locker,  Maher began about Cruz. As a child I used to imagine what it must be like to have an imaginary friend. My nickname at Princeton was F*ckface Mirrors don t show my reflection. I named the stick up my ass,  Hank. At that point, Jones was laughing so hard that Maher told him he should take some heart medication. And then he continued. My Cuban half once robbed my Canadian half at gunpoint. My children love to play hide and seek, sometimes for weeks at a time. Jesus once descended from heaven just to punch me in the face. Here s the video via Twitter. I smell with my tongue   and 25 other things you didn t know about Ted Cruz, thanks to @BillMaher. WATCH:https://t.co/pToAJBnMBC  Real Time (@RealTimers) April 23, 2016This is without a doubt the most hilarious take-down of Ted Cruz to date. And he totally deserves it.While Republican front-runner Donald Trump seems to be saying stuff just to make conservatives happy even if he may not necessarily truly believe what he is saying himself, Ted Cruz actually does believe the bullshit he says. Ted Cruz is probably the most dangerous candidate in the GOP field, but the good news is that most Americans, including his own Republican colleagues, hate him. And that makes him the perfect fodder for comedians like Bill Maher.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6746, Oklahoma GOP Just Took Their War On Women To A Whole New Level Of Crazy,"Republicans in Oklahoma just took their war on women and placed it on the doorsteps on doctors in the state.Late Thursday evening, the House of Representatives in the state, overwhelmingly approved a Senate bill that could revoke the licenses of doctors if they perform an abortion. Yahoo News reported:In the Republican-dominated legislature, the state s House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved a Senate bill late on Thursday. Governor Mary Fallin, a Republican, has not yet indicated whether she will sign it.Under the bill, doctors who perform abortions would risk losing their medical licenses. Exemptions would be given for those who perform the procedure for reasons including protecting the mother or removing a miscarried fetus.According to the author of the bill, Senator Nathan Dahm, the bill was necessary because, This is our proper function, to protect life.  Republicans often say that they are protecting life when they interfere with a woman s right to choose, but the reality is that they are just pandering to the religious nuts in their voting base.As I have said a million times before, if the GOP was even a little bit  pro-life  they would do absolutely everything they could to prevent unwanted pregnancies. This means they would make sure that children were given a comprehensive education about sex; they oppose that. Republicans would also make sure that birth control (all forms) were easily available to women and men; they oppose that. If these imbeciles were pro-life, they would want to make sure all children were fed; they oppose foodstamps. Pro-lifers would also make sure that kids had medical care, even if their parents can t afford to pay for it; they oppose Medicaid expansion. Finally, if the right were actually pro-life, they would never send our kids off to die in their wars, bomb families in the Middle East, and they certainly would not support the death penalty; and yet, they do all of those things.This bill in Oklahoma bans abortion, make no mistake about that. And it doesn t ban it because the right loves babies and respects human life. It bans abortion because the right hates women and they especially hate when women have sex. It bans abortion because the GOP wants to punish  whores  who open their legs and it lets men off without any ramifications.This is just another way for men to exert their power over women. Fortunately, for the women in Oklahoma, if the female governor of the state decides to side with the right-wing jackasses in her party and sign the bill into law, it is completely unconstitutional and will never hold up in court.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6747, The Federalist Runs Ridiculously Offensive Story Claiming Republican Women Are More Attractive,"Conservative website The Federalist often bills itself as the respectable, serious alternative to many of the toxic right-wing watering holes that proliferate online, but every so often their true colors shine through. Guess what? They can be just as awful.Federalist writer Henry Scanlon was ogling some young women at this year s CPAC and came to the conclusion that the women who share his views on limited government and Ayn Rand are  incredibly attractive,  whereas the women on the left are manly. What follows   in a 2,000 word screed   goes from delusional to offensive to just plain pathetic almost at every paragraph. It s a stunningly offensive piece of fantasy that manages to demean liberal women and condescend to conservative ones in the very same breath.Here s what Scanlon, a middle-aged married man, says he noticed at CPAC:The young women who attend CPAC are spectacular. No kidding: What s up with this concentration of incredibly attractive young, conservative women? It s noticeable and remarkable. They are beautiful and stylish in the way French women often are, which is to say in their own way, not in a conforming or predictable way. They all look like the girl the high school quarterback wants to date, and they are confident, relaxed, and smart, joking amongst themselves.Could it be that they were joking amongst themselves about the creepy old guy staring at them from across the convention hall? Just a thought.Scanlon has two theories as to why conservative women are attractive. His own is based in science. The other, what he calls  a woman s explanation  is about French fashion. His  scientific    and let s use that word loosely here   explanation is that young women who dare read Ayn Rand despite the evil mainstream media demonizing the libertarian movement makes them  the prettiest, smartest girls  because they have an inner confidence.His wife, providing the  women s perspective , said it was because conservative women don t act like boys, which is ugly. Instead, she says, they are willing to take fashion risks, just like trendsetters in Paris.Scanlon also surmises that women on the right are more beautiful because being  politically correct  gives women wrinkles.Women of the Right are allowed to accept obvious things rather than engage in exhausting psychic gymnastics to get to a place that is politically correct, while preposterous. If a thug murders a pregnant woman, he should be charged with two murders, not just one, and women of the Right feel no compulsion to weary themselves by filing amicus briefs on behalf of the murderer to nullify the second killing because the unborn baby does not qualify as human life.He concludes that conservative women are just  freer  (in ideology, if not in, say, the right to decide what happens to their bodies) and that inner beauty makes them outwardly beautiful as well. And this being the Federalist, Scanlon attributes that to God favoring registered Republicans.Put another way, maybe what I m noticing is simply women who have been liberated by their worldview to be who they are, uniquely and confidently, unabashedly and apologetically, unencumbered by the politically correct constraints imposed on women of the Left, and the result is a kind of essential womanhood that, far from being oppressive, as the Left would have it, is instead, miraculous and quintessential, and, you could say, God-given.Bravo, Henry Scanlon, you ve managed to reduce women to either being ugly, oppressed liberals or angelic eye candy right-wing men can salivate over at conservative conventions. It s no small wonder why the Republican Party has had an incredibly difficult time appealing to women in this election.Featured image via Fox",0
6748, Jimmy John’s Thinks $1 Sandwiches Are Going To Make Us Forgive Their Horrible Right-Wing CEO,"This week Jimmy John s sandwiches offered $1 subs as a promotion for  Customer Appreciation Day,  hoping to revamp their image after the public caught wind of owner  Jimmy John Liautaud s disgusting business practices and hunting fetishes.The company started posted their $1 sandwich day on Facebook and Instagram earlier this week and people immediately called them out. According to Raw Story, the admin on the business  official Facebook page began deleting comments from posters who pointed out just how shady their CEO is. Specifically, anyone who reminded potential customer s about Liautaud s history as a big game hunter, had their comments immediately deleted.In 2015, the CEO admitted to the Chicago Tribune that he had killed a rhinoceros, elephants, and a leopard in the past, but claimed he doesn t hunt there anymore: I choose to hunt and I choose to fish,  he said.  Everything I ve done has been totally legal. And the meat has been eaten, if not by me than by someone I m with. I don t hunt big African game anymore. He claimed that it had been ten years since his last hunt in Africa, even though the pictures that outed him were from 2010.In addition to killing innocent elephants, Liautaud has contributed tens of thousands of dollars to the Republican Party. In 2011, Chicago Business reported:He s faced down a union-organizing drive and boycott in Minnesota. His Arizona franchisees have been picketed over his contributions to candidates who back that state s year-old anti-illegal immigration law. And he s stepped up his support of Republican candidates and causes, giving $100,000 to Sen. Bill Brady in the last few days of his losing gubernatorial bid and prominently co-hosting a big fundraiser Downstate last month for GOP presidential front-runner Mitt Romney, to name just two.He is also one of the disgusting CEOs who protested being forced to provide his employees with healthcare when the Affordable Care Act took effect. In fact, he hated it so much that he made an appearance on Fox News and said that he would begin cutting his workers  hours in an attempt to avoid it.As if all of that wasn t reason enough to avoid his company, in 2014 Democrats in the House of Representatives sent a letter to the Labor Department and Federal Trade Commission asking for them to investigate Jimmy John s after the company forced employees to sign non-compete agreements. The letter stated: There is no justifiable business interest in imposing such a restriction on restaurant employees that are not privy to any of the company s proprietary information. Furthermore, we believe this practice can intimidate working individuals, many of whom are struggling to support themselves and their families while earning barely above the minimum wage. With all of these unsavory facts out there, it s not surprising that Jimmy John s would try to woo people with $1 sandwiches. Unfortunately for them, there are thousands of people like me who want everyone to know how horrible the company and its CEO really are. It is going to take a helluva lot more than cheap sandwiches to make us forget all of this.Featured image Instagram ",0
6749, Republicans Poised For Massive Losses This November,"The Republican Party is tearing at the seams due to Donald Trump s frontrunner status for the party s presidential nomination. Thousands of Republicans will either refuse to vote for him or vote for Democrats to keep Donald Trump from taking over their party and ultimately the Oval Office. But Mr. Trump s campaign, along with Senator Ted Cruz who is also despised by many of his Republican colleagues and supporters of the party, have pulled Republicans far to the right, leaving moderate Republicans with nowhere to turn but the Democratic Party.Republicans currently have a majority in both the House and the Senate. Congress has been in gridlock since they took over. The GOP majority has consistently refused to do their jobs; they are more focused on obstructing President Obama than working with Democrats to solve the pressing problems facing our nation. This November, those do-nothing Republicans will pay the price by losing elections across the country, in addition to the presidential election.Republicans love to do nothing, so the Democrats will help them achieve those ambitions of doing nothing by no longer allowing them to be employed in Congress. Despite the pressing and timely concerns posed by the threat of climate change, Republicans refuse to acknowledge its existence and do nothing. When religious nutjob Kim Davis refused to do her job as a county clerk charged with issuing marriage licenses in Kentucky, Republicans applauded her propensity for not doing her job. When Paul Ryan became Speaker of the House, Republicans forced him to promise to not do anything on immigration reform, and bow to the party leaders  wishes for Congress to continue to do nothing better than before.Despite mass shootings occurring all over the country on a regular basis, the Republican Party has refused to take any action on gun control or mental health issues.  Every meaningful proposal or reform that is introduced into Songress is met with staunch resistance from the Republican Party, who refuses to act to help solve or mitigate any of the issues facing the country. With the Republican majority gone, Democrats can finally start solving some of the country s problems.Featured image via Flickr",0
6750, SICK: Republicans Write Letters Supporting Child Molester,"Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert, who molested children, received some support from his fellow Republicans as they submitted letters asking for leniency for Hastert after a recent conviction.Dennis Hastert s legal team filed dozens of letters in federal court in Chicago on Friday from individuals expressing support for the former House speaker in preparation for his sentencing on Wednesday.Rep. Tom DeLay, the former House majority whip who helped position Hastert for his role as speaker, wrote that he is a man of  strong faith  and  great integrity. Hastert pleaded guilty of setting up payments of at least $900,000 in order to silence a high school student he sexually abused while he worked as a wrestling coach in suburban Illinois. Two more students also allege that Hastert abused them, and the sister of a deceased student says Hastert abused her sibling as well.Hastert, a conservative Republican, served as Speaker of the House from 1999 to 2007. During that time he was part of the movement to impeach President Bill Clinton over an extramarital affair. Hastert had already committed his offenses by then.Former Majority Leader Tom DeLay, who was often the true muscle at Hastert s side during his time as second in line to the presidency, was not the only Republican who submitted letters asking for leniency for Hastert, due to his age and health problems.In addition to DeLay and members of Hastert s family, Hastert s former GOP colleagues Reps. Thomas Ewing, David Dreier, Porter Goss and John Doolittle also submitted letters of support. The letters were initially submitted under seal, but Durkin said they had to be filed publicly in order to be considered at Hastert s sentencing.In 2015, former Hastert student Steve Reinboldt s sister Jolene gave an interview to ABC News. She told them that her brother confessed to her that his first sexual experience was with Dennis Hastert, and that he never told anyone because he was afraid nobody would believe him. Her brother told her that Hastert abused him for all four years of high school because he served as equipment manager for the wrestling team and had easy access to him.During his time as Speaker of the House, Hastert reportedly worked with other Republicans to cover-up allegations that Rep. Mark Foley had engaged in inappropriate relationships with young Congressional pages.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6751, Eight Family Members Shot And Killed ‘Execution Style’ In Ohio (VIDEO),"Eight members of a family, seven adults and one teenager were shot and killed in rural Ohio in what authorities have described as an  execution style  homicide. Authorities say that all of the victims appear to have been shot in the back of the head. There were, however, three children who survived the shooting, all under the age of four. Ohio s attorney general Mike DeWine said: What makes this particularly grisly is the fact that you have these children involved who obviously were there when the executions took. The one mum was apparently killed in her bed with the four-day-old right there. It s just hard to believe. DeWine added that the killings may have taken place when the victims were in their beds adding,  You have one person who is armed and dangerous and there may be more than one, there may be two, there may be three. The victims were found Pike County, which is about 70 miles (112km) south of Ohio s capital, Columbus in separate homes. DeWine said: All of the victims are believed to possibly be members of the same family, and they were found in three Union Hill Road homes. The attorney general asked the public to contact authorities about any information that would lead to the capture of the suspect in the murders.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jjlsh9oRxl4]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6752, Phyllis Schlafly: Michele Bachmann Unqualified To Lead Conservative Movement,"Phyllis Schlafly, the rabid anti-feminist, anti-gay, anti-anything that makes sense grassroots organizer, thinks Michele Bachmann   yes, Michele Bachmann   is completely unqualified to pick up the torch and lead the family values movement.For once, Phyllis Schlafly and liberals agree on something.Schlafly, 91, is facing a coup by her own daughter and other members of her organization, The Eagle Forum, after endorsing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. Other members of the forum were unaware and taken aback by Schlafly s endorsement, and would have rather backed Texas Senator Ted Cruz.While appearing on right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones  radio show, Schlafly contends that after passing over her daughter, Anne Cori, for the position of successor, all hell began to break loose. The forum handpicked a successor, Ed Martin, but that notion quickly went down in flames.It was Schlafly s pick for a successor that shouldn t have surprised anyone: Michele Bachmann.The former Congresswoman from Minnesota and failed presidential candidate is almost identical in every way to Schlafly. They are both anti-woman, anti-gay, anti-science and oppose anything progressive. It seemed like a perfect match. Bachmann even recorded a moving tribute to Schlafly, who she called the pioneer of the modern conservative woman and her personal  heroine. However, as Schlafly got to know the Congresswoman on a more personal level, the quicker she realized Bachmann was completely unqualified to succeed her. Telling Alex Jones: A lot of our people wanted us to pick Michele Bachmann, and she certainly has a lot of talent, a very fine speaker and so forth. But she knew nothing about running an organization and she knew nothing about politics outside of her own domain. Ouch. Even Michele Bachmann is too stupid to lead an organization of equally stupid people. Add that to the list of things she s failed at.I m not quite sure what  her own domain  means, but if she s talking about Bachmann s fantasy-land inspired politics, than yes, she knows nothing.Here s Bachmann s cringe worthy tribute to Schlafly:Featured image via Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images",0
6753," Curt Schilling Doubles Down On Transgender Hate On Facebook, Adds Racism (IMAGE)","After ESPN fired washed-up MLB pitcher Curt Schilling, and rightfully so, for posting an extremely transphobic image on his Facebook page, he decided that wasn t enough hate, so now he s added some racism to the mix.Clearly pissed that he lost his job, Schilling decided to repost an image put out by conservative blogger and wannabe comedian Steven Crowder. In the image it throws noted writer and activist Shaun King under the bus in its pathetic attempt to be funny. Which, I m sure to the myopic, racist and transphobic crowd Crowder plays to, is hilarious.The image says: Liberal Logic:Shaun King: Fakes being a black man. Gets Promotion.Curt Schilling: Thinks men should use men s bathrooms. Fired by ESPN. Here s the image: via FacebookNow anyone with half a brain knows that Shaun King, who has time and time again been accused of lying about his race, and has struggled through his own past to appease those who don t understand things that aren t as simple as black and white, is indeed a man of color speaking his own unique truth.But clearly, many conservatives, especially those like Crowder and Schilling who like to make fun of and are clearly afraid of anyone different from themselves, can t wrap their head around this sort of thing.And not only is Schilling not apologizing for his transphobic hatred that got him fired, he s now doubling down on it.As a diehard Boston Red Sox fan, who was proud during the bloody sock moments, I couldn t be more disgusted at this pathetic little scrap of a man who can t bring himself to basic human decency and recognize there are people on this planet who are, indeed, transgender.Schilling, at this point, delete your account. You re an embarrassment to humankind.Featured Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images",0
6754, Watch: Obama Forced To Reassure U.K. That Republicans Haven’t Completely Ruined United States Yet,"In yet another unforced error committed by the Republican Party that hurts America s reputation, the recent surge in discriminatory laws against the LGBT community has caused alarm to the rest of the world. The U.K. even issued a travel alert to its citizens warning them of the risk of vacationing in places like North Carolina and Mississippi, given the new so-called  bathroom laws  and other forms of legislated bigotry. The U.S. is an extremely diverse society and attitudes towards LGBT people differ hugely across the country,  the advisory stated.  LGBT travelers may be affected by legislation passed recently in the states of North Carolina and Mississippi. Before traveling please read our general travel advice for the LGBT community. The advisory encouraged travelers to avoid potentially risky situations and  excessive physical shows of affection,  and to  exercise discretion  in rural areas.President Obama, who happens to be in London, was forced yet again to play  only adult in the room  and reassure the international community that Republican laws, while particularly nasty, haven t made the United States a nightmarish hellscape, and that most people, including residents in those states, want absolutely nothing to do with the Republican Party s brash forms of discrimination. I want everybody here in the United Kingdom to know that the people in North Carolina and Mississippi are wonderful people, they are hospitable people, they are beautiful states and you are welcome. You should come and enjoy yourselves. I think you ll be treated with extraordinary hospitality. Taking a moment to get a bit more personal, Obama said that he found the laws to be absurd, hateful and contrary to the values of America. I also think that the laws that have been passed there are wrong and should be overturned and they re in response to politics in part and some strong emotions that are generated by people, some of whom are good people but I just disagree with when it comes to respecting the equal rights of all people. Obama on Miss. & N. Carolina anti-LGBT laws:The  laws that have been passed there are wrong  https://t.co/wpXr2SNDa9https://t.co/zbeZyND63o  CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) April 22, 2016The  bathroom bills  are in response to fabricated scenarios in which male child predators would dress up as women to gain access to bathrooms with girls in them. This has never once happened. The law, instead, opens up members of the trans community to further harassment, violence, and stigmatization.Most Americans seem aware of this and protests against the bathroom bills have become widespread. In North Carolina, the state is hemorrhaging millions of dollars a month in lost business and boycotts while the Republican governor and legislature stubbornly refuse to concede that this plan was based on little more than ignorance and hate. In South Carolina, a similar bill was quickly killed in a desperate effort to avoid becoming the next North Carolina.Meanwhile, the president is forced to explain and defend America s pathetic treatment of its LGBT community, because his opposition in the Republican Party would rather focus on bullying trans people than address things like climate change, wealth inequality, healthcare reform or immigration.Featured image via Twitter",0
6755, What This Trump Company Did To A Veteran Will Disgust You,"Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has claimed that he loves veterans and he loves the military. To be sure, most of the expressions of this supposed love have come in the form of Trump arguing that he would use the military to execute the innocent relatives of terrorists and that he would force members of the armed services to engage in torture practices banned by the Geneva Convention.But now it has been revealed that one of Trump s companies treated a military veteran in a disgusting way.Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has been vocal about the need to take care of U.S. veterans. He s said that if elected, he ll  put our service men and women on a path to success as they leave active duty. But that s not what the Trump Institute, a get-rich-quick real estate seminar, did for Richard Wright, a senior master sergeant in the Air Force reserves who worked for the company in 2006 and 2007. Wright was deployed to Afghanistan in the spring of 2007. When he came home to his job, the Trump Institute fired him.  All of your absences,  Wright s boss at the Trump Institute told him, had forced the company to  reevaluate your position with the Trump Institute.  It is a violation of federal law to penalize an employee for absences caused by military service.Wright provided the Huffington Post with proof he was awarded three medals for outstanding service during his time serving in Afghanistan.Stories about the shady and sometimes unethical business practices Trump engaged in or lent his name to over his career will continue to plague the candidate as he tries to restart and remake his image in preparation for the general election.It is unlikely to work and Trump s rhetoric will continue to be exposed as empty words hiding behind the military.Featured image via Flickr",0
6756, 93 Percent Of The Great Barrier Reef Is Nearly Dead Because Of Climate Change,"In the book, The World is Blue: How Our Fate and the Ocean s are One, Marine Biologist Sylvia Earle wrote: Even if you never have the chance to see or touch the ocean, the ocean touches you with every breath you take, every drop of water you drink, every bite you consume Everyone, everywhere is inextricably connected to and utterly dependent upon the existence of the sea. A report released this week discovered roughly 93 percent of the Great Barrier Reef in Australia, the largest living structure on Earth, has been damaged due to coral bleaching. We ve never seen anything like this scale of bleaching before,  said Professor Terry Hughes in a press release. Professor Hughes is Director of the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies, and leader of the National Coral Bleaching Task Force which produced the report.  In the northern Great Barrier Reef, it s like 10 cyclones have come ashore all at once. The task force evaluated 911 coral reefs by air around Australia, and found 93 percent were suffering from coral bleaching to some extent. The bleaching was found to be worse in the northern sector of the reef, where no coral has escaped its impact. Based on diving surveys, the researchers say they have seen nearly 50 percent coral death so far.According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, part of the United States Department of Commerce, increased ocean temperatures caused by climate change are the leading cause of coral bleaching. Coral depends on algae to survive, which is very sensitive to temperature changes. If warm temperatures remain constant for a long period of time, the coral dispels the algae, leaving it colored white, and eventually leading to the death of the coral if the stresses are prolonged. In 2005, the United States lost half its coral reefs in the Caribbean Sea due to a massive bleaching event. High carbon emissions absorbed by the ocean also decrease Ph levels, leading to ocean acidification. Observation stations monitored by the US EPA in Hawaii, Bermuda, and the Canary Islands found that in the past two decades, carbon dioxide levels in the oceans have increased, directly resulting in the acidification. These changes also put stresses on marine life, diminishing the quality of their habitats and depleting food sources. If emissions aren t reduced soon, the negative effects already being seen in these environments will be irreversible. The bleaching doesn t necessarily mean the coral is dead, but the greater the stressors causing coral bleaching, the less likely the coral is able to recover.  It can take thousands of years for coral reefs to fully form, so once the coral dies, those ecosystems are unlikely to ever recover. This is, by far, the worst bleaching they ve seen on the Great Barrier Reef,  Mark Eakin, director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration s Coral Reef Watch, in an interview with the Washington Post.  Our climate model-based Four Month Bleaching Outlook was predicting that severe bleaching was likely for the [Great Barrier Reef] back in December. Unfortunately, we were right and much of the reef has bleached, especially in the north. Today on Earth Day, it is important to acknowledge and fully comprehend how dire the situation of our world s ecosystems are because of climate change. There is no time for incremental efforts. We must either make the necessary changes to mitigate the effects of climate change in the future now, or pay dearly for the consequences which will manifest exponentially in the near future. We can no longer treat our Earth as a source of infinite economic development when the resources on it are finite.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
6757, Remember That Time Prince Wrote A Song About Donald Trump? Listen Here (AUDIO),"With the passing of the legendary music icon Prince, many have been going to their music libraries to binge listen to everything they own that was done by the musician. It s a way for people to both grieve and celebrate the life of such an immense talent that was a gift to everyone he came in contact with, whether personally, or through his music.Yet, digging through the very large amount of music that Prince was a part of, it turns out that in the 90s Prince wrote a song called  Donald Trump (Black Version)  put out by the group  The Time.  Upon listening to the lyrics, it seems it s a song that has a man trying to be everything to a woman by buying her affection.Here s a brief taste of the lyrics: Honey baby, you truly know it. You truly know it. You look good. Tryin  your best to show it. If I were you, I would. True love and affection. These are nice, so nice but when a money man walks in the room, girl, you look more than twice. You look once, you look twice. Can I rap to you sugar tonight?(chorus) Donald Trump (black version), maybe that s what you need. A man that fulfills your every wish, your every dream. Donald Trump (black version), come on take a chance. A 1990 s love affair, the real romance. Flash forward to 2016, and the real Donald Trump is trying to buy the nation s affection to win himself the White House, even though he has no diplomatic, policy, or political experience whatsoever.Hopefully, money can only buy the Donald Trump s of the world love and not the presidency.Listen to the entire song here:Featured Photo by Chris Graythen/Getty Images",0
6758, New Study Offers Hope In Search For Alzheimer’s Cure,"Alzheimer s Disease is a devastating type of dementia, accounting for 60 to 80 percent of dementia cases, and currently affecting over 5 million Americans. According to the Alzheimer s Association, it is the 6th leading cause of death in the United States, and someone in the U.S. develops the disease every 66 seconds. By 2050, the number of cases is projected to reach 13.8 million.Scientists and researchers have grappled with understanding the disease in a search for a cure since 1906, when German neurologist Dr. Alois Alzheimer discovered the plaques and tangles in the brain of a woman who had died of an unknown mental illness with symptoms of memory loss, difficulty with language, and erratic behavior. Over the progression of the disease, amyloid plaque deposits and neurofibrillary tangles build up in the brain, disrupting connections between nerve cells and ultimately death of nerve cells and brain tissue.A recent study led by scientists from the University of Glasgow in Scotland and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology has produced a potential breakthrough in Alzheimer s disease treatment.In mice with a progressive disease similar to Alzheimer s, the researchers injected a protein called IL-33. Within a week, the memory and cognitive functions of the affected mice improved to normal levels.  The daily protein injections cleared out existing amyloid plaque in the brain of mice and stopped its development. The results have yet to be tested in humans, with no guarantee the protein will have similar results in human trials. A 2014 study estimated positive results from experiments on mice translate to success in humans at a rate of 8 percent.Nonetheless, the study is promising as no cure or treatment is currently available for Alzheimer s disease. Alzheimer s care and other forms of dementia are estimated to cost the United States $236 billion in 2016.Working with the mice, the Scottish and Chinese researchers found the protein, IL-33, promotes the development of microglia, immune cells in the brain, and direct them towards the plaque formed by Alzheimer s disease. The relevance of this finding to human Alzheimer s is at present unclear. But there are encouraging hints,  said Professor Eddy Liew, a leading researcher of the study from the University of Glasgow, in a press release.  For example, previous genetic studies have shown an association between IL-33 mutations and Alzheimer s disease in European and Chinese populations. Furthermore, the brain of patients with Alzheimer s disease contains less IL-33 than the brain from non-Alzheimer s patients. There have been enough false  breakthroughs  in the medical field to caution us not to hold our breath until rigorous clinical trials have been done. The researchers will soon begin the first phase of clinical trials on humans to test the toxicity of the protein IL-33 at the doses used on mice, with the global medical community anticipating with hope for favorable results.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
6759, Hollywood’s Secret Conservative Club Shuts Down Because Actors Can’t Stop Fighting Over Trump,"A highly exclusive, highly secretive club organized by and for Hollywood s (relatively small) conservative community has spectacularly imploded   and like many bad things, this can be blamed on Donald Trump.According to a recent announcement by  The Friends of Abe a club with members including Clint Eastwood, Gary Sinise, Kelsey Grammer, Jon Voight, and producer Jerry Bruckheimer   the group will abruptly end after reported in-fighting and lack of enthusiasm caused irredeemable dysfunction. Effective immediately, we are going to begin to wind down the 501 c3 organization, bring the Sustaining Membership dues to an end, and do away with the costly infrastructure and the abespal.com website,  the executive director, Jeremy Boreing, told members in an email, a copy of which the Guardian has seen. Today, because we have been successful in creating a community that extends far beyond our events, people just don t feel as much of a need to show up for every speaker or bar night, and fewer people pay the dues that help us maintain that large infrastructure. As the Guardian notes, one of the major reasons the celebrities can t get along is because of the question of Donald Trump. Many of the members can be said to subscribe to the school of  Never Trump , but some of Hollywood s conservative community has been warming to the candidate. Now, as California appears to be the key primary state, the one which will likely decide whether Trump slides easily into the nomination or if the clown show heads to a contested convention, things have gone nuclear. Things only got worse after the group hosted both Trump and his rival Ted Cruz at separate events  neither candidate, apparently, won over everyone.The club itself has been around for a decade, but not a lot is known about its meetings. The members, an enclave of conservatives in  liberal  Hollywood, adopted   and I m not kidding here   the first rule of  Fight Club : Don t talk about The Friends of Abe. Secrecy was strictly enforced, including a ban on pictures and tweets.It s unclear where the battle lines are drawn, but Jon Voight seemed to throw some serious shade at the  Never Trump  club members when in an interview with Breitbart, he said conservatives preventing Trump from being president were suckers. There are many Republicans fighting to keep him from winning the Republican nomination. You know why? Because he has no bull to sell, and everyone will discover the bull most politicians spew out is for their own causes and benefits. I pray all Americans who have seen and felt the meltdown of America with the Obama years, to please fight for Donald Trump. Both Gary Sinise and Kelsey Grammer are die-hard Cruz fans.In many ways, what happened in Hollywood is happening all over the country. The Republican Party has been shredded over Donald Trump s rise and with an alternative as weak as Ted Cruz as the only other option, many long-time Republicans have been stumbling around in what can only be described as a catatonically despondent state. Apparently, even holding a secret meeting with fellow conservatives at a bar became too much to handle as the primary season slouches towards its terrifying conclusion.Featured image via Jason Kempin/Getty Images for Warner Bros. Studio Tour Hollywood",0
6760, Planned Parenthood Worker Rains Holy Hell On Ignorant Right-Wing A**hole On Social Media,"Planned Parenthood workers are sick and tired of being harassed by conservative pricks, and they aren t taking it anymore.Damien is an employee at a Planned Parenthood in Oregon and he was asked by the aunt of a teen boy to give her nephew the sex talk because the boy s mother didn t feel comfortable teaching the boy about sex and the his school lacks a sex ed program.And so, Damien gladly took up the task and later wrote about the experience on Tumblr. Today a 16-year-old boy was brought into the clinic by his aunt to  have the talk  because his school didn t teach sex ED and his mother wouldn t talk to him about sex. She spent 40 bucks so he could get tested for the first time. I spent an hour talking to this young boy about sex. I got to have the sex talk with him. I showed him how to properly use a condom and protect himself and his partners. We talked about STDs and pregnancy prevention. We even talked about pubic grooming and ways to avoid razor burn. This poor boy has never had someone talk to him about anything related to the changes his body is going through. And then we spent 20 minutes talking about consent and how important it is. Growing up I never, ever had someone talk to me about consent and its importance. I even had sex ED in school! This shit is important ya ll. Of course, it didn t take long for a conservative troll to notice the post and start harassing Damien and trash talking Planned Parenthood. It is the parents  duty to have  the talk  with their kids, not a government funded organization that murders babies,  the troll commented.Damien didn t sit back and allow the right-wing troll to get away with it. He ruthlessly fired back. First of all f*cktruck: I am not a government employee. My wages are not paid by the government. Second: zero babies have ever been murdered in a planned parenthood. I didn t say a god damn word about abortion but you had to get your f*cking tighty whiteys in a bunch because an organization that you know nothing about is doing good things for millions of people and you hate it. Shut your face up about shit you don t understand you f*cking dump truck. Abortion is murder, just because they re in the womb doesn t change the fact you re killing an innocent human being,  the right-wing troll continued to insist.  As I said, it s not a faceless organization s job to provide sex ed while simultaneously killing unborn children. The right-wing troll has slapped Damien with a glove so he picked up a gauntlet and smacked back on behalf of women everywhere. Listen up kiddo: Abortion isn t murder. Murder is illegal. Abortion is not illegal. IE abortion is not murder. As I said (and we ll go with what I said as not total bullshit because it s obvious you have absolutely no real knowledge when it comes to sex or reproduction and i think we can thank your parents for that) this young man had a single mother that didn t feel comfortable talking to him about sex. So i did it. I provided medically accurate and up to date information unlike so many parents today. And by the way, planned parenthood isn t some shadowy faceless organization. For example, this is my face. The face i made while reading your stupid ass response. And then he posted a picture of himself.Image via TumblrAnd that is how Planned Parenthood workers fight back against conservative blowhards.Featured image via Flickr",0
6761, WATCH: A GOP Candidate Just Released This Amazingly Racist Ad,"Republican congressional candidates have been the source of some of the most outrageous campaign ads over the last few years. A new ad from Kentucky 1st district candidate Mike Pape is one of the most racist examples of this that has come across in a long time.In the ad, three apparent Mexicans approach a border fence wearing t-shirts that say,  Stop Trump   Stop Ted Cruz  and  Stop Pape . The subtitled, heavily-accented actors explain that Pape will work to build Trump s wall or help Cruz repeal Obamacare, before saying they must stop him and charge into the country illegally. Pape then appears in the foreground to say he approves the message.The ad builds on Donald Trump s racially charged campaign rhetoric and his bizarre promise to  build a wall  between the United States and Mexico, paid for by the Mexican government.On the very first day of Trump s campaign, he blamed Mexicans for  bringing crime  like rape to America, as well as drugs.Gaskins is currently running in the Republican primary for his district against three other candidates, for the seat that will be opened up due to the retirement of Rep. Ed Whitfield. It is a heavily Republican district, with 73 percent of the vote going to the GOP in the 2014 election.The ad is a symptom of the problems plaguing the Republican Party nationally. As the country becomes more diverse, especially with Latinos, the GOP s hardcore base demands that candidates stick to racist and sexist appeals that reliably get voters to the polls.And when Republicans attempt to slightly moderate themselves   even with candidates who are otherwise hard conservatives   they are ostracized and excluded. For instance, while former Florida Governor Jeb Bush was an orthodox conservative, he argued in favor of immigration policy that was harsh but not as draconian as other candidates. As a result, Bush was utterly destroyed in the 2016 primaries and caucuses, even though he had more money than everyone else.This ad reflects the current state of the Republican Party, and it isn t a good look.Featured image via YouTube",0
6762, Moron Of The Day: Joe Scarborough Seriously Compares Trump To Prince (VIDEO),"Media Matters reports that on Friday morning, Joe Scarborough made a total ass of himself by comparing Donald Trump, the racist, sexist, knuckle-dragging buffoon, to the artist now and forever known as Prince:DONNY DEUTSCH: Trump voters, we all know right now, are so sticky. They re not going anywhere.JOE SCARBOROUGH (HOST): Yeah.DEUTSCH: Everybody who s voted for Hillary, well, I guess Hillary. Number two, he can go to the left and right of Hillary and pretty much put portfolio of issues together he s behind.NICOLLE WALLACE: Because he doesn t really care that much. I mean, he s so nimble.DEUTSCH: And to the point, to this last point  SCARBOROUGH: And by the way. I ll give you the last point in a second, but just on this other point where you said he s so flexible, he s like Prince, a shape-shifter, New York Times top left, election 2016,  Trump s views on gay issues set him apart on the GOP. I mean, Trump on social issues, on Planned Parenthood, when he was in the middle of the fight in South Carolina, it wasn t like he was hiding things. And so Hillary is going to be up against a guy that not only says we re not going to cut Social Security, I m with you on social issues. And by the way, we re going to kill ISIS in two weeks.Joe Scarborough is so far up Trump s ass that he probably thought this was a compliment to Prince. But let s be honest, Prince was an artist, a priceless cultural treasure that elevated his field. He influenced an entire generation of musicians and his presence will be sorely missed.Trump, on the other hand, is a con artist, a tacky cultural eyesore like his ugly buildings. His influence is a net negative for society. And that was BEFORE he got into politics. Trump s candidacy is not about the lowest common denominator, it IS the lowest common denominator. When he loses in November and eventually fades away in disgrace, no one will miss him but racists and misogynists.Scarborough was trying to compare their  shape-shifting  in a favorable way but Prince constantly re-invented himself while holding on to the core of his genius. Trump has no core other than,  Will it make me money and/or more famous?  This was a sad display, even for a hack like Scarborough.Here s the video:Featured image via screencap",0
6763, Rabid Conservatives Blame Obama After Fox Reports Older Whites Are Killing Themselves At An Alarming Rate (SCREENSHOTS),"According to Fox News viewers, that dastardly President Barack  Barry  Obama Hussein Soetoro Bin Laden is singlehandedly eliminating the Republican Party. On Friday, Fox reported that middle-aged white people now account for a third of U.S. suicides.This is, of course, no laughing matter. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States. Fox notes that the rate of suicides in our country have risen 24 percent in the past 15 years. But the focus of the report, of course, was regarding white people:Suicides have long been most common among white people   particularly older white males. But most striking in the new report is the growth in whites ages 45 to 64.They were a third of suicide deaths in 2014, up from about a quarter in 1999. The findings in this report are extremely concerning,  said Nadine Kaslow, an Emory University researcher and past president of the American Psychological Association.The CDC data   released Friday   provides a detailed look at the latest year s suicide statistics, and a broader look at how much the situation has changed over 15 years.There were nearly 43,000 U.S. suicides in 2014. More than 14,000 of them were middle-aged whites   twice the combined total for all blacks, Hispanics, Asians, Pacific Islanders, American Indians, and Alaska Natives.In other terms   a group that represents 18 percent of the U.S. population accounted for 33 percent of the suicides.No one knows why aging white people are killing themselves at such an alarming rate, though the report mentions that  middle age can be a particularly hard time for whites,  who don t have  as many supportive relationships with friends, family, or religious communities  as other demographics. But not to worry   the geniuses who pay attention to Fox for anything more than comic relief have some ideas. One idea, anyway. Obama. Of course.          Is Obama forcing older white people to kill themselves? Is this part of his plan to eliminate the white race, as some Trump supporters have alleged? Suicide is many things. It s a very real issue affecting millions of American families. It s an issue that needs to be addressed. It s sad. It is not a joke, and it is certainly not something that anyone in their right mind would blame on the President of the United States.But, of course, this is the Fox crowd we re talking about here. What else can we expect?Featured image via Getty Images/Robert Spencer (modified)",0
6764, BUSTED: Trump’s RNC Czar Caught Telling Party Officials That The Donald Is All An Act,"Have you ever really taken a close look at Donald Trump? You can tell by looking at him that he s a fraud. He never looks genuine; his speech doesn t flow. He uses a fourth-grade mentality and he panders to idiots. There s nothing about the man that points to him actually being this staunch conservative Republican, and now we have proof. The Associated Press reports that Trump s own Republican National Convention Czar was caught in a behind-closed-doors meeting telling party officials that everything about Trump the party hates is an act.Trump s newly hired senior aide, Paul Manafort, informed Republican National Committee members that Trump has a private persona and an onstage persona, and that the onstage Trump will be mellowing out to bring electoral results should he be the party s nominee. Manafort said in the private briefing: When he s out on the stage, when he s talking about the kinds of things he s talking about on the stump, he s projecting an image that s for that purpose.You ll start to see more depth of the person, the real person. You ll see a real different guy.He gets it. The part that he s been playing is evolving into the part that now you ve been expecting, but he wasn t ready for, because he had first to complete the first phase. The negatives will come down. The image is going to change. In other words, the guy people are looking to because they don t want  another crooked politician  is playing the political game at a higher level on the Republican side than all of the establishment candidates he s run out of town. What exactly can we expect from Trump as time goes forward? Well, if his past is any indication, he should be whatever suits his mood at the time. It wouldn t be surprising to see him come out in favor of more liberal ideals. He has already stood up for the LGBT community on the transgender bathroom issue. It s obvious he couldn t care less about gay marriage. If he thinks he s gonna reap the same ignorant rewards from the general public on immigration and hate expansion, he s got another think coming.Trump s only play should he win would be to run his campaign like a Democrat. It s not like he doesn t have practice.Featured image by John Lamparski/Getty Images ",0
6765, The World’s Buildings Turn Purple In Honor Of Prince (TWEETS),"The world is mourning the loss of a legend, as Prince Rogers Nelson   known around the globe simply as Prince   has died at the very young age of 57. Tributes have poured in all over social media and around the world. Block parties blasting his music could be seen roaring late into the night everywhere from his home state of Minneapolis, Minnesota, to New York City. There is another way the public is playing tribute to the iconic artist though: by bathing buildings in purple.Social media site Twitter is alight with images and tweets of various buildings alight in Prince s signature color, from his famous and timeless hit,  Purple Rain. Here are just a few of those tweets, from the hashtag #PurpleForPrince:#PurpleForPrince today pic.twitter.com/lBunkN7xRI  York Theatre Royal (@YorkTheatre) April 22, 2016It should be noted in the following tweet that Niagara Falls was actually scheduled to turn purple for Queen Elizabeth s birthday long before the beloved star s death, but what a weird coincidence that it collided with this tragic day.Melbourne's Arts Centre spire is purple tonight. We love you #Prince ??? #PurpleForPrince #PrinceGoneTooSoon pic.twitter.com/mdolY4tJex   Lily  (@AussieDDubGirl) April 22, 2016It's fascinating to observe the nations uniting when a loved and respected icon leaves this world #PurpleForPrince pic.twitter.com/eaGX9KYf4U  Tait Grindley (@TaitGrindley) April 22, 2016Now US Capital building goes #PurpleForPrince! pic.twitter.com/Fix310ko50  Benny Polatseck (@BPolatseck) April 22, 2016White House goes #PurpleForPrince tonight. pic.twitter.com/wqH7ZsUr4g  Benny Polatseck (@BPolatseck) April 22, 2016The world is going #PurpleforPrince #GoneTooSoon #YouWillBeMissed pic.twitter.com/5dLbrri4pw  .i'm in tears! https://t.co/UWOj9SElg8  Besha (@beshakinski) April 22, 2016Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to remember a music legend. #PurpleForPrince pic.twitter.com/ncCG24fTtG  The High Roller (@HighRollerVegas) April 22, 2016And this is just a small sampling of these tweets, which are still pouring in. It really is a testament to how absolutely influential and loved this man was worldwide, and how much he is already missed. When you loved Prince, hated him, or were indifferent to him, there is no denying that Prince is iconic, and that his amazing talent, artistry, and body of work changed the world. It is my belief that he changed it for the better.Rest in Peace, Prince Rogers Nelson. You are truly missed.Featured image via The Estate of David Gahr/Getty Images",0
6766, Trump STUNS Republican Voter By Straight-Up Telling Her That He WILL Deport Her Family (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has figured out that the more offensive, controversial and vulgar he is, the more conservative voters are going to love him. He s carried that tone throughout his entire campaign, and has only seemed to rise in the polls. Now, he s focusing on offending individual Republican voters to win their approval.During a Today Show town hall event on Thursday morning, undecided Republican voter Jamie Eckman asked The Donald a question that would impact many Americans: would he deport the undocumented parents of a relative that was a natural-born citizen relative? Eckman asked: My relative is a natural-born American in the military, deployed in Oman. His father and stepmother are undocumented citizens here in the   undocumented people here in the United States for the last 25 years without any way of adjusting their status. If you re president, what will you do for those members that are the fabric of our country, that have been here for 25 years undocumented? Won t they be deported? Once again, Trump nailed his formula of being an absolute a**hole and despicable human being. After taking a few moments to insult his rival, Canadian-born Ted Cruz, Trump returned to the matter at hand and answered Eckman s question with something she probably didn t want to hear: Yes, your loved ones are still getting deported. Trump said: When you say natural-born citizens, that s interesting. I assume you were born here. Why do you mention that? Because you know who always says that? Ted Cruz. He was born in Canada and lived there for four years. He says,  I m a natural-born citizen  when, actually he was born in Canada. But, you know what? He has no path right now.. Eckman quickly clarified that she wasn t on team Cruz before Trump continued to tell Eckman she could kiss her family goodbye if he became the next President. They ve been here how many years? We re going to do something. For people that have been   look, we re either going to have a country or we re not going to have a country. But many people are very fine people. and I m sure these are very, very fine people. They re going to go, and we re going to create a path where we can get them into this country legally, okay? But it has to be done legally. Taken aback that she didn t get the answer she was looking for, Eckman asked the Republican front runner,  You will deport them first, right?  Trump responded: They re going to go, and then come back and come back legally. We have wonderful people. It s too tough to say you ll never come back again. They re coming back, but they re coming back into our country legally. So important. And to prove just how disgusting and heartless he is, Trump added,  Now that might not be the perfect answer for you, but am I going to get your vote?  Eckman didn t answer.You can watch Trump break this Republican voter s heart below:Despite all of the backlash he s faced, Trump continues to cling to his racist, intolerant immigration stance. It seems that unless Eckman wants to be packing her relatives  bags in November, she d better vote for Hillary Clinton. But unfortunately, because Republicans just aren t very bright, Trump might still get her vote. Featured image via screenshots",0
6767, Casts Of Broadway’s ‘Hamilton’ And ‘Color Purple’ Give Stunning Musical Tribute To Fallen Icon Prince (VIDEO),"The world is reeling from the shocking news of the death of musical icon Prince on Thursday. There has been an outpouring of grief, as well as amazing tributes to the man who shaped pop culture and music like no other. Among the many tributes being paid to Prince are two amazing musical displays from the casts of Hamilton and Color Purple on Broadway.Both casts finished their Thursday night editions of their musicals by singing Prince songs. The Hamilton cast chose to dance to an instrumental rendition of  Let s Go Crazy,  which is one of the icon s most famous and timeless songs. Here is video of that performance via Raw Story:The cast of Color Purple, instead, chose to sing the iconic classic  Purple Rain.  That is the song that really catapulted Prince to the top of the charts upon its release on the album by the same name in 1984. Here is video of that  beautiful tribute, led by Color Purple star Jennifer Hudson:These tributes are nothing short of absolutely beautiful and definitely appropriate. Prince has to be one of the most important figures in modern music, and his influence is legendary. He will truly be missed, by fans, celebrities, and everyone in between worldwide.Thank you, Broadway, for giving us these beautiful tributes in our time of mourning.Featured image via Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images",0
6768, The NRA Just Got Caught In A Lie That Shatters EVERYTHING They Stand For,"Who can forget how emotional Wayne LaPierre was after Sandy Hook. As he stood at the podium with the NRA logo and raised his voice in disgust and demanded we put more guns outside first-grade classrooms. An armed security guard for every hallway! Never mind that schools in many states have resource officers from their local police or sheriff s department on hand, LaPierre needed to allow the pure anger to come through. Where were all the guns when those kids needed saving?That s the NRA s sole purpose for existing now: To make sure everyone has a gun, possibly 2. The 4.5 million-member organization is a powerhouse on Capitol Hill, spending $3.6 million lobbying in 2015 and nearly another million in campaign contributions, primarily to Republicans. They only care about one thing: a complete lack of gun control laws and regulations. They d like to see the Smiths with a battery of surface to air missiles in their side yard to compliment the Wilsons  anti-aircraft cannon. Stingers for all the kids this Fourth of July! They want everyone with a couple hundred bucks to be able to walk in and purchase a gun, no questions asked because that s what the gun manufacturers pay them to want.One of their most successful strategies has been to build up the  bad guy  theory. How often do you hear some meathead say  it would be better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have one.  Well, as it turns out, even with 300 million guns floating around the country, very few are used to thwart a crime or in an actual act of self-defense. Josh Sugarmann, executive director of the Violence Policy Center released a study about the use of firearms in self-defense and other  justified  shootings by private citizens with some scathing remarks for the lies perpetrated by the NRA: The [National Rifle Association] has staked its entire agenda on the claim that guns are necessary for self-defense, but this gun industry propaganda has no basis in fact. Guns are far more likely to be used in a homicide than in a justifiable homicide by a private citizen. In fact, a gun is far more likely to be stolen than used in self-defense. Purchasing a gun may help enrich the firearms industry, but the facts show it is unlikely to increase your personal safety. In fact, in a nation of more than 300 million firearms, it is striking how rarely guns are used in self-defense. It s not really that striking. The study found that just one in 32 gun deaths involving a criminal were the result of a self-defense scenario. That s when someone is armed and threatening another person. Those people whose toddlers kill each other after finding a gun in a nightstand because their parents need to feel  safe  from intruders were the victims of 0.1 percent of crimes involving guns.Basically, the NRA is full of sh*t. There is no cavalry of good guys with guns out there ready to stop criminals in the street. There are no packs of trained defense experts hanging out in school libraries waiting to thwart the next shooting. The people we need to really be afraid of are the mentally ill people, the felons and the domestic abusers. More often than not when you re the victim of a crime it s someone you know. You shot at something in your kitchen in the pitch black and then you were surprised to find your teenager came home late? Oops.They re selling fear and lies. ISIS is coming to get you. Burglars want to rape and kill your family and steal your flat screen. The feds are coming to take your guns and toss you in FEMA s famed  re-education  camps. That s good stuff right there.Featured image from Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
6769, Sheriff Joe Arpaio Sinks To A New Low With His Classless Response To Prince’s Death (VIDEO),"Let s face it, 2016 has been a hero-stealing rat of a year so far. From David Bowie to Prince   and every amazing person in between   the world has had its legend population culled this year. Yet, Arizona s cruel ultra-conservative Sheriff Joe Arpaio not only lives on, but gets to make despicable comments about those who died, like he just did with Prince.To put Arpaio s comments in some context   basically the whole nation and much of the world, regardless of political stripe, is openly grieving over the untimely death of a cultural icon.Minneapolis chose to rock out to Purple Rain:This is what it sounds like when thousands of Prince faithful sing Purple Rain. @StarTribune pic.twitter.com/rqzs4qHPap  Aaron Lavinsky (@ADLavinsky) April 22, 2016President Obama took a moment to remember the contribution of Prince to his own cultural heritage:https://www.facebook.com/potus/posts/479875112202334 The NFL took a moment to celebrate one of the finest half-time performances in history, made by the deceased icon.One of the greatest Super Bowl Halftime performances of all-time. #RIPPrince https://t.co/B6aHzYUCoG  NFL (@NFL) April 21, 2016Artists, fans and political and humanitarian leaders from around the globe have been busy commemorating Prince s life and work. But for Sheriff Arpaio, the death was nothing more than a chance for a little self-promotion.Condolences to Prince family. He allegedly was treated for a drug overdose days ago. I celebrated 20 yrs of drug rehab in my jails today.  Joe Arpaio (@RealSheriffJoe) April 22, 2016Drugs are killing our nation!  Joe Arpaio (@RealSheriffJoe) April 22, 2016But Twitter users were quick to fight back at the self-confessed  Toughest Sheriff In America    no one was in the mood for his bullsh*t.@RealSheriffJoe You're a monster.  Theresa Krause (@tmkrause) April 22, 2016 @presidentjlh @RealSheriffJoe me, as this tweet rolled through my timeline pic.twitter.com/SKcOQqdyv9  CJ Ciaramella (@cjciaramella) April 22, 2016@RealSheriffJoe way to insert yourself in something that has nothing to do with you, you grandstanding sociopath.  C. N. B. (@cnbintucson) April 22, 2016RT @RealSheriffJoe pic.twitter.com/zzn3bqnfsk  Like FlorentinoAriza (@JoseArielCuevas) April 22, 2016It s pretty clear that while some conservative types and generic bigots are happy to be duped by the likes of Arpaio, many others were happy to shut him down and allow the rest of us to grieve in peace.It truly is becoming one of the most sour traits of the American right at the moment, that a liberal cannot die without their name and loved ones becoming the target of partisan attacks. We remember the horrific scenes when Vice President Joe Biden s son died, and conservative trolls literally celebrated. It left many of us thinking: surely brain cancer doesn t need to be a partisan issue? Surely we should be able to mourn the untimely death of a person with compassion, whoever they vote for? Can we not just be human beings together in these moments?For some it seems, the answer is a resolute  Hell no! Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons/Flickr Creative Commons",0
6770, The Plans For The Republican Convention Just Suffered An Embarrassing Blow (VIDEO),"The plans for the Republican convention have suffered an embarrassing snag, because the country s leading and most renowned performers are refusing to play at the event. In short, the GOP is being boycotted by America s finest entertainers and performers.The GOP planned a concert on July 17 to kick off their convention, but performers are simply refusing to play ball. Seemingly after a number of rejections, the party got desperate and tried to trick performers into playing by selling the gig as a benefit for veterans. They managed to convince Eagles singer/songwriter Joe Walsh to play under this ruse. But when Walsh rumbled their plans, he immediately pulled out and issued a furious statement: It was my understanding that I was playing a concert which was a non partisan event to benefit the families of American veterans on Monday, July 17 in Cleveland. The admat I approved said this specifically. Today it was announced that this event is, in fact, a launch for the Republican National Convention. In addition, my name is to be used to raise sponsorship dollars for convention-related purposes. Therefore, I must humbly withdraw my participation in this event with apologies to any fans or veterans and their families that I might disappoint.I am very concerned about the rampant vitriol, fear-mongering and bullying coming from the current Republican campaigns. It is both isolationist and spiteful. I cannot in good conscience endorse the Republican party in any way. I will look at doing a veteran related benefit concert later this year. And Joe Walsh wasn t alone. Powerpop legends Cheap Trick told the Guardian they were also offered a staggering amount of cash by the GOP to play the convention, but also turned it down as a matter of principle.  They explained: The Republican National Committee called our office and offered us $100,000 to play at their convention in Cleveland [this summer]. We turned it down. Then we had second thoughts. Maybe we should have accepted it   but we would all have got swastika guitars made. At this rate the GOP convention will be rocking it out to Ted Nugent, followed by a Chuck Norris marital arts display. The party is now so toxic, even formerly open conservative performers won t taint themselves by association.Featured image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
6771, Fox News Says Non-Whites Should Only Be Depicted On Separate But Equal Novelty Money (VIDEO),"Republicans found their new election year wedge issue. Since they lost on Obamacare, marriage equality, and Benghazi, the new rage source they identified is  Harriet Tubman being placed on the $20 bill.This is the new big deal. It s practically an attack on the Constitution itself. Right?It certainly seems to be for Republicans, at least. So many people on the right are exploding over the idea of replacing Jackson on the $20 bill now. However, this isn t new news. This has been planned for a relatively long time. They KNEW this was coming, and there was no outrage   right up until someone who was both non-white and non-male was going to do the replacing.Luckily, Fox News  Greta Van Susteren came up with the perfect response. Her plan is to leave white people s money as it is and make separate money for non-whites. No, that s not a joke. She literally said we should make a new $25 bill so that Jackson could stay in place.Let s do a bit of critical thinking, based on a bit of history. A Susan B. Anthony dollar coin was released by the government a long time ago. EVERYBODY hated it. Not only did it look like a quarter, and people got confused by that, but it was redundant. We already had a $1 bill that everyone was accustomed to. Not every cash register has room for a new bill slot either. Certain types of automated bill changing machines would have to be retrofit for a $25 bill as well.The point is that a whole new denomination of money would be an annoyance and hassle, and the public would not have any patience for it. To put it into context, America has had a $2 bill with Thomas Jefferson on it for a really long time. Do you know ANYONE who uses them? Do you even remember the last time you saw one outside of some novelty situation for collectors?To sum it up, the Republican party thinks that the only place for a woman or a non-white person when it comes to money, is on something that will be marginalized by society   Just like how they ve marginalized women and non-white people for decades! It really makes a lot of sense when you look at it that way. Doesn t it?Watch Greta prove that Fox respects equality by hiring stupid employees of both sexes below: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6772, Hillary Clinton Calls For Federal Effort To Restoring Voting Rights To Felons (VIDEO),"While appearing on Good Morning America s  Coffee with the Candidates  town hall, Hillary Clinton, who emerged victorious in a hotly fought over New York, laid out her plan to combat systemic racism in the criminal justice system   which includes giving those who serve time their voting rights back.When asked how she would reform America s broken criminal justice system (which was due in part to the 1994 crime bill), she answered candidly:One, divert people away from the criminal justice system because too many people are in for low-level, non-violent offenses. Secondly, we have got address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color, particularly African American men because it is just wrong and it is a result of systemic racism   we have to have more second chance opportunities   Once you ve paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately.Her last answer drew thunderous applause from the audience, and for good reason.Currently, 12 states do not allow those who have served their time, meaning they are no longer in prison and no longer on parole, to vote. Over 5.85 million Americans, which accounts for 2.5 percent of the voting age population, are currently unable to vote due to a current or previous felony conviction, according to an analysis by the Sentencing Project. Roughly 75 percent of the 5.85 million who are disenfranchised are out of prison and living within their communities.Clinton s call to restore voting rights comes as she and Senator Sanders face off in the Maryland primary election on April 26. Maryland, this year, passed a sweeping voting rights law into effect, granting over 40,000 ex-felons their right to back.Along with automatic voter registration and the restoration of the Voting Rights Act, Clinton s voting plan has a direct impact in dealing with systemic racism in this country.Former Attorney General Eric Holder reminded the public about the link between disenfranchisement and crime, both riddled, latently and blatantly, with racism:It is time to fundamentally reconsider laws that permanently disenfranchise people who are no longer under federal or state supervision. By perpetuating the stigma and isolation imposed on formerly incarcerated individuals, these laws increase the likelihood they will commit future crimes.Now, how many Republicans are talking about this issue?Here s the clip from Clinton s town hall discussion: Once you ve paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately.   Hillary on @GMAhttps://t.co/ZlyKOYwsOo  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 21, 2016 Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6773, Patton Oswalt To Bernie Fans: ‘You’re A F*cking Child’ If You Skip Voting Out Of Hatred For Hillary (TWEET),"Comedian Patton Oswalt has a knack for calling conservatives out on their bullsh*t and coming up with the most perfect responses to their nonsense.In the past, Oswalt has made it perfectly clear that he really, REALLY hates Donald Trump when he dedicated this hilarious poem to the Republican frontrunner on  National Poetry Day.   He s also been one of the more outspoken celebrities when it comes to opposing the GOP s hateful rhetoric (just look what he did when the GOP attacked Planned Parenthood). Now, the comedian is sending a special message to voters, urging them to act in the best interest of America by making sure that none of the Republican party s clowns are able to get into the White House.In an interview with the Huffington Post, Oswalt touched on the 2016 election while promoting his stand-up special Talking for Clapping,which premieres on Netflix on Friday. Although Oswalt has been a supporter of Bernie Sanders, he took the opportunity to clarify that he s not  Bernie or bust.  In fact, he wanted to encourage all of his fellow Bernie supporters to adopt the same attitude, for a very special reason. He said: I will vote for whoever the Democrats nominate against either of those two psychopaths. I think they re both equally dangerous and backward-facing for this country. When he was asked what he d say to a Bernie fan who would rather stay home and not participate in the election than give Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton their vote in the November general election, Oswalt had some harsh words: Well, then you re a fucking child. Well said. This is the same exact attitude Oswalt has taken to his over 2.6 million Twitter followers, urging them to unite for the Democratic party instead of divide.TwitterThe truth of the matter is that America cannot afford to have either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz as our next commander-in-chief, and the stakes are too high for us to lose millions of votes because people are upset their favorite Democrat didn t become the nominee. Every vote for the Democrats   regardless of the candidate   will help keep America safe from the disastrous GOP. Featured image via Andreas Rentz / Getty Images",0
6774, New Analysis Shows Black Neighborhoods Excluded From Amazon Same Day Delivery,"A Bloomberg analysis of Amazon s same-day delivery service locations shows that Black neighborhoods are routinely excluded from access to the service.Although all customers pay the same $99 fee for the Amazon Prime membership, which includes same-day delivery service in covered areas, Black customers are significantly less likely to have access to that service.According to the Bloomberg study, Black customers who live in Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas and Washington DC are 50 percent less likely to have access to same-day delivery.Bloomberg further reports:In New York City, same-day delivery is available throughout Manhattan, Staten Island, and Brooklyn, but not in the Bronx and some majority-black neighborhoods in Queens. In some cities, Amazon same-day delivery extends many miles into the surrounding suburbs but isn t available in some ZIP codes within the city limits.Out of all the places where Amazon same-day delivery services are available to Amazon Prime members, the analysis shows the greatest disparity in the city of Boston.According to the Bloomberg analysis: Three ZIP codes encompassing the primarily black neighborhood of Roxbury are excluded from same-day service, while the neighborhoods that surround it on all sides are eligible. In many cases this means that Black customers have no access to same-day delivery, while white customers, living just a few blocks away, do have access.Here s what the delivery zones look like in some of the most populated urban areas.Image credit: Screen capture Bloomberg.comAccording to Amazon vice president for global communications, Craig Berman, the company did not intentionally create a service area which excludes Black neighborhood.Berman says that service areas were determined by data and algorithms.As Tech Insider reports here, Amazon PR Director Scott Stanzel described the criteria the company used to generate the algorithm.According to Stanzel, that included  distance to the nearest fulfillment center, local demand in an area, numbers of Prime members in an area, as well as the ability of our various carrier partners to deliver up to 9:00 pm every single day, even Sunday. So how does a computer program which doesn t include race as a factor, generate a service area that excludes Black neighborhoods?Tech Insider sums it up best, by explaining:Racism, as researchers have documented in countless studies and reports, is the systemic marginalization of minority communities. It s the aggregate of small and large effects that make it harder for people to find housing, accumulate wealth, avoid the criminal justice system, and succeed in school if they aren t white. Data and algorithms selected in deliberate ignorance of racism can pick up and reinforce that systemic problem.So basically the algorithm reflects the racism that is already present in a service area. As described by Tech Insider, it  reflects ongoing economic disparities and segregation between white and black communities created by decades of redlining. That appears to be exactly what happened in the case of Amazon s same-day delivery service area coverage.Amazon says the company has plans to  fill in the gaps  in service coverage  over time. That doesn t seem like a good enough answer when the data shows that many Black customers are being denied equal service under the company s current model.Mistakes can happen, yes, but now that the problems have clearly been exposed, Amazon should take immediate steps to correct them.It s one thing to unknowingly generate an algorithm that excludes Black neighborhoods. It s another thing altogether to look the other way once you re aware of the issue. Image credit: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg via Getty Images",0
6775, Republicans Just Made A Decision That Probably Means They’ve Given Up On The Election,"Faced with the prospect of campaigning with Donald Trump at the top of the Republican presidential ticket, the Republican National Committee appears ready to do something unprecedented eight months before the first ballot is cast and give up on the election.The Republican National Committee is scaling back its financial commitments to some of the most hotly contested states because of flagging fund-raising, the most concrete evidence yet of how the party s divisive and protracted presidential race is threatening the party s entire ticket in November.Sean Spicer, the RNC s head strategist, admitted to the New York Times that the party was not yet ready to have field organizers in place in key swing states like Florida and Ohio because the money isn t there yet, thanks to the contentious presidential contest.Even stranger, the Republicans are setting up a fund so that the party s wealthiest supporters can direct funds towards Senate and House races, instead of the marquee presidential matchup.Just as revealing, the party is also taking steps to create a separate fund-raising entity dedicated to Senate races, an acknowledgment that many of the wealthiest contributors are increasingly focused on protecting Republican control of Congress rather than on a presidential campaign they fear is lost.It is becoming apparent that those candidates are in trouble, thanks to Trump s series of toxic comments about Latinos, Muslims, blacks, and women. Already high profile Republicans like Senator John McCain have announced that they would not be attending the convention, usually the political destination of record for both parties in election years. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush and the previous Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, both also said they would be skipping the convention as well.Polling shows that Donald Trump is the most disliked person to ever head the ticket of a major party, and in head to head polling he loses by double digits to Hillary Clinton. Trump performs so poorly that traditionally hardcore Republican states like Mississippi and Utah are within striking distance for Clinton. And in states that are part of President Obama s winning coalitions in 2012 and 2008, Trump is way behind.The Republican Establishment has already announced it plans to challenge Trump s bid to be the nominee, but it may already be too late. The election may already be lost.Featured image via Flickr",0
6776," If You’re A Domestic Violence Victim In Mississippi, You Can’t Get Divorced","Few states in this country can compete with Mississippi when it comes to enacting legislation which significantly constricts the rights and liberties of women,the LGBT community, minorities, and other marginalized groups.Most recently a state senate bill, 2418,  failed to incorporate domestic violence as a justifiable reason for divorce. The state currently allows only 12 justifiable reasons to legally grant a divorce including impotency, adultery, alcoholism, and incurable mental illness among some of the reasons.According to a 2014 report conducted by the Violence Policy Center, Mississippi ranks 5th in the nation in the rate of women murdered by men. In the United States, a woman is beaten or assaulted every 9 seconds. One in three women have been victims of severe physical violence from an intimate partner as some point in their lifetime. A gun being present during a domestic violence situation, where in Mississippi there is virtually no gun control, increases the likelihood of a homicide by 500 percent. According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, domestic violence is the third leading cause of homelessness among families.Setting justifiable reasons to legally grant a divorce is already a ridiculous aspect, but rescinding domestic violence off the list of justifiable reasons gives the abusers in a relationship even more power to abuse and control their victim without any repercussions. Domestic violence is rarely an anomaly, rather it is a behavior pattern of an individual,   to establish power and control over another person through fear and intimidation, often including the threat or use of violence. Mississippi has caught a lot of negative publicity recently, in addition to North Carolina and other southern states, which have either passed or attempted to pass discriminatory laws against the LGBT community. Mississippi s GOP is disgraceful and they seem bent on trying to get away with passing as many unconstitutional laws as possible.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
6777, What Trump Just Said About Transgender People Will Make Republicans FURIOUS (VIDEO),"Donald Trump delivered a major  f*ck you  to his fellow conservatives when he spoke out against North Carolina s controversial and transphobic  bathroom bill  and said he would be perfectly fine with transgender people using whatever bathroom they wanted to.Trump made these surprising comments during Thursday s NBC Today town hall as host Willie Geist asked the Republican frontrunner questions from Twitter users. Geist asked Trump,  Mr. Trump, please be specific. Tell us your views on LGBT, how you plan to be inclusive as president. Speak about North Carolina bathroom law in particular. Inclusivity is something Trump has completely strayed away from during his campaign, and he s managed to successfully insult and exclude nearly every minority possible. But this time, Trump s answer surprised everyone. Stating that North Carolina s bathroom law had caused   a lot of problems,  he said: North Carolina did something that was very strong, and they are paying a big price and there s a lot of problems. North Carolina, what they are going through with all of the business that s leaving and the strife   and that s on both sides. Leave it the way it is. There have been very few complaints the way it is. People go, they use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate, there has been so little trouble. This is one of the VERY few times that Trump is mostly right. There have not only been  few complaints    there have actually been ZERO instances of sexual assaults or other issues when transgender individuals were allowed to use the restroom that corresponds to their gender identity. Still, that was one of the main arguments that North Carolina Republicans were using to get this bathroom bill passed.When Geist asked Trump if he had employed transgender individuals at his company, Trump replied that he wasn t certain, but he  probably  had transgender people working for him. Geist pressed him further:  So if Caitlyn Jenner were to walk into Trump Tower and want to use the bathroom, you d be fine with her using any bathroom she chooses? And Trump stuck it to the GOP one last time:  That is correct.  Also speaking against the creation of new bathrooms specifically for transgender people, Trump said it would be too expensive, and that  I think that would be discriminatory in a certain way. You can watch the interview below:Trump has previously held more liberal views than conservative, and he loves to stir up controversy whenever he can. One thing is for sure   the GOP is NOT going to appreciate this.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez  / Getty Images",0
6778, Not-At-All-Racist Sheriff Amazingly Compares The NAACP To The KKK,"In a display of Olympic-level mental gymnastics, a South Carolina Sheriff said, and actually meant, that the NAACP is pretty much just like the KKK. His reasoning? They promote and support African Americans.During the talk, Wright addressed several topics. The sheriff, who is known for being outspoken, said, among other things,  I think the most racist people in America right now sometimes are minorities, small group minorities. I ve got a chaplain who works for me. He s an African-American, he is my brother and I love him more than anything.. He doesn t buy into that mess. A bunch of his friends don t either. They don t do the NAACP because  I feel like that is a racist group as well as the KKK. I don t care about them either. I don t want to be a part of no group that s got something to do just because of your color. I don t think they re right.In case you missed it, yes, he played the  I have a black friend  card.There s an argument to be made that black people can t be  racists  because they re not in positions of power to systematically oppress white people. But semantics aside, Sheriff Redneck is right that SOME black people don t like white people. In fact, they re downright bigoted! I suppose that if I were black and white people constantly treated me like a criminal or mentally inferior, I might start to resent the hell out of white people. Maybe I d even learn to hate them. This doesn t excuse bigotry but it puts it into perspective.On the other hand, the KKK hates black people just for being black. It s a not subtle difference. Bigoted black people are, by and large, responding to how they re treated. The KKK thinks blacks are innately inferior, if not, in fact, sub-human.But even putting aside of all that, the NAACP exists to help the black community stand on equal footing with white people. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. It s right there in the name. Black people have been systemically kept from getting the same educational and economic opportunities as white people. The law treats them differently on every level and always for the worse. Our popular media has spent decades (centuries?) depicting black people as lazy, criminally inclined and stupid. So, yes, Sheriff Good Ol  Boy, the NAACP has got to do with skin color because America keeps treating that skin color poorly.Meanwhile, the KKK exists to maintain white supremacy, using violence and terrorism to keep the black community from freeing itself from the legacy of American slavery. But, you know, that s just like what the NAACP does because Sheriff Inbred s  black friend  told him so.And just to top it all off? Sheriff Boss Hog feels persecuted (because of course he does): This is a political bashing, that s all it is, to try to stir up controversy to draw some attention,  Wright said.Yes, why would anyone want to draw attention to the fact that the sheriff thinks black people are just as racist as the KKK? I just can t figure it out Featured image via The Houston Chronicle ",0
6779, Music Legend And American Icon Prince Dies At 57 (VIDEO),"Music legend and American icon Prince has died at his compound in Chanhassen, Minnesota. Authorities say they responded to a medical call at 9.43 AM this morning and found the body of the 57 year-old singer. The cause of death is not yet clear and an investigation is under way.Prince, whose birth name is Prince Roger Nelson, was hospitalized on Friday after his jet flew from Atlanta and made an emergency landing in Moline, Iowa after suffering from what appeared to be flu like symptoms.Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on June 7, 1958, the gifted artist s work spanned five decades in what would become one of the most successful music careers in American history. Drawing influence from pop, R&B, soul, disco and jazz, Prince left an invaluable mark on current and future artists with his stage presence and flamboyant style.Hits like Wanna Be Your Lover and albums such as 1999 and Purple Rain cemented the artist s status as both a musical genius and an American cultural icon. Prince also left his mark on the music world with his prolific writing, working with countless of talented artists and launching the careers of others.Prince will be missed by generations of Americans who grew up listening to the artist or have been recently introduced to him in a sign of the musician s ability to attract people from different generations and all walks of life.Rest in Peace, Prince.Watch video here:   [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu-uQwLODkw]Featured image via video screenshot",0
6780, Watch As The Right Changes History Before Your Very Eyes On Tubman And Jackson (SCREENSHOTS),"The announcement that Harriet Tubman would replace Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill came as little surprise to most, who celebrated progress with a show of support for a truly amazing woman. If you live in the insane, historically inaccurate world of the modern right, you heard a different story altogether; one of the evils of the  Democrat Party  and how their founder tried to stop the gun-toting, Republican abolitionist, Harriet Tubman.Yes, that really is the lie they re spinning. It seems that in most cases of Republicans losing someone they fiercely admired they tend to go back to the time of Lincoln when the men were men and Northerners were Republicans. It really is that easy to understand, yet conservatives just don t get it. In the time leading up to the Civil War, northern progressives like Abraham Lincoln were in the process of forming a very different Republican party than the one we know today. The Southerners fought, seceded, lost, spent a good deal of time living with their humiliation and moved on, content to stick together as Democrats.And that doesn t seem strange to these people? It doesn t seem odd that the Republicans who abolished slavery, wrote the 13th and 14th Amendments and stood side by side with women until they could vote were predominately Northern progressive liberals? Andrew Jackson was the president who saw the beginning of the Democratic party and he was a slave owner from the South. That doesn t seem a little odd?We re talking about Harriet Tubman here. The woman was armed because she lived in fear for her life and for the lives of those she helped. She didn t belong to a political party, since as a black woman during slavery she wouldn t have been able to vote for several reasons. To call her a champion of the Republican party would be like trying to claim that Lincoln himself would be a proud card-carrying member today. Yeah, I know they claim that all the time.You can read the ridiculous claim, which is basically a 2 paragraph propaganda piece circulating among such reputable publications as Alan B West s Site. Fox News hasn t picked it up yet, but the comments on one of their local affiliates who reported the story say it all:That s just the tip of the iceberg. People sure do love to make things up online:How about some conspiracy? The president naturally spends much of his day thinking of ways to screw over Americans, that s how much he hates us:And good golly the cost. New 20s that were going to be printed need to be printed. Maybe we should add that to a conversation about how little the average Republican knows about the budget.Numerous people have also been to the thread to let them know that the Republican party officially became the party of southern regressive morons the day Strom Thurmond jumped ship and joined. Your first political move? Defraud and disenfranchise as many voters as possible across the South running on what we now know as the  Southern Dixiecrat strategy. Then, as Republicans, you shot down the ERA, tried in vain to kill the Civil Rights Movement, created the Moral Majority, The Tea Party and The Freedom Caucus and stocked them with religious zealots just to brighten our day. You re also responsible for the rise of Donald Trump.The bottom line? You don t get to claim Harriet Tubman as one of yours and you certainly don t get to stick us with Andrew Jackson. As a Northern progressive, my great, great, great-grandfather lived on the happy end of the underground railroad, no matter who he voted for in 1862. Stop trying to rewrite history and move along.Featured image via abc7.com/Facebook",0
6781, Viral Video Of ‘Liberal Redneck’ Hilariously DESTROYING Transgender Bathroom Laws Is MUST SEE,"There s stupid, and then there are those who write laws based off their ignorance and stupidity. It d be nice if people could just keep their stupid to themselves, but alas, we have jerks writing laws to ban transgender men and women from using the bathroom.Calling out this stupid in the most real and raw way ever is Trae Crowder, who has dubbed himself in a very viral video  The Liberal Redneck.  He absolutely decimated the ignorance surrounding the law in a magical one minute and forty-five seconds.After describing some of the lame arguments given why the law is needed to  protect kids,  Crowder says: These are the same motherf*ckers that put Mountain Dew in sippy cups and beat a six-year-old with a wire hanger for standing in front of the TV during Dr. Oz. Adding: What do you think is gonna happen? You do know that transgender people have existed forever, right? What bathrooms you think they been using? Then, after saying that the majority of sex offenders are actually grown men, Crowder throws out this zinger: Unless you re also suggesting we have separate bathrooms for Catholic priests, I think you need to cut the shit. Then brilliantly, Crowder gets to the heart of it, and that s just that those writing the laws, or those who want the laws, simply just don t like the idea of transgender individuals. He said: Because like most things that disgust you, you lack the capacity to understand it. You know, h*mos, algebra   sh*t like that. He closes by saying that whether these bigots like it or not, people like himself and those who actually have the capacity to embrace those different from ourselves, are going to ensure the world is a better, more accepting place for generations to come.Well done, Crowder, you got to the heart of it, called it out, and said it like it is.Watch the video here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6782, Crazy Alabama Republican Demonstrates Why Religion Doesn’t Belong In Government,"This why the Founding Fathers wanted separation of church and state.Ever since conservative  Christians  pushed Congress and President Truman to pass a law establishing a National Day of Prayer in 1952, Christian fundamentalists have made every effort to force their religious beliefs down the throats of every American.Despite a ruling by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals in 2011, which says the National Day of Prayer is unconstitutional because the Constitution bars Congress from making any law that respects an establishment of religion, the National Day of Prayer persists. It s a religious exercise that serves no purpose in our secular government, and it alienates people who are non-religious and people who do not worship the Christian deity.It also forces the President to sign a proclamation every year declaring the observation of the day, which means an atheist president would be forced to recognize religion every year in direct violation of the First Amendment.Republicans have been particularly crazy about inserting religion into government, and an Alabama Republican wrote a disturbing resolution this year that demonstrates precisely why we need separation of church and state.GOP state Rep. Mack Butler wrote up a National Day of Prayer resolution that demands America turn into a Christian nation that bans abortion and returns to  traditional values,  which one assumes includes banning same-sex marriage and outlawing contraception as well as forcing non-Christian citizens to convert against their will. He even goes so far as to call the citizens of Alabama  wicked  and called upon them to pray to prevent God from punishing them and the country.Here s the full text of HJR 316.WHEREAS, God has blessed America, where freedom exists for all, regardless of belief or creed; and WHEREAS, America s heritage is a beacon to the world, a shining city on a hill; and WHEREAS, America s exceptionalism was not only on a thoroughfare for freedom beat, but a leader and protector of values and safety around the world; and WHEREAS, though American s sovereignty did not and would not rule the world, rather than a colonial power, she shared her bounty; and WHEREAS, America has turned from her values, she is engaged in practices antithetical to her heritage by not protecting the poor, defenseless, and unborn, and has permitted the law to discriminate pitting one s rights against the rights of others; and WHEREAS, America now sits in her sanctuary while the rest of the world is falling into turmoil with genocide against Christians and radical Islamic terrorists wreaking havoc; and WHEREAS, America s Judeo-Christian tradition recognized a freedom of religion, the first freedom, that let all religions coexist; and WHEREAS, traditional values have been removed from the public square where all values were once spoken; and WHEREAS, religious freedom is threatened and God is mocked; and WHEREAS, just as Jesus observed when he drew close to Jerusalem before His crucifixion and wept over the city that thought it knew of the things made for peace, it was now hidden from their eyes and just as high government officials often invoke the name of God, yet they tempt God by abandoning His truths; and WHEREAS, America must reaffirm her freedom and her faith; and BE IT RESOLVED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF ALABAMA, BOTH HOUSES THEREOF CONCURRING, That we urge America to reaffirm and protect its freedoms. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That the fifth day of May 24 2016 be set aside as a day of reflection by the citizens of the State of Alabama who will humble themselves and pray and seek God s face and turn from their wicked ways so that God will hear from Heaven and will forgive their sins and heal their land.America faces many problems including the threat of terrorism, climate change, income inequality, and being overtaken by the rest of the world when it comes to education, just to name a few. Alabama faces serious budget issues as well as healthcare and education issues. Yet all conservatives want to do about it is pray rather than construct and pass legislation that solves the problems. They literally believe that believing in God is all we need to do and all of our problems will magically be solved. This is counter to the hopes of the Founding Fathers that our government would lead by the use of reason. If we want to solve the problems our country faces, the first thing that needs to happen is to kick religion out of government once and for all. We need lawmakers, not preachers. Then we can get to work dealing with our problems constructively instead of pretending that some invisible deity will come to our rescue. When a religion is good, I conceive it will support itself; and when it does not support itself, and God does not take care to support it so that its professors are obligated to call for help of the civil power, it s a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one.  ~Founding Father Benjamin Franklin, letter to Richard Price, October 9, 1780 Featured image via YouTube",0
6783, Palin Stands With Disgraced ESPN Analyst Curt Schilling By Bashing Trans People In His Honor (IMAGE),"Like clockwork, the dregs of the conservative movement crawled out of their holes (and Twitchy comment sections) to stand with disgraced, now-former ESPN analyst Curt Schilling. His principal defender: Sarah Palin, a woman with enough hate in her heart to spread it around generously and with absolutely no job she could risk losing by doing so.The one-time baseball great had finally struck out with ESPN after posting (yet another) ugly hate-filled Facebook rant to his followers. Having been repeatedly warned by the network that his unabashed bigotry was out of line and needed to be curtailed if he wanted to continue to be a public figure, Schilling decided it would be a great time to begin bullying transgender people. On his page, he shared a conservative meme that depicts a man dressed as a woman with a caption reading: LET HIM IN! To the restroom with your daughter or else you re a narrow minded, judgmental, unloving, racist bigot who needs to die!!! After the initial blowback, Schilling created a blog post defending his belief that trans people are using public restrooms to prey on little girls (a  pants on fire  level lie) in a rant that had people seriously concerned for his mental well-being.You frauds out there ranting and screaming about my  opinions  (even if it isn t) and comments are screaming for  tolerance  and  acceptance  while you refuse to do and be either.YOU RE the ones making it the issue. I don t care, if you ask me about any of the topics it s likely (much to the chagrin of many) I ll answer with my opinion.Sarah Palin was appalled that Schilling had been canned from ESPN for his bigotry, so she decided to do something: Post an equally offensive meme bullying the trans community in  solidarity  with his. (Bonus points if you noticed the meme somehow managed to blame President Obama!)https://www.facebook.com/sarahpalin/posts/10154153457003588:0And thus we get a glimpse into the mindset of Sarah Palin. The  real  victim, in her view, is the hapless conservative who isn t allowed to spread vicious lies about a vulnerable group and still be allowed to have a job as the face of a major television network. To  support  her fellow conservative, Palin lashes out at the LGBT community   who, it should be noted, were not responsible for Schilling s pink slip.What s the word for this? Dangerous? Pathetic? Idiotic? How about  cowardly ?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6784," President Of Planned Parenthood Compared To ISIS, The Mob And Drug Dealers","Because the rabidly insane American right wing is no stranger to hyperbole and nonsense comparisons, Fr. Frank Pavone, an anti-choice fanatic, has compared Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood to terrorists, mobsters and drug lords. Why? Because she was invited to speak at Georgetown University by some of the students and letting Planned Parenthood speak is just plain crazy!While on an AM Hate Radio show, Pavone let loose with this gem:He said he didn t buy the argument that inviting someone like Richards to speak was allowing  inquiry into all different positions. I mean, do we inquire, do we try to understand terrorism by inviting representatives of ISIS to come and speak?  he asked.  Or let s get some of the biggest drug dealers in the country to come and talk about their business because, after all, we have to understand both sides of the issue of drug abuse. Why don t we invite the biggest mobsters to come in because we have to understand both sides of the debate about organized crime? Are they doing that? Maybe I m missing it, but do these universities invite these kinds of people too? What Pavone is actually saying is that the only side we should be listening to is the one that says a fertilized egg is a person and that Baby Jesus cries whenever a hell-bound baby killer abortion doctor performs an abortion. Also, that abortion is the moral equivalent of terrorism. That would be a perfectly reasonable argument to make except for the fact that it s pure bullshit.The burning desire for conservative Christians to impose their religious doctrine on the entire country is never more clear than in the abortion  debate.  I say  debate  because there really isn t one. The  pro-life  movement is all about control and, for the most part, completely unconcerned with what happens to the  precious life  they re willing to murder to defend. The pro-choice movement, on the other hand, is perfectly fine with common sense restrictions placed on late-term abortions, a fact that theocratic monsters refuse to acknowledge.Normally, what Pavone said would be just the ravings of a madman, but these are not normal times. The right has whipped up such a storm of hate and rage against Planned Parenthood that violence is both inevitable and ongoing. This kind of rhetoric only increases the chances that someone will declare themselves a  Soldier of God  and lash out. Shootings, arson, death threats and all other manner of terrorism have been a common occurance in a country that s supposedly at  War  with terrorism. But I guess as long as the terrorism is white and Christian, it s acceptable. Murika.Featured image via Getty ",0
6785," Republicans Did This, And Now Britain Is Warning Its Citizens To Avoid America","Once again, states run by conservative Republicans have provoked international embarrassment for America. This time, it is because our British allies now have to warn their LGBT citizens about traveling to southern states that recently passed anti-LGBT laws.Britain has issued a new warning for LGBT travelers visiting parts of the United States: Be wary.In an update to its U.S. travel advisory, the British Foreign Office highlighted the anti-gay laws recently passed in North Carolina and Mississippi. The U.S. is an extremely diverse society and attitudes towards LGBT people differ hugely across the country,  the advisory stated.  LGBT travelers may be affected by legislation passed recently in the states of North Carolina and Mississippi. Before traveling please read our general travel advice for the LGBT community. North Carolina and Missippi have lost revenue due to businesses (Paypal, Pepsi and many others) canceling plans to open facilities there and musicians like Bruce Springsteen and Pearl Jam deciding to cancel concert dates in those states   all because a minority of anti-LGBT bigots have decided to pass laws based on the myth of transgender bathroom predators.The so-called bathroom bills are laws correcting a problem that doesn t actually exist, in order to make conservative politicians look good to their base by attacking a group of Americans. It is what the right has devolved to and is part of their desperate attempts to keep so-called  values voters  perpetually on the edge and consistently voting for conservative Republican political candidates.In response to the British Foreign Office, the Human Rights campaign issued a statement noting,  It is both frightening and embarrassing that one of our nation s staunchest allies has warned its citizens of the risks of traveling to North Carolina and Mississippi because of anti-LGBT laws passed by their elected officials. It s even more bizarre that the supposedly pro-business right would push these laws, since the states who pass them will suffer economically. Being bigoted like this in 2016 is bad for business.Featured image via Flickr",0
6786, Colbert Hilariously Humiliates Ted Cruz For Losing New York By A Landslide (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz paid dearly for insulting  New York values  on Tuesday night, and Stephen Colbert couldn t resist rubbing the loss in Cruz s smug face.During the Late Show on Wednesday night, the audience applauded after Colbert told Cruz to  Suck it. The clearest message coming out of New York last night was: Suck it, Ted Cruz,  Colbert quipped.  Suck our New York values! Indeed, Ted Cruz had hoped to win New York even though he had been trashing the state throughout his campaign for not having the same values as him.And New York voters delivered a crushing defeat to the Texas Senator by voting overwhelmingly for Donald Trump.In fact, New York hated Cruz so much that Ben Carson received more votes than he did even though he hasn t been in the race for a month, a fact that Colbert found amusing. And in one county he even lost to Ben Carson, who dropped out of the race a month ago,  Colbert reported.  Though, to be fair, Dr. Carson may not be aware that he dropped out of the race. But even though Cruz was beaten like a speed bag in a loose suit, at the end of the night Ted Cruz managed to keep it positive, and also kind of creepy,  Colbert continued before playing a clip of Cruz talking about  America lying down with her back on the mat  during his concession speech.Colbert smiled and chuckled and then interpreted Cruz s words. That is when America is at her best, lying down with her back on the mat, lights on and with a firm handshake and then back to your separate beds for some quiet weeping. If you know what I mean. Here s the video via YouTube.If Ted Cruz learned anything from his loss on Tuesday, it s that you should avoid insulting an entire state when you are trailing your opponent in a race you desperately want to win, especially if your opponent is a native of the state you are insulting.Cruz had hoped that New Yorkers would forget all about what he said about them and vote for him anyway. He was wrong. Featured image via screenshot",0
6787, Elizabeth Warren Just Ripped The S.E.C. Apart For Allowing A Criminal Back On Wall Street,"Senator Elizabeth Warren is pissed and she is letting the Securities and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.) know it in no uncertain terms.Her anger stems from S.E.C. regulators  (I use that term loosely) decision to allow billionaire Steve Cohen to form a new hedge fund firm even though he is not supposed to have anything to do with the industry for two years. The Wall Street mogul was punished after he failed to properly supervise one of his employees who is now in federal prison for insider trading. Cohen s firm pleaded guilty to securities fraud and paid a $1.8 billion fine.Cohen managed to escape criminal charges (SHOCKING!) by agreeing to return all of the firm s outside money, renaming it Point72 Capital and signing an agreement vowing not to manage anyone s money or employees who are managing other people s money until 2018.Unfortunately, the agreement did not prevent him from owning a firm that profits off of other people. So, he waited a mere months before forming a new firm, Stamford Harbor Capital, to do just that. This enraged Senator Warren and she sent a letter to the S.E.C. on Thursday morning ripping them apart for allowing Cohen s new firm to register with them. The Senator said that in doing so they are allowing the firm to make  a mockery of the S.E.C. s core mission to  protect investors : The Commission has permitted a recidivist hedge fund manager, well-known for his former company s willingness to evade and ignore federal law, to once again profit from and potentially exploit investors. This is an unacceptable outcome from the nation s primary enforcer of securities laws the latest example of an S.E.C. action that fails to appropriately punish guilty parties, deter future wrongdoing, and protect investors. It is absolutely infuriating that the S.E.C., who is supposed to be protecting us from predators on Wall Street, has allowed this criminal to open another firm. Make no mistake, just because he wasn t charged doesn t make him any less of a criminal. For far too long hedge-fund managers have been allowed to get away with robbing the rest of us blind. Cohen just spit on the S.E.C. and they are standing by and taking it.So, in other words, it is business as usual on Wall Street. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6788, Colbert’s Rundown Of The ‘Harriet Tubman On The 20’ News is Gonna Piss Off Some Righties (VIDEO),"Stephen Colbert hit the nail right on the head and surely touched on some conservative nerves when he did a little ditty on the US Treasury s announcement they d be putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill. Colbert starts by pointing out that to do that you first have to remove  Indian stabber ummm Native American stabber  Andrew Jackson.Jackson, who was considered a  kind  slave owner because he gave the nearly 300 human beings he kept shackled and owned a place to sleep and food and allowed the women to have children. The last one is a no-brainer if you own people   babies are just free slaves. Jackson s rise to the presidency was also the beginning of the Democratic party that opposed Lincoln and ultimately seceded from the union.Colbert does quite a bit of poking fun at the founding slave owners, because, well they owned people. Jackson, in particular, was all about preserving the 3/5ths of a person slaves were counted as for census, which gave the South s big plantation enormous blocks of voting power within their state. And just how will Tubman feel being carried around next to the likes of Washington and Jefferson?Colbert also brought up the gender pay gap, noting that the $20 bill with a woman on it will now only be worth $17. Yet another dig at the conservatives who are at this moment trying to put out fires in racist back country congressional districts where they don t like to be left out of the decision-making process for such important things as denying African-Americans and their heritage any role in American history. Remember, these are the same people who oppose black history month, because why should  they  get their own month when whites only have the other 11?Racism, plain and simple, will be the thing people will remember most about Tubman s debut on the $20 bill. Sad but true.Featured image via screen capture",0
6789, ESPN Just Fired Curt Schilling For This Despicable Facebook Post (IMAGE),"ESPN just made an amazing stand against bigotry on the airwaves, by firing one of it s top name hosts for being anti-transgender. Curt Schilling just got handed his pink slip.Schilling has worked for the network since 2010 and is one of baseball s best-known commentators and analysts. But recently, Schilling decided to share a Facebook post in support of an antitransgender bill passed in North Carolina.The post insisted of an image, featuring a man in a wig, his T-shirt cut to expose breasts, and a bizarre black outfit of women s clothing. The image was accompanied by text which read: LET HIM IN! to the restroom with your daughter or else you re a narrow-minded, judgmental, unloving racist bigot who needs to die. Former player Schilling then added: A man is a man no matter what they call themselves. I don t care what they are, who they sleep with, men s room was designed for the penis, women s not so much. Now you need laws telling us differently? Pathetic. ESPN later issued a statement claiming Schilling s  unacceptable conduct  violated their policy of inclusiveness: ESPN is an inclusive company. Curt Schilling has been advised that his conduct was unacceptable and his employment with ESPN has been terminated. Of course, for those in conservative circles, this was another attack of political correctness which prejudices conservatives from exercising their rights of free speech. According to David Hookstead at The Daily Caller, Schilling s firing was part of some exodus of conservative media pundits:The former Red Sox pitcher has been very open about his conservative views in the past. He was previously suspended by ESPN for comparing ISIS to the Nazis.ESPN might have no problem getting rid of conservative pundits, but the network has tolerated extreme liberal positions in the past without firing anybody. ESPN employee Tony Kornheiser compared the Tea Party to ISIS and insinuated the Tea Party was attempting to  establish a caliphate. Kornheiser is still cashing pay checks from ESPN.What Hookstead leaves out is that the Tea Party is a billionaire-backed political movement with the express goal of creating a theocracy in the United States   that is federal and state law based on biblical law. On top of this, the vast majority of domestic terrorism in the US comes from white supremacists and Christian zealots. These groups have murdered LGBT people for being gay who have lynched non-whites and non-Christians. It is entirely comparable.However, using a caricature of a cross-dresser to invoke fear about transgender people using the gender identity appropriate bathroom is plain bigotry. One could just as readily argue the opposite, as transmen did en masse with the hashtag Using the hashtag #WeJustNeedToPee. Bearded transmen posted pictures of themselves in the women s bathroom, next to women entering cubicles and doing their makeup.Michael Hughes, from Minnesota, posted the picture below, asking:  Do I look like I belong in a women s bathroom?Under the North Carolina law, Michael would be legally-compelled to use the women s bathrooms   despite the fact that he would clearly cause some degree of confusion and worry by doing so.Surely the long term answer is to remove the gender apartheid from toilets altogether? Plenty of countries around the world do just fine using mixed bathrooms. Why not us? Featured image via Twitter/Facebook ",0
6790, This New Game Gives You A Taste Of Life Under President Trump (IMAGES),"For those itching for a taste of life in America under President Donald Trump   a new mobile game provides just that and it s creepy as hell.The new game  available on Apple App Store and Google Play  is called  Great Wall of America   The Donald Trump Edition.  As you might expect, the game is all abut getting that border wall with Mexico built, and keeping immigrants out of America s southern border.Like a cross between an episode of The Apprentice and Tenko, players have to deploy advanced management skills to achieve one simple goal: to BUILD THAT WALL!There is, of course, one additionally f*cked up element to this game. Rather than building the wall with the standard bricks and mortar   in the game, the wall is made up of cuboid versions of Donald trump s opponents. I sh*t you not. Let s take a look at them shall we?The game s creator Michael Kryski is apparently trying to make American mobile gaming great again. Maybe he can follow up with Whack-a-Mexican? The role player game, modeled on the famous whack-a-mole, allows gamers to play the part of a border guard tasked with enforcing Trump s dream of a Mexican-free America. Each time a Mexican attempts to burrow under the border wall, the guard smacks them back down into their tunnels with a giant mallet. This could extend to a Muslim edition.No doubt, this in development somewhere in the world.Kryski notes on his website, the very best part of the game is that it s totally free. Apparently, Mexico is paying for the whole thing.Featured Image via Great Wall of America ",0
6791," Israelis Throw ‘Death To Arabs’ Rally, Thousands Attend (VIDEO/TWEETS)","The state of Israel has been able to cover up its racism to the world quite effectively over the years through the use of propaganda and a pretense to peace with the Palestinians. Some apologists for today s crazy right-wing government even argue that if only the current prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, would be replaced by a  dove,  then peace could be achieved with the Palestinians. However, the lack of peace and the fascism in Israel today is not rooted in its prime minister; rather, it is rooted in the ideology of Zionism that drives him and most Israelis. Zionists believe in an exclusively Jewish state and they always have. The only difference these days is that under the current right wing government, psychotic Israelis are the official main-stream of society and they burn babies and execute Palestinians without hesitation and they know that the government will protect them.This was all on display in Tel Aviv as thousands of Israelis came out in solidarity for the Israeli soldier who executed a Palestinian lying incapacitated on the ground a month ago. The soldier, Elor Azarya, who was filmed shooting the Palestinian last month in the occupied Palestinian town Al-Khalil (Hebron), is facing manslaughter charges. However, Israelis who injure or murder Palestinians rarely face consequences.Watch video of soldier executing Palestinian here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-Bl9zAM5A4]Thousands of Israelis rally in support of soldier who executed wounded Palestinian https://t.co/EagsGN9gem by @RobertMackey  The Intercept (@theintercept) April 20, 2016Protestors chanted and held signs reading  Kill Them All. In Tel Aviv at the rally for Elor Azraya, Israel's executioner-soldier and national hero. 1000s in attendance pic.twitter.com/IB1hjmqT9i  Dan Cohen (@dancohen3000) April 19, 2016 Post-doctoral trolling ? Or ? Israelis adopt Nazi SS motto  My honor is loyalty  at Tel Aviv  Death to Arabs  rally pic.twitter.com/V8xb35Ktk8  David Sheen (@davidsheen) April 20, 2016Independent journalist @davidsheen beaten by Israeli mob because they thought he was a @Btselem human rights worker https://t.co/DpWduQsiZb  Ali Abunimah (@AliAbunimah) April 19, 2016The United States continues to give support to this racist state with billions of dollars and as every major presidential candidate except Bernie Sanders has given their cult like pledge of loyalty to Israel, things do not appear to be changing. It is time for Americans to rise up and say no to our support for Israel.Featured image via Twitter ",0
6792, Ted Cruz Pulls The Last Trick From His Hat And Trump’s Ego May Not Be Able To Resist,"The tried and true Donald Trump supporter doesn t care what the fuhrer does as long as he keeps saying catch phrase like  we re gonna make America great again  and  we re gonna build a wall.  As long as they can feel superior to Mexicans, Muslims and anyone with an education as they join in beating them up for wearing an offensive shirt that claims science is real to a Trump rally. No matter how much of a bump he gets afterwards and no matter how many times he declares himself victorious, the one thing Ted Cruz has on the Donald are his debating skills.Cruz isn t exactly a master. His shrill voice and the condescending look he gets on his face are enough for almost anyone to be willing to risk a night in jail for hauling off and punching him. At the end of the GOP debates, however, Cruz always got himself a nice little push in the polls. It s amazing that the smartest guy in the Republican room ended up being the least likeable guy in Washington. To call Ted Cruz smart in any other context is an insult to smart people.Cruz s big plan, then, is to challenge Donald Trump to another debate. He doesn t seem to be getting the memos. Trump is the only candidate with a mathematical chance of a secure nomination. He s polling high in every major contest left. His worst case scenario seems to be if the RNC screws him from his nomination with a contested convention, in which case the Republican party implodes anyway. The whole thing really has been glorious to watch.The one thing Cruz has going for him is The Donald s over-inflated ego. It may not allow Trump to simply back down from a senseless debate that can serve no purpose to Trump other than the loss of even more supporters. It s a noble move on Cruz s part; bold even to suggest another debate this late in the game. Unfortunately for him, his opponent has already kicked his political teeth down his throat and stands to gain nothing by accepting.That, of course, won t stop Ted Cruz from trying, so hopefully there are a few days of good Twitter name calling. That s far more interesting to cover than anything the GOP buffoons are still yammering about.Featured image via Joe Raidle/Getty Images",0
6793, Al Franken Hilariously Roasts Ted Cruz During Variety Show Appearance (VIDEO),"Al Franken returned to his comedic roots last Friday and his target was none other than Republican presidential wannabe Ted Cruz.The Minnesota Democratic Senator made an appearance at MinnRoast, an annual variety show, where he used the funnyman skills he honed as a cast member of Saturday Night Live to roast the Texas Senator.On this very welcome special performance, Franken revealed who Cruz s parents really are. Republicans are in kind of a bind since their best hope for stopping Donald Trump is a guy who s the lovechild of Joe McCarthy and Dracula,  Franken quipped.Indeed, Ted Cruz bears a striking resemblance to McCarthy, who led the persecution of suspected communists during the Red Scare in the 1950s, sort of like how Cruz leads the effort to persecute non-Christians and gay people in the present day. Franken was even dead-on with the Dracula comparison. Just take a look at Grandpa Munster as played by Al Lewis on The Munsters TV show and you ll see why.Franken wasn t finished, however. He also took a swing at Cruz s personality and his effort to use it to charm voters into foolishly supporting him. Cruz can be really hard to get along with, but I understand that in a couple weeks he s planning to launch a charm offensive,  Franken began.  He s having a little trouble with the charm part but he s got the offensive part down cold. Then Franken capped off his brief appearance with a jab at House Speaker Paul Ryan about how much Republicans are begging him to run for president so they don t have to watch Donald Trump sink the party in November.Here s the video via YouTube:Franken has rarely used his comedic prowess since becoming a Senator in 2009, and this performance makes us wish he would use it more often, even on the Senate floor. Because just about every Republican deserves to be mercilessly roasted for how they have turned the Senate into an embarrassing joke over the last eight years.Featured image: Screenshot",0
6794, Ted Cruz Threatens Voters: ‘Every Vote For Donald Trump Is A Vote For Hillary Clinton’ (AUDIO),"Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz must really be getting nervous about his chances of snatching the GOP nomination from front runner Donald Trump   because he s warning conservative voters that if they don t switch over to team Cruz, they re basically handing the election to Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton.Cruz made these comments during a radio interview on WPHT-AM Wednesday. In speaking to host Chris Stigall, Cruz suggested that if voters were going to be stupid enough to nominate Trump to run against Clinton, they  might as well  just hand her the White House on a silver platter. Cruz said: We have got to win and if Donald Trump is the nominee, it elects Hillary Clinton. Every vote for Donald Trump is a vote for Hillary Clinton. You might as well put a Hillary sticker on your car because Hillary wins by double-digits against Donald Trump. Cruz is absolutely right about one thing   and that s the fact that Clinton would sweep the debate floor with Trump, and right now she s destroying him in the polls. There is no way the disgraced candidate and business mogul would even stand a chance against her. But then Cruz begins to add some good old conservative wishful thinking to his rant, and reveals that HE is a good enough candidate to beat the former Secretary of State (even though he s currently losing to Trump). Cruz said: I beat Hillary in the election and that s why Republicans are coming together and are uniting behind a positive, optimistic, conservative message to bring back jobs and economic growth, to defend the Constitution and Bill of Rights and to keep America safe and defeat radical Islamic terrorists. Of course the Republican party is uniting under Cruz   they know how dangerous Trump is for the GOP and will do anything to stop him at this point. But unfortunately, they still haven t come to terms with the fact that the Democrats are going to have this election whether they like it or not. At this point, conservatives are desperate and they re grasping at straws.You can listen to Cruz s threats in the interview below:Both Trump and Cruz are no match for Clinton or Sanders, and they ve spent most of this campaign cycle making each other look like fools. They only have themselves to blame, and the GOP will have earned this loss. Featured image via Darren Hauck / Getty Images",0
6795, Obama Oversees Record Stock Market Results Despite Years Of Republican Obstruction And Lies,"For more than seven years now the right-wing loons have been calling for President Obama and his failed economic policies to give up and go back to Kenya, which if you listen to bumper stickers on pickemup trucks, a village is  missing its idiot.  No matter how many times he succeeds, no matter what sort of good deeds he has done, will the bigots of the right to ever see past the color of his skin.Seven years ago, our economy lay in waste. The banks had failed and the insurance companies that insure insurance companies began preparing us for the worst. Credit came to a halt. Home sales plummeted, the construction and service industries disappeared, the working class lost their jobs and the economy went into a tailspin. All the while your house decreased in value to half of the mortgage balance overnight. From there to today, which marked the second highest day of trading in seven years.Reuters reports that Wall Street is celebrating a close second only to the peak last May, which was a mere 2 percent higher. The S&P 500 has been driven up 15 percent as oil prices stabilize and quarterly reports pour in showing profits in almost all sectors. With home resales rising and the Dow closing at over 18,000, President Obama may have just presided over the worst example of  socialism  of all time. It would be overly optimistic to assume it s clear sailing from here,  said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta.  The good news has to keep on coming for this market to keep moving higher. Still tonight on the Trump, Cruz and Kasich trails, the rhetoric of rampant losses in the economy and jobs dwindling away to nothing. Trump will call the last 7 years  terrible,  when he knows how close we came to a depression. Cruz will say we have to reverse everything and take away the health care of millions of people. Kasich, well Kasich doesn t want Trump to get the delegates he needs to win. The truth is, no matter what, no Republican will ever give President Obama the respect he deserves for running an administration so obstructed by an entire party with dignity and an effectiveness they ll never forget.Featured image by Bloomberg/Getty Images",0
6796, Target Becomes America’s First Retailer To Allow Transgender People To Use The Bathroom Of Their Choice,"Screw Walmart (which is America s largest gun retailer), Target is busting down social barriers and spreading tolerance and acceptance nationwide!Target Corp. is now America s first retailer to allow transgender people to use the bathroom of their choice, a stark rebuttal of the discriminatory and hateful laws that were pushed in North Carolina and Mississippi. Not only will the choice apply to their customers, but to employees as well.On their website, the retailer posted a statement titled  Continuing to Stand for Inclusivity, and stood firm with the LGBT community, writing:Inclusivity is a core belief at Target. It s something we celebrate. We stand for equality and equity, and strive to make our guests and team members feel accepted, respected and welcomed in our stores and workplaces every day.We believe that everyone every team member, every guest, and every community deserves to be protected from discrimination, and treated equally. Consistent with this belief, Target supports the federal Equality Act, which provides protections to LGBT individuals, and opposes action that enables discrimination.More specifically, Target states that it will  welcome transgender team members and guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity,  and will not cow tow to the  impact to our business,  thus putting people over profit.Look at that, a corporation that actually respects the dignities of every customer and every employee. While Republicans continue to be beholden to corporate entities, maybe they could learn a thing or two about what s good for business   and discrimination is never good for business.Target s statement closes with a final reassurance for all those who shop or seek employment:Everyone deserves to feel like they belong. And you ll always be accepted, respected and welcomed at Target.While the comment section of the post received mostly negative backlash from people vowing to never shop there again, Target has not wavered in their support for LGBT rights. Again, Republicans could learn something, but chances are they will continue to put profit over people, or their own necks before doing what s right.So until then, let s continue to shop at Target and show our support! Featured image via Target website",0
6797, Washed Up Crazy Singer Accuses Saturday Night Live Of Worshipping Satan,"Right-ing paranoid whackjob Pat Boone has declared SNL is now venerating Satan, because of a parody skit they ran called  God is a Boob Man.  The skit was making some light-hearted humor at recent attempts to pass anti-LGBT laws in many states. The skit is absolutely hilarious and is a parody of other recent Christian movie trailers for such films as  God s not dead. It isn t clear how Boone saw the skit since he clearly hates SNL and shouldn t be watching it as a result. Perhaps he watches it just to get outraged. He certainly did get upset, though, when he took it upon himself to Godsplain God to the rest of us:God is not thin-skinned. But he does demand reverence. If you have any brains at all you don t pitch yourself against someone who created all things, the God of the Bible. They don t have to apologize to Christians [but] when you come against God and the Holy Spirit who are one and the same, you are bringing upon yourself eternal condemnation. Source: Right Wing WatchBoone went on to not only accuse SNL of being supporters of Satan, but he also outed SNL as a secret Jew-hating enterprise as well: Something can be devilishly funny, but this skit is diabolical. God has only one real enemy   Satan. Satan ridicules faith, and they re taking Satan s side. They re also ridiculing me and the film, telling impressionable young people not to see it because it s ridiculous. Then they throw in that the lawyer is Jewish to make the Christian look even worse, but it s just anti-Semitic. Source: Fox NewsYeah, he sure nailed it. Saturday Night Live is secretly anti-Jew. Just think about how stupid that sounds for a few moments.Then, to prove that he s a couple cans short of a six-pack, Boone said he didn t feel that SNL needed to apologize to Christians  followed a few moments later by him demanding that SNL apologizes to Christians. He literally real-time flip-flopped.Boone even went so far as to suggest that gay people should be offended at SNL for being  portrayed as more bigoted than Christians.  Notice he said  more  bigoted. He literally admitted that Christians like him are bigoted, by using the word  more. As if this wasn t embarrassing enough, the producer of  God s Not Dead 2,  (they actually made 2 of these?) Michael Scott, also complained that SNL is not portraying his movie  accurately  proving that he has absolutely NO CLUE how parody or satire works.Scott also chimed in with another incredibly funny comment, saying that parody like the SNL skit  goes too far  and  can cause divisions  among us.Really? Anti-LGBT/Pro-discrimination law doesn t go too far, and bigoted irrational hate doesn t cause divisions. But, a parody skit on SNL is the great doom of humanity. You really couldn t intentionally make up something that sounds as stupid as the things fundie Christians say naturally, these days.Featured image via Fox News screen capture",0
6798, Ben Carson Reminds Us Why We Hate Him – Suggests Where Harriet Tubman Belongs (VIDEO),"Not to let us be disappointed in hearing something ludicrous come out of his mouth in so long, Dr. Ben Carson just dropped a doozy on us while he was being interviewed on Fox News.Still unable to keep his eyes open for more than half a second at a time, Carson was asked his opinion about Harriet Tubman being placed in the twenty-dollar bill. He seemed flabbergasted at the notion and said that former President Andrew  Trail of Tears  Jackson, who is currently on the $20, was a  tremendous secretary  err, umm  president  and he believes he should get to hold his place on currency.When asked what he thought of Harriet Tubman, he said  I love Harriet Tubman. I love what she did, but we can find another way to honor her,  and that not being bad enough, he said  maybe a $2 bill. Tubman risked everything to free herself and others who were being held as property, and then was a key participant in trying to get women the right to vote. Being recognized on the $20 bill is the least we can do to continue to honor her and her legacy. To say that she belongs on currency that is barely in use, and could likely be considered a joke, is not only condescending, but outright insulting..@RealBenCarson: Maybe Harriet Tubman should go on the $2 bill https://t.co/OMPuGSp82N pic.twitter.com/ZtHY9s2WNi  POLITICO (@politico) April 20, 2016Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6799, ‘Weakest President Ever’ Has ISIS So Desperate For Cash They’re Buying Guns With Kidneys,"Almost incessantly, conservatives remind us that President Obama is weak. It s certainly not true, but we hear it constantly as the Right attempts to diminish each and every one of his accomplishments, no matter how small or large. One particular target area is the war on ISIS   which is going quite well. In December, the President promised we will  destroy  ISIS   and since then, we have seen him make good on his word. In fact, the following month.In December, the President promised we will  destroy  ISIS   and since then, we have seen him make good on his word. In fact, the following month, the United States bombed a building full of the terrorist organization s money   a move that probably did more damage than a direct strike on the extremist group s soldiers   destroying millions of the already cash-strapped terrorists  dollars in the process. In addition, Daesh has been rapidly losing territory, which means a drastic reduction in tax revenue.By February, ISIS was forced to slash salaries by half, do away with bonuses, and eliminate other perks (no more free Snickers bars and energy drinks, terrorists!). Now, things are so desperate that the terrorist group is literally killing its own people so that it can sell their organs. Taking things a bit further than their earlier order to harvest non-Muslims  organs for transplant, the Arabic-language al-Sabah newspaper reports that ISIS has now begun harvesting injured fighters  organs to be sold on the black market. Doctors were threatened to take out the body organs of a wounded ISIL militant,  the report said. Iranian news agency FARS confirms the information: The terrorists are suffering a budget shortage after their recent loss of territory in the southern part of Mosul and for the same reason it is reportedly killing its own militants who have been injured in southern Mosul to take out their body organs such as hearts and kidneys to sell them in the black market. In addition, rather than kill prisoners for YouTube propaganda, ISIS is now keeping them alive to harvest blood for transfusions.Things are bad for ISIS. In April, the AFP reported that ISIS  monthly income has fallen to critical levels: In mid-2015, the Islamic State s overall monthly revenue was around $80 million (71 million euros),  said Ludovico Carlino, senior analyst at IHS, which issues regular reports on IS-controlled territory. As of March 2016, the Islamic State s monthly revenue dropped to $56 million,  Carlino said.An IHS report also said oil production in areas controlled by IS jihadists had gone down to 21,000 barrels per day from 33,000 barrels per day before.This was due largely to air strikes by the US-led coalition and Russia, although IHS warned the decline was only an  interruption of production  as jihadists were able to repair infrastructure quickly.There s something strangely satisfying about watching ISIS in its death throes. While it is widely acknowledged that the United States, under Obama s leadership, played a large role in the terrorist organization s fall, you will never see Republicans acknowledge this. After all, why sacrifice a good talking point over a little thing like  the facts. Just for fun, here s a video of the airstrike that destroyed ISIS  cash stockpile:Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
6800, Fox’s Uncle Tom Sheriff: Hillary’s Hot Sauce Love Is Racist To Blacks (VIDEO),"Fox News loves Wisconsin s Sheriff David Clarke. That man is the biggest Uncle Tom ever, and they capitalize on his love of the GOP and their network as  proof  that they aren t flaming racists. Sheriff Clarke sat down on Wednesday with the hosts of the ultimate team of ignorant morons   the good folks at Fox and Friends. His reason for being there? To make sure people believe that Hillary Clinton is a racist.You see, there are many stereotypes surrounding food when it comes to black people. Watermelon, fried chicken, grape soda, and, of course, hot sauce. The last item on that list is Sheriff Clarke s supposed  proof  of Hillary Clinton s racism. Now, Clinton has a long and well-documented history of loving to put the fiery condiment all over her food. So much so, in fact, that she carries it with her. And she said so in an interview with New York s Power 105.1 s Breakfast Club radio show when they asked her a question about what she always carries with her. That doesn t stop right-wing rags from insisting that she only said that she likes hot sauce to pander to black people, especially since there s a line about it in Beyonce s  Formation  song, which is clearly a racial empowerment anthem.As per usual, though, facts don t matter to Sheriff Clarke or Fox and Friends hosts. Clarke lit into Clinton over the answer, saying: I m surprised she didn t say watermelon. just go all the way. You know, this stuff is dehumanizing. It s embarrassing, it s disgusting. Clarke went on to opine that black people would vote GOP if we knew the history of the racism of the Democratic Party, conveniently leaving out the fact that in the post civil rights era, the parties have switched places when it comes to the promotion of racism and other forms of bigotry. But, again, facts do not matter to these people.To his credit, host Brian Kilmeade did point out the obvious in this scenario regarding which party actually tries to help black people and end marginalization, and reminded the sheriff that it isn t the GOP. Kilmeade said: No Republican is legitimately going for the black vote. That s also an insult, isn t it? Clarke doubled down, though, and insisted that the GOP does care about the black vote, despite all evidence to the contrary. He told Kilmeade: There s a strategy to make that happen. It s going to take some time. First of all, you have to reconnect black people to their history. That s what the Democrats have done over the last, I would say 30-40 years, is they have gone into these area and erased the history books about who really supported the move to abolish slavery as an institution in America. Lincoln freed the slaves. And then the Civil Rights Act of 1964, it s was Democrats that were standing in the way. And it took a yeomen s effort by Republicans to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964. That s why I say if we reconnect black people with their history, they ll open their eyes and they ll know what to do. Well, you can t fix stupid or make the ignorant accept facts that do not toe the line of enforcing their own beliefs. Shameful, but true.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6801, Conservatives Will Lose Their Minds When They Find Out Who The Treasury Is Putting On The $20 Bill,"Big news out of the Treasury Department: After much debate, Alexander Hamilton will remain on the $10 bill   and instead, it s Andrew Jackson who is being given the boot.According to Politico, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is set to announce two major changes to the twenty, neither of which will make America s white supremacists very happy. First, former President Andrew Jackson will be replaced by a black woman, Harriet Tubman. Tubman was a legendary fighter against slavery and is recognized as having personally shepherded hundreds of escaped slaves to freedom in the north during her lifetime. The second change is the Treasury will be changing the $5 bill to  depict civil rights era leaders. Both changes reflect the recent cultural movement to acknowledge and honor the legacy of racial justice in America. It can also be seen as a bit of condemnation for the actions of President Jackson, a man whom historians are quick to point out gave America some of its most shameful actions against Native American peoples   including the forced migration and resettlement of many tribes that would eventually become known as the Trail of Tears.Until recently, it was Alexander Hamilton who was on the chopping block. However, thanks to a resurgence of interest in the founding father s life and legacy and the outrage over Jackson, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew was adamant that Hamilton would stay, even if someone else went. So long, President Jackson!Harriet Tubman being printed on the $20 bill will be a turning point in America s cultural identity. She represents the country at its best   humane, strong and fighting for what s right. She will also be the first woman and first person of color to be represented on paper currency (Native American, Sacajawea is already on a less commonly used dollar coin.)This all has to be quite a shock to the toxic white supremacists in the country who believe that white people are being erased and replaced by  minorities.  The fact that they will have to stare at symbols of racial equality each time they use a $20 or $5 bill is deeply satisfying. Or as my colleague Oliver Willis recently put it:dear wingnuts who are going to freak out about harriet tubman on the $20. give your bills to me.  Oliver Willis (@owillis) April 20, 2016Featured image via ABC7",0
6802, Hannity BLOWS UP At Ted Cruz In Heated Interview: ‘You Gotta Stop!’ (AUDIO/TWEETS),"Fox host Sean Hannity lost his cool during a radio interview with Ted Cruz yesterday, as the GOP candidate tried to dodge answering questions that might actually be helpful to voters.Hannity, who is a Trump supporter, brought up the way Cruz s campaign handled delegates, stating that it baffled many (and possibly being annoyed that Cruz was more prepared to win over delegates than Trump). Cruz completely avoided answering the question, and actually told Hannity he didn t think people cared about that. Hannity pushed back, insisting that millions of his followers wanted to know because they  find this whole process confusing. Once again, the GOP s least likable Republican dismissed Hannity s question, claiming that the only people who cared were on Trump s team. Cruz must have gotten Hannity s blood boiling, because then the Fox host blew up. He said: Senator, why do you do this? Every single time no, you gotta stop! Every time I have you on the air, and I ask a legitimate question, you try to throw this in my face. I m getting sick of it. I ve had you on more than any other candidate on radio and TV. So if I ask you a legitimate question to explain to the audience, why don t you just answer it? Cruz s response was equally testy as he shot back, Sean, can I answer your last question without being interrupted?  Then he made a half-ass attempt to respond to Hannity s question, but insisted that  as I travel the country, nobody is asking me this, other than the Trumpsters and the people repeating it. Hannity wasn t satisfied and continued to press the Texas Senator, stating that  it s a simple question, it s not a Trump question. You could tell that both men had gotten under each other s skin, because at one point in the interview, Hannity said to Cruz: Senator, I don t know why you re mad. And Cruz insisted that he wasn t mad, he was just annoyed that they were talking  only about the nonsense  instead of policy.Here s the intense interview, via The Sean Hannity Show:The interview clearly left Hannity with a bad taste in his mouth, because when the interview was over he took to Twitter to blast the candidate:TwitterTwitterTwitterHannity is known for giving pretty mild interviews to Republicans, but he was obviously no match for Cruz s ability to annoy anyone he comes in contact with.Featured image via Gerardo Mora / Getty Images",0
6803, Ben Carson Mistakenly Makes The Case NOT To Vote For Trump While On The Daily Show (VIDEO),"After dropping out of the Republican presidential race, Dr. Ben Carson made the quick shift to endorse Donald Trump. He insists that Trump is the best person for the job, besides himself of course, because he s an  outsider  who will supposedly get us away from the status quo. However, upon his recent visit to The Daily Show, Carson just made a perfect case against voting for Trump.Daily Show host Trevor Noah wasted absolutely no time in getting to the pressing question of why Carson chose to endorse Trump, saying the neurosurgeon must think  he can only be president for four years, so it can t be that bad. Carson s response was actually a far worse reason that Noah s joke, he said: What I actually said is that would be the worst-case scenario. Which left the audience not knowing whether to laugh or cry, and the sound that emanated from the crowd indicated it was probably a hybrid of the two.Yet, after discussing the supposed two different versions of Trump that exist, Carson said something that could make people stop and think twice before casting their ballot for Trump, because it s clear that Carson s vision of and for America is very different from that of the Republican front-runner s. He said: We are the child of every other nation, so we should have the welfare of every other nation at heart and conduct ourselves in a very different way. And if we can learn from them and we can conduct ourselves in a way that demonstrates compassion towards others, I believe that it can be a dawning of a new world. To which Noah responded as we all likely would with,  I hope Donald Trump is watching this show,  because that is certainly a message of inclusiveness that needs to be heard, and a far step away from the divisive, xenophobic rhetoric that Trump has been touting daily.It looks as though Carson may want to rethink who he s throwing his support behind.Watch the whole segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6804, Did Donald Trump Jr. Just Say His Dad Beat Him For Refusing To Get Him Coke? (VIDEO),"It s hard to imagine Donald Trump showing anything approaching respect to his kids. From openly fantasizing about his infant daughter s future breasts, to posing for creepy photos with Ivanka, to pretty much flat-out saying he wants to f*ck Ivanka, it s clear that The Donald probably isn t that great of a father. Watching him speak at his rallies or on television easily gives one the impression that Trump is a boiling pot of rage ready to spill over on whomever is nearby at the time. But in an interview on Fox News, Donald Trump Jr. implied that the aforementioned  boiling  took physical form, and that he was the closest in proximity to his father when it happened at least once. You told me a story once, you told me on your radio show, your dad   you re 7 or 8 years old and he asks you to get him a coke can and you didn t get it?  host Sean Hannity asked. Trump Jr. explained: He came back from a rather rough day at work and he was like  Run to the kitchen and get me a coke.  I said  I m not your EXPLETIVE maid, and I ve never seen the man move so fast in my life. Apparently, Trump Jr. ran from his father, but his mother stopped him at the top of the stairs. He says his mom, who is the  European tough disciplinarian type,  handed him to Trump for punishment. I learned never to do that one again,  Trump Jr. said with a grin on his face. He did not say what form his punishment took, but it certainly was not pretty. Most parents don t chase their kids around the house over simple backtalk. Most children are not so terrified of what would happen as a punishment that they flee in terror.Did he beat his son for refusing to grab him a coke? We ll never know until he clarifies   but The Donald is certainly a violent man. Before he ran for President, ex-wife Ivana Trump said during divorce proceedings that he would rape and humiliate her, once assaulting her after a failed surgery to remove a bald spot. The Daily Beast gives a rundown of the horrific incident:What followed was a  violent assault,  according to Lost Tycoon. Donald held back Ivana s arms and began to pull out fistfuls of hair from her scalp, as if to mirror the pain he felt from his own operation. He tore off her clothes and unzipped his pants. Then he jams his penis inside her for the first time in more than sixteen months. Ivana is terrified  It is a violent assault,  Hurt writes.  According to versions she repeats to some of her closest confidantes,  he raped me. Then he jams his penis inside her for the first time in more than sixteen months. Ivana is terrified  It is a violent assault,  Hurt writes.  According to versions she repeats to some of her closest confidantes,  he raped me. Obviously, if he would do this to his wife, he would not hesitate to be violent with his children.Did Donald Trump Jr. just reveal another horrific fact about his family? Watch the video below and decide for yourself: Featured Image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images ",0
6805, This Amazing Photo Shows The POWER Women Have When They Vote,"This photo shows the gravesite of Susan B. Anthony, the pioneering activist who tirelessly pushed for women s equality   specifically suffrage, the right to an equal vote   on the day of the 2016 presidential primary in New York.The photo shows a group of  I voted  stickers affixed to Anthony s tombstone, which is in Mount Hope Cemetery, in Rochester, NY.Greta Selin-Love, who posted the photo, said she  got a little weepy  looking at the picture as was  thinking back to all the work that Susan B. did for us. It is definitely worth noting that the photo comes on the same day that a woman who is very likely to be the first female president, Hillary Clinton, won the New York primary with over a million votes.Susan B. Anthony was born in 1820. She formed the Women s Loyal National League with Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and quickly launched the largest petition drive up that point in American history, with 400,000 signatures demanding the abolition of slavery.Anthony followed that up with an organization demanding equal rights for women and blacks.Her activism in service of women s suffrage was launched after she was arrested in Rochester in 1872 for the crime of voting as a woman, and went to trial because she refused to pay the fine. That led to the creation of an amendment giving women the right to vote, which Anthony traveled around the country giving speeches pushing for.She died in 1906, unfortunately not seeing her dream realized. But in 1920, the Ninteenth Amendment became the law of the land, denying the right to deny anyone the right to vote based on their gender. It is only a few words, but they are powerful:The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.Anthony was later honored with her image on a U.S. postage stamp, and her face also appeared on $1 coins. But most importantly her legacy is felt every time a woman casts a ballot in America, ratifying over and over true equality.Featured image via Facebook ",0
6806," Finally, Somebody Is Getting ARRESTED For Lead Poisoning In Flint’s Water","Criminal charges are coming down the line for Flint, Michigan officials involved in the devastating lead poisoning of the city s water supply. The Detroit Free Press reports that the state attorney general is about to make a major move.Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette will announce criminal charges today in connection with his ongoing investigation of the Flint drinking water crisis, three sources familiar with the investigation told the Free Press on Tuesday.Officials believe the city got artificially low lead readings because they didn t test the homes most at risk   those with lead service lines or other features putting them at high risk for lead. Among those to be charged is a City of Flint official who signed a document saying the homes Flint used to test tap water under the federal Lead and Copper Rule all had lead service lines   a statement investigators allege was false.Flint   a majority black city of over 100,000   had its water poisoned when an emergency manager put in place by Republican Governor Rick Snyder made the decision to switch the city s water supply to the Flint River in order to save money. Thanks to a system of corroded pipes, the water was poisoned with lead and piped into homes as drinking water.As a result, tests of Flint children have shown an increase in blood lead levels from 2.5% of kids to possibly as much as 5%. Lead poisoning can cause many physical ailments as it attacks the body, as well as brain damage resulting in serious learning disabilities and other disorders.Governor Snyder and his subordinates first down played concerns about lead poisoning when Flint residents began complaining about the quality of their water. Then as national media outlets began covering the issue, Snyder hired crisis managers and began to issue apologies while failing to seriously take blame for his decision.Now someone is going to be arrested, but it is an open question if the investigation will go to an even higher level, to the decision makers at top.Featured image via Flickr",0
6807," Trends Show Republicans Are SCREWED For 2016, And It’s All Thanks To Trump","Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump emerged victorious in blowout wins in their home state of New York on Tuesday. In a field of three, Trump managed to capture just over 60 percent while Clinton, in a field of two, captured just under 58 percent.With Clinton and Trump gaining in delegates, it s becoming increasingly likely the two will face off in the November general election (should there be no contested conventions).And if Trump emerges the nominee and so does Clinton, that spells very bad news for the Republicans.Real Clear Politics, which gathers daily polling from multiple sources and finds a median, shows that as more Americans are exposed to Trump s campaign, the more likely they are to back Hillary Clinton.As Vox puts it:This is, according to political scientists, around the time when general election polling becomes predictive of the actual vote.  Were this a few months ago, I d say,  What s the big deal?'  Christopher Wlezien, a political science professor who s done a lot of work on election polling, told Vox back in March.  But polls today are much more meaningful than they were 90 days ago. And the polls today are much less favorable for Trump. Around this time, Mitt Romney was more popular than Donald Trump is, and he was within 2.5 percent of President Obama   who obviously won. Right now, Clinton is about ten points higher than the Donald.As general election polling becomes more representative of the actual outcome, Vox and Real Clear Politics estimate that at this rate Democrats not only would win the presidency and take back the Senate, they could even take back the House.One reason the Republicans are having such a hard time catching up to Clinton is because they aren t united, and are quite fractured. Democrats, while having their own differences, are nowhere near the breaking point the Republicans are, and that is a huge advantage heading into the general election.Republicans should be terrified. If they were smart, they would broker their convention and nominate Kasich, who consistently beats Hillary Clinton in the polls. But since when has the Republican Party done the smart thing?Years of fear mongering and peppered racism has not, nor will it, pay off for the GOP. They created this monster, now they have to deal with it. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty",0
6808, ‘Maury’ Show Official Facebook Posts F*CKED UP Caption On Guest That Looks Like Ted Cruz (IMAGE),"Maury is perhaps one of the trashiest shows on television today. It s right in line with the likes of the gutter trash that is Jerry Springer, and the fact that those shows are still on the air with the shit they air really is a sad testament to what Americans find to be entertaining. However, Maury really crossed the line with a Facebook post regarding one of their guest s appearance with a vile, disgusting caption on Tuesday evening.There was a young woman on there doing one of their episodes regarding the paternity of her child. However, on the page, the show posted an image of the woman, who happens to bear a striking resemblance to Senator and presidential candidate Ted Cruz. The caption from the Maury Show page read: The Lie Detector Test determined .that was a LIE!  Ted Cruz is just NOT that SEXY! As if that weren t horrible enough, the caption underneath the Imgur upload reads,  Ted Cruz in drag on Maury. Here is an image from the official Maury Facebook page:Here is the embed of the post itself:This is beyond despicable. It s bad enough that this show preys on desperate people to keep their trashy show going and their audience of bottom-feeders entertained, but now they publicly mock them as well? This young woman cannot help how she looks or who she resembles. That is not her fault. Shaming someone s looks on social media is something we d expect from the morons who watch this crap on a daily basis, but it is NOT something the official show page should be doing. Then again, what can you expect from a show that rolls in the mud for a living and continues to show the world that there is now low they will not stoop to? This was more than a step too far, though.Maury, you owe this young woman a public apology. A VERY public apology. There s just no excuse for this, no matter the demographics of your audience or what you do on that disgusting show of yours. I suppose it will be too much to ask that you lose viewers over this, because the people who watch your trashy ass show likely aren t educated enough to understand why this is so wrong in the first place. I don t watch, so I can t deprive you of my viewership, but I CAN call you out.Shame on you, Maury Show and everyone associated with this despicable Facebook post. You really showed your true colors here today.Featured image via Facebook ",0
6809, Clinton Wins Big In New York Democratic Primary (IMAGE/VIDEO),"New York loves Hillary Clinton, and they really turned out to show her that in tonight s primary. Her 56.7% to Sanders  42.4 percent means a huge delegate and popular vote win, with Clinton picking up 129 delegates. This also means that she breaks the 7-state winning streak that Bernie Sanders has enjoyed over her. The results were called a mere 40 minutes after voting ended at 9 PM EST.Here is a map of how the delegate counts shook out for tonight s Democratic Primary in New York, via Raw Story:Always classy, Secretary Clinton tried made sure that people understood that there is more that unites us as Democrats, rather than divides us, whether you supported her or Senator Sanders.Congratulations, Madame Secretary! No matter who wins this nomination, vote BLUE in November!Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6810, Guatemalan President Can’t Keep A Straight Face As He Mocks Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has been called out by yet another foreign leader for his ridiculous plan to build the Great Wall of  Murica. During a Facebook Live interview by The New York Times en Espa ol, Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales, a former television comedian, openly mocked the Republican s wall.Trump rose to the top in the Republican primary race by promising his supporters that he was going to erect a huge wall to keep Latino immigrants out of the country. Although he has said that he is going to force Mexico (hahaha) to pay for this monstrosity, he has also promised that he is going to have it built really  inexpensively.  In order to do that, he is going to need the cheap labor he rails against in all of his speeches, and that is what President Morales offered him: To the gentleman who wants to build a wall, I offer cheap labor. We have high quality labor, and we ll gladly build. Tell us the dimensions, and we know how to do it. The president could hardly keep a straight face when he offered to help  the gentleman.  But he quickly turned serious when he started discussing real immigration policy with the reporter, saying: We believe   although I have no reason to involve myself in U.S. migratory policy   we believe that it is necessary to think about migratory reform where many people who are there in an irregular manner will be regularized,  he said. Morales added that legalizing undocumented immigrants in the United States would benefit the country because they would  contribute more and pay more taxes. He is absolutely right, it would greatly benefit America if we would reform immigration. We have millions of undocumented immigrants living in this country who are contributing to society, but would love to contribute even more   unfortunately, they are unable to do so unless they are legalized.Republicans like Donald Trump do not consider that, though, not because they believe it is false, but because it is easier to keep their voting base energized if they have someone to hate. Right-wing,  poorly educated  voters need a scapegoat to blame all of their problems on and immigrants are perfect for that. Meanwhile, the GOP continues to fan the flames to keep their dumbass base in a constant state fear which sends them back to the polls to vote for the right s candidates. It doesn t matter how much the GOP is victimizing their voters by cutting funding for many of the programs that keep food on their tables, as long as they have  others  to pick on, they are happy.So, Trump will continue to push this Great Wall of  Murica fantasy, his supporters will lap up his rhetoric and world leaders will continue to point their fingers and laugh at us. This is another reason why it is so important to vote BLUE in November.Watch the interview below (be warned, it s in Spanish):Featured image via video screenshot",0
6811, Elizabeth Warren Just DECIMATED Ted Cruz For Whining About His ‘Sacrifices’: BOO HOO (TWEETS),"It looks as though Ted Cruz is really proud of himself for everything he believes he is doing for the nation as he is running for president. On Monday, he sent out a campaign email explaining all the  sacrifices  he s making as he s on the campaign trail. He said,  The sacrifices for our campaign are steep, but I m proud to be making them on your behalf.  Then he goes on to list the sacrifices:Now, I don t know about you, but I needed a barf bag to get through his list of  sacrifices.  Someone else who was not at all impressed with Cruz s complaints about life for the good of his campaign is Senator Elizabeth Warren from the great state of Massachusetts. She saw his list of  sacrifices  and took to Twitter faster than a locomotive to let him know a thing or two about real sacrifice.Yesterday @TedCruz sent a campaign email whining about the  significant sacrifice  he s made to run for President. pic.twitter.com/yKtLpWG0Ou  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016.@TedCruz whined about facing constant attacks, nonexistent family time, limited health and sleep, and no personal time.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016She even said  boo hoo    that s when I stood up at my computer and applauded.Are you kidding me, @TedCruz? We re supposed to pity you because trying to be the leader of the free world is hard?! 2 words: Boo hoo.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Then she goes through his  sacrifices  one by one and absolutely tears each and every one of them apart with true examples of sacrifice.Know whose health is limited? Workers w/ no paid leave who can't stay home when sick or caring for kids. @TedCruz won't support it.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Know whose sleep is limited? Working parents who stay up worrying about getting kids thru college w/o big debt. @TedCruz blocked #refi.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Know who gets no personal time? People who work 2 min wage jobs to support their families. @TedCruz opposes giving them a raise.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Know who gets no family time, @TedCruz? Moms w/ unfair schedules who drop kids at daycare & find their hrs cancelled. @GOP won't help.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Know who s facing ""constant attacks,"" @TedCruz? Hardworking American immigrants, Muslims, LGBT folks, women. Your constant attacks.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016And @TedCruz? Working people work more, get paid less, can't save, get mistreated, struggle with illness & family   but they don't whine.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016They don't throw tantrums or try to shut down their workplace because they don't get their way   & then turn around & demand promotions.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Oh, but she wasn t done yet  Now she drives it home!You chose to run for President, @TedCruz. You chose to make your  sacrifices.  Working people don't have a choice.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016Hey @TedCruz: Maybe you should spend less time complaining about your ""significant sacrifices""   & more time doing something about theirs.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) April 19, 2016YES! YES! YES! A thousand million kajillion times YES! Senator Warren, thank you for telling it like it is. Bravo! Never stop being you!The mic has been dropped. Eat crow, Cruz.Featured Photos by Darren Hauck/Getty Images  Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6812," Bernie Sanders Comforts Frustrated Voters, SHREDS New York’s Closed Primary (VIDEO)","On Tuesday, Bernie Sanders slammed New York s closed primary system after a frustrated voter vented to him about not being able to vote.The voter, 21-year-old Mike Cantalupo of Massapequa, New York, went up to Sanders and explained how the system had not only confused, but ultimately failed him. Cantalupo said that he d been trying to enroll as a Democrat since last spring, but couldn t succeed because he was told that by the Department of Motor Vehicles that his paperwork was lost. Then, when he tried to register again in December, he was told that the deadline for a change-of-party in New York had passed (the deadline is October). Despite all of his efforts, he couldn t change his registration and was ultimately prevented from casting his ballot. He told Sanders: New York has terrible voting laws. Right now I m trying to do everything I can to get my vote cast for [Sanders]. I can sign a court order and an affidavit and whatever I need to do, and I m going to do that, but it shouldn t be this hard to vote. Sanders heard Cantalupo s concerns and nodded. He agreed that  No, it should not be  this hard for people to vote. He added: Today, 3 million people in the state of New York who are independents have lost their right to vote in the Democratic or Republican primary. That s wrong. You re paying for this election; it s administered by the state, [and] you have a right to vote. That s a very unfortunate thing that I hope will change in the future. You can watch Cantalupo s conversation with Sanders below:WATCH: @BernieSanders tells independent voter by Times Square:  You have a right to vote  https://t.co/1dXt1G3Cauhttps://t.co/PztjYBywWU  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) April 19, 2016Because of these issues, 3 million people that are registered outside of Republican or Democratic parties may not be able to vote in the primary. Jose Ruiz, a polling site coordinator, estimated  I d say 30% are not registered, even though they thought they were. And it wasn t just registration that voting New Yorkers had trouble with. In other cases, polling places were moved without adequately notifying voters, and some polling sites were set up hours later than their scheduled time.Despite all of the issues and setbacks, Sanders is still hopeful. Continuing to bash the primary problems that voters are now referring to as  sabotage,  Sanders said: We re feeling very good. If there is a large voter turnout   despite the impediment of 3 million people not being able to participate   I think we re going to do just fine. Compared to the rest of the United States, New York is generally low in voter participation regardless of whether it s a local or national election. Open primary states, or those with same-day registration, have much higher turnouts.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6813, Actress Salma Hayek Perfectly BURNS Trump For Confusing 9/11 With 7- Eleven (TWEET),"A tweet by actress Salma Hayek clearly demonstrates how ridiculous the Republican Party is for supporting Donald Trump.During a rally in Buffalo on Monday, the Republican front-runner didn t even notice a major slip of his tongue when he confused to the terrorist attacks on 9/11 to the convenience store known as 7-Eleven. I wrote this out, and it s very close to my heart,  Trump claimed.  Because I was down there and I watched our police and our firemen down at 7/11, down at the World Trade Center right after it came down. And I saw the greatest people I ve ever seen in action. Yeah, it s so close to his heart that he couldn t even be bothered to get the date of the attacks right. And he was in New York when he made the unforced error.Trump would end up being crucified on social media for the screw-up, but Salma Hayek won the Internet with her own hilarious reaction. I am a dyslexic Mexican and English is my second language, however even I do not confuse 7/11 with 9/11,  she wrote.Here s the post via Twitter.I am a dyslexic Mexican and English is my second language, however even I do not confuse 7/11 with 9/11. #DonaldTrump  Salma Hayek (@salmahayek) April 19, 2016Hayek has only been on Twitter for just a year now but it looks like she has mastered the art of the Twitter burn.This has to be a totally embarrassing moment for Trump. In fact, it s probably the most embarrassing gaffe he has made throughout his hateful campaign. The man lives and works in New York for his entire life and yet he can t correctly state the date of the worst terrorist attack on American soil which happened in his own backyard and claimed the lives of nearly 3,000 people.Donald Trump is a disgrace and Salma Hayek just put him in his place with a single tweet.Featured Image: Gage Skidmore",0
6814, Tennessee Republican Leader Vows Punishing Tax Hike On Companies That Support LGBT Rights,"It s amazing how quickly  free market values  go out the window when Republicans don t get their way.In Tennessee, House Majority Leader Gerald McCormick (R) vowed to start an economic hit list on businesses in the state that stood up for LGBT rights in the face of a recent discrimination bill similar to the one passed in North Carolina.The so-called  bathroom bill  would have forced trans students at public schools and colleges to use the gender on their birth certificate to determine which bathroom to use. It was an increasingly desperate response by conservatives to solve a non-existent problem in opposition to the expansion of gay rights across the country. Thankfully, Tennessee s Republican lawmakers got cold feet after watching states like North Carolina and Mississippi get economically devastated by their own versions of the law.However, McCormick was not happy about it. On the floor of the House he threw an epic tantrum that included floating the idea of using economic coercion in order to get businesses to drop their support for LGBT rights. His plan was to block companies who are seen as gay friendly from getting tax breaks like other businesses in the state. The ultimate goal appears to be to drive those businesses to bankruptcy or force them to comply with McCormick s narrow view of human rights. All these companies who tried to blackmail us over this thing, when they come for their corporate welfare checks next year, we need to have a list out and keep an eye on it. Note: McCormick s use of  Blackmail  here means democratic and economic expressions of protests.McCormick also accused people concerned with gay and trans rights of being unconcerned with gang violence. What do the two have to do with one another? Who knows, and certainly not McCormick. This weekend we had four people shot in Chattanooga,  McCormick said. But  our Chamber of Commerce is writing us letters about the bathroom bill. Now the reason they re not all fired up about the city of Chattanooga s handling of the gang problem is because the city of Chattanooga sends them money and funds their budget. And we don t. Guess what. We ain t gonna. The hypocrisy of creating a needless bill and then getting upset when people  waste time  opposing it is, of course, extremely rich.Like his counterparts in North Carolina, McCormick seems absolutely bewildered by the fact that the American people are not cool with his party s attempt to bully transgender people. Rather than reflect on the outrage and reassess his own beliefs, the Republican response has been to double down and accuse the opposition of being part of a vast  gay agenda  conspiracy.With his delusions intact, McCormick now wants to use his position to destroy businesses that stand with the LGBT community. It would be laughably desperate if it weren t so vile.Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
6815, Ben & Jerry’s Ice Cream Founders Get Arrested At U.S. Capitol,"The co-founders of Ben & Jerry s Ice Cream, Ben Cohen, and Jerry Greenfield, were two of the 1200+ arrested in the past week at the U.S. Capitol to protest the influence big money has in politics as part of the Democracy Spring movement. According to the U.S. Capitol Police, those arrested were charged with crowding, obstructing or incommoding, which is unlawful demonstration activity. Both Cohen and Greenfield were processed and released on scene.Ben Cohen also runs a non-profit, Stamp Stampede, which literally stamps money out of politics. The stamps stamp money with slogans such as  Not to be used for bribing politicians. No matter what issue you are most passionate about environment, healthcare, soaring prescription drug costs the root cause is always linked to corporations giving so-called donations in large sums to politicians, in a process Senator John McCain has called  legalized bribery,  Ben Cohen told me in an interview for the New York Observer in December 2015. A few hundred really wealthy people put in the majority of early contributions to our country s presidential candidates,  he said.  In the context of congress, our representatives get gobs of money from corporations through lobbyists for either passing or not passing legislation, essentially transforming our democracy into an oligarchy. We can t tackle the rest of the problems until we tackle this basic one. It s difficult to address because it requires an amendment to overturn a Supreme Court decision, but that s what Americans have done throughout history we have worked to overturn egregious decisions, which is why we have the constitutional amendment process. The non-profit s website, StampStampede.org, has photos of stamped money posing with Senator Elizabeth Warren and other advocates for getting money out of politics. As long as corporate and wealthy influences can undermine democracy through campaign contributions, the gridlock in congress will persist and most likely worsen. Big money doesn t want meaningful progressive reforms, they want to influence legislation to insulate themselves from the rigors of a competitive market while exploiting tax loopholes and government subsidies to maximize their profits at the expense of the working and middle classes in America.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
6816, Art Project Or Hate Speech? 6 Rainbow Colored Nooses Found Hanging On Tennessee Campus,"Students at Austin Peay State University were both horrified and deeply puzzled by what appears to have been an art project gone horribly wrong. Someone, allegedly with the approval of an art instructor, made 6 nooses, one for each color of the rainbow, and hung them from a tree on campus.According to a statement posted on social media Monday night, the nooses were found on campus near the Trahern building, where most of the university art classes are held.In a statement, President Alisa White called the display  deeply disturbing. This incident is deeply disturbing and is hurtful to our University community,  White said in the statement.  Regardless of the intent, the display has no place on our campus. I am saddened, and I am sorry for the hurt and offense this has caused and want our students, faculty, and staff to know that it will not be tolerated. As of this writing, no one has come forward to claim responsibility or, more importantly, explain what the hell they were thinking at the time. Considering that Tennessee has over 200 confirmed cases of post-Reconstruction lynchings, hanging any noose of any kind is, to be delicate, in extremely poor taste.But, even more bizarrely, it might not have been intended as hate speech:According to a student in the class who asked to not be identified, the display was a part of a project in an introductory sculpture class. The student said the project concepts and locations were approved in advance by the instructor.Comments on Instagram indicate the rainbowed noose theme has to do with the number of suicides in the LGBT community, which I can sort of see if I squint really hard. Admittedly, we ve all said or done something that sounded great in our head but turned out to be a really stupid idea in practice. I m leaning towards the suicide explanation because, frankly, I m having a hard time believing that an art instructor heard the pitch  I want to hang rainbow colored nooses because I don t like gays and black people  and thought it would make a lovely art project.On the other hand, even if there was no ill intent, the student that convinced an instructor to put their job at risk in this fashion can apparently sell ice to an Eskimo. Stay tuned for more on this bizarre story.Featured image via Instagram",0
6817, Samantha Bee Goes There In Funniest NSFW Takedown Of Trump’s Ego Yet (VIDEO),"When it comes to Donald Trump one thing is clear: he loves himself   a lot. He admires himself to the point where he may actually believe everything he touches turns to gold. He tells crowds of people, that for some reason believe him, that he s going to  Make America Great Again.  How? Pfft, who needs details? He s just going to do it, duh.Noticing what a braggadocios windbag the Republican presidential frontrunner is, is well, everyone, but taking to the next level is Full Frontal host Samantha Bee. On her Monday show she completely skewered the living heck out Trump and his speeches full of how much  winning  he is going to bring to the nation.During a rally in Albany, NY, Trump said: We re gonna start winning again. We re gonna win so much. We re gonna win at every level  We re gonna win economically. We re gonna win with the economy. We re gonna win with military. We re gonna win with healthcare and for our veterans. We re gonna win with every single facet. We re gonna win so much, you may even get tired of winning, and you ll say please, it s too much winning. We can t take it anymore. Mr. President it s too much, and I ll say no it isn t. Noticing how clearly this speech is more reminiscent of  Fifty Shades of Grey  than any sort of policy proposal, Bee appears in a blindfold asking Trump to  win me harder  win all over me  just, try not to win in my hair. Bee then says: Sorry, I thought I was listening to my audio book of Fifty Shades of Great. I listen to the audio book because I need my hands free  and the rest you ll have to see below.Let s just say, she hits the nail on the head on how much Trump loves himself, as well as how much he thinks we should all love him and his  ideas  and how much he s going to be  winning  for the country, and we should just take it, because you know, even if we hate it, we re gonna love it.Well done, Sam.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6818," Rick Snyder Drinks Flint Water To Prove It Is Safe, Rachel Maddow Gives Him Bad News (VIDEO)","Michigan Governor Rick Snyder was thirsty to prove that the water in Flint is safe to drink, so he drank it and promised to drink more. But Rachel Maddow had some bad news to share.In response to an open invitation to drink some of the water he himself had declared poisoned after ignoring the man-made travesty for a year or more, the Republican told a reporter,  Yeah, I mean if someone, I m happy to look into that. But Snyder didn t exactly look happy about the prospect of voluntarily drinking tainted water that could make him seriously ill as he turned away. So, after many tests of the tap water in one home, Snyder took a drink and claimed to like it so much that he would keep drinking it for 30 days though it is not known how Flint residents will be able to verify that the three gallons he took with him is the same water he ll be drinking. I completely understand why some Flint residents are hesitant to drink the water and I am hopeful I can alleviate some of the skepticism and mistrust by putting words to action,  Snyder declared after drinking the water.  Flint residents made it clear that they would like to see me personally drink the water, so today I am fulfilling that request. And I will continue drinking Flint water at work and at home for at least 30 days. Flint residents certainly are not buying into the act. Not only should he and his wife drink it, they say, his whole family should drink it as well as bathe in it and cook with it.Indeed, that s what Flint residents were forced to do for a long time before state officials finally acknowledged that the water supply was poisoned and began to do something about it. It could have been avoided had Republicans not switched the city s water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which has been contaminated for decades as a matter of public record.And because state officials allowed the tragedy to unfold, thousands of children now face future health issues due to the high levels of lead in the water.But Rachel Maddow had some news for Snyder. He may have made sure that the tap water he was drinking was safe before ever taking a sip, but that doesn t mean it wasn t poisoned when he finally got around to drinking it. As best as we can tell, that house where Governor Snyder drank this water through the filter today, it s been tested for lead several times in recent months,  Maddow said. The federal danger threshold for lead is 15 parts-per-billion,  she continued. However, a test conducted on March 16, just over a month ago, revealed levels of 265 parts-per-billion.  More than 10 times above the federal threshold,  Maddow pointed out. So careful Governor. I hope it was a good lead day at that house when you filled up those jugs. Here s the video via YouTube.Make no mistake, despite his attempt to make Flint residents feel better, Snyder and other state officials should be sitting in a jail cell right now awaiting prosecution for all the lives they have ruined by their irresponsible management of Flint and the city s water supply. They literally put saving money above public health and safety and that is unforgivable.Featured image via screen capture",0
6819," Jared Fogle’s Pedophilic Texts Finally Released, And They Are Absolutely REVOLTING (VIDEO)","Former Subway spokesman and outed pedophile Jared Fogle is rotting in prison where he belongs, but the scandal surrounding the man who made his fortune by hawking sandwiches for the  Eat Fresh  chain is far from over. The whole world knows that the man is a sick old kiddie diddler, but thus far we haven t been privy to the extent of his depravity. That all comes to an end now, though.The Daily Mail has revealed text messages that Fogle exchanged with a pimp, asking for a 14-year-old girl. According to TMZ, the texts offered $400 for sex with little girls: I ll pay you big for a 14 or 15-year-old,  Fogle said to the pimp. He goes on to ask,  Do you have any access to any young girls? Like 15 or 16? When the pimp inquires as to why Fogle was asking about young girls, he responds,  Because that is what I crave. If that s not sick enough for you, Fogle not only paid for sex with youngsters, he also was caught with a boatload of child pornography, involving as many as 12 innocent children. Hell, even his childhood obesity foundation was nothing more than a way for him and another pedophile he worked with to have access to kids. Luckily, for those children and for the authorities, an informant actually recorded his descriptions of his disgusting proclivities.Hopefully, this horrible man rots for his entire prison sentence and then some. He is a menace to society and should never be let out for the sake of innocent children everywhere.Watch the video below, of the informant describing her recorded conversations with Fogle:Featured image via Joey Foley/Getty Images",0
6820, Samantha Bee Rips Tennessee Republican A New One For Calling All Rape Victims Liars (VIDEO),"A racist, anti-gay Tennessee Republican who thinks rape victims are liars was hilariously taken to the woodshed by Samantha Bee on Monday.GOP state Rep. Sheila Butt has made an ass of herself ever since taking office. She has openly called for the creation of a National Association for the Advancement of White People and is staunchly opposed to same-sex marriage and homosexuality. She has also viciously targeted rape victims, whom she thinks are lying about being raped just so they can get an abortion.In response to all of these hateful and bigoted stances held by this conservative  Christian  lawmaker, Bee hilariously skewered her. Right, those crimes are totally unverifiable,  Bee said of Butt s remarks about rape.  So we should go with the likeliest assumption that girls are lying whores that just like the prestige of claiming to be raped by their fathers? It s called Occam s Razor, libtards! And then she moved on to Butt s racism, suggesting that NAAWP could also stand for National Association for the Advancement of Walrus Penises and that we should all spread the word that Sheila Butt loves walrus penises. I mean, she does seem to think about sex a lot,  Bee noted before masterfully seguing to Butt s views on homosexuality.  In her Christian dating guide Everyday Princess, Daughter of The King, Butt comes down on a 3-year-old who married her two female Barbies, telling her,  Girls don t marry girls. God made girls to marry boys!  Look, Sheila, if you don t believe in homosexuality, you should never have supported a toy line that includes Ken. That guy is young, dumb and hungry for c*m. And then Bee finished the Tennessee Republican off by literally making her the butt of a seriously funny piece of advice for women. So, girls, next time you re tempted to have dirty sinful sex, resist the urge. Instead, do all the stuff Sheila Butt suggests, or as she may call it,  Butt Stuff.  This Tennessee state representative wants you to do lots and lots of Butt stuff. Do Butt stuff until it hurts! Here s the video via YouTube.Simply put, Sheila Butt is going to be the butt of many more jokes from now on thanks to Samantha Bee. Featured image via screenshot",0
6821, Republican Fox Strategist Files A $4 Million Lawsuit Against Donald Trump,"Republican strategist Cheri Jacobus, who has appeared as a pundit on Fox News, filed a $4m defamation lawsuit on Monday in New York City against Donald Trump and his campaign (shocker). The suit alleges that the frontrunner and his campaign manager, woman batterer Corey Lewandowski, engaged in defamation aimed  with the purpose of making her an object lesson, to those who might question Trump and his fitness for office, to incite a virtual mob against her, to destroy her reputation, and to bully her. The bullying tactics occurred after Jacobus criticized the frontrunner on TV and Twitter. Jacobus approached the Trump campaign with the hopes of obtaining a job as communications director, but decided against it after finding Lewandowski  unprofessional  and a  powder keg,  meaning a dangerous or volatile person or situation.Well, Trump didn t like that. After she made her criticism public, Trump sent off the first hate-tweet, calling Jacobus  a real dummy.  When Jacobus attempted to reign in the drama with a cease-and-desist letter, the frontrunner took to Twitter yet again, referring to her as a  Major loser,  with zero credibility. Lewandowski then went on MSNBC to discredit Jacobus, saying: This is the same person, I ll just tell ya, who came to the office on multiple occasions trying to get a job from the Trump campaign, and when she wasn t hired clearly she went off and was upset by that. After that, Jacobus starting getting threatening, harassing hate mail from Trump supporters, and Fox News stonewalled the strategist. Jacobus also shows that Trump, who is friends with Roger Ailes, helped convince the network to drop her from appearing on their cable news programs. According to Jacobus, Lewandowski showed her the email where Ailes promised to be on Trump s side, not hers.So, Donald Trump resorted to bullying and intimidation to silence a female strategist who didn t agree with him? I m shocked I tell you, shocked! And of course the Trump campaign brushed off the lawsuit as  just another frivolous lawsuit and an attempt to gain notoriety at the expense of Donald Trump. Much like everything else, the Trump campaign just brushes everything off, and his band of backwards thinking supporters will eat it up. Featured image via Flickr",0
6822, Twitter Users ANNIHILATE Donald Trump For Confusing 9/11 With A Convenience Store (VIDEO),"Twitter users have been annihilating Donald Trump after the Presidential candidate made a massive gaffe when speaking about 9/11 during a New York rally. The GOP frontrunner failed to remember the date, calling it 7-Eleven instead.Mt Trump made his awkward mistake during his speech in Buffalo, New York   where he is campaigning for the New York primaries. While attempting to work up the audience by invoking the spirit of the emergency services workers, living and dead, who fought to save lives during the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001   Mr Trump said: I was down there, and I watch our police and our firemen down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down and I saw the greatest people I have ever seen in action. The audience are clearly somewhat confused. The misspeak makes it sounds as if Donald Trump was down at his local 7-Eleven store, and all hell kicked off   not that he witnessed one of the worst attacks on U.S. soil in history.https://www.facebook.com/ABC7/videos/10153504430897452/ Here are some of the finest tweets in response to the Trump gaffe:Donald Trump has spoken movingly about 7-Eleven. It reminded him, he said, of the way Americans came together in 1941 after Pearl Necklace.  Damien Owens (@OwensDamien) April 19, 2016BREAKING: Trump refers to 9/11 as 7/11, fans cheer, say they're ""fed up with the establishment telling us what dates things happened on""  Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) April 19, 2016Trump talked down 9/11 to 7/11. He knows how to make a deal!  Chris Regan (@ChrisRRegan) April 19, 2016@AP @robdelaney This is no laughing matter. I lost my dad in 7/11; he said he was running in to get a pack of smokes and I never saw him aga  wade snook (@w_snook) April 19, 2016@itvnews @vine jet fuel can't melt slurpies  Pete Hutcheon (@daddymojorisin) April 19, 2016The best bit was, this wasn t even the first mistake of the night. This rally was a real low point for the candidate   at a time when his campaign desperately needs to regain momentum.Earlier in the  same speech, Trump thanked Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan for his introductory speech   which was itself a disaster. During the thanks, Trump attributed  championship  wins to the former Jets coach which never actually happened.From overselling the  winning  capability of himself and his allies, and repeatedly invoking the painful memory of the September 11 attacks  Trump is aiming to seize the New York primary from his rivals. More than 11,000 people attended the Buffalo hockey arena to hear Trump speak   which sounds impressive until you realize Bernie Sanders attracted three times this many people to his rally in Brooklyn s Prospect Park on Sunday.There is the unmistakable whiff of decay around the Trump camp right now, as his six never-changing soundbites grow stale, and he has nothing else to offer.Featured image via screengrab",0
6823, Buffalo Bills Coach Gives Donald Trump The Weirdest Rally Introduction Ever (VIDEO),"Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan has one job, to introduce Donald Trump at his rally in Buffalo, New York. But Ryan s rambling, creepy intro left the audience not knowing whether to laugh or cry.I fairness, Ryan did attempt to set dial expectations down to zero with the opening sentence of his speech, in which he warns: Obviously, we all know I m not a politician, I m not a public speaker. I m just a football coach. The crowd yells, screams and applauds in typical Trump-style frenzy    He s just like us! Yeah! But then Ryan moves into the words longest, most meandering personal anecdote   all to deliver a joke which raised little more than a trickle of laughter from the crowd. He went all the way back to the  80s, describing different players and a particular play. Ryan takes literally minutes to explain that his then team (the Generals) supplied the ball to a fullback instead of star running back, Herschel Walker, at the goal line.Trump owned the Generals at the time and called Ryan with a warning. The conversation went like this,  Ryan said, working up to his pay-off  The next time you give the ball to Maurice Carthon instead of Herschel Walker, you re fired!  That is a true story. Because no one s tired of The Apprentice jokes yet, right?The grand conclusion to Ryan s speech was meant to be his reasons for endorsing Donald Trump. So hold onto your hats, here it is. He ll say what s on his mind,  he said.  You ll see people that want to say the same thing, but the big difference is they don t have the courage to say it. Donald Trump certainly has the courage to say it, That feels more like the entry-level requirement to apply for any job in the world   the ability to speak. How will he attempt to sell Trump next? With the fact that he s potty-trained?Whelk the Trump rally was boring 11,000 folks to tears in Buffalo, Bernie Sanders was holding a 30,000-strong, energizing rally in Prospect Park over in Brooklyn. It was Hollywood actor Danny DeVito which delivered the introduction for Sanders, and it was somewhat different.  I doesn t take a genius to see where the momentum is heading as the race for President heats up.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6824," Kasich LOSES IT After Reporter Asks About His Only Win, And It’s Kinda Hilarious (VIDEO)","No one wants to admit that they re losing, especially if you ve been fighting really hard to gain votes, but Ohio Gov. John Kasich really doesn t seem to want to admit he is losing. After all, he s only won one state so far in the Republican presidential primary, and that one state is the state where he is governor.So, when Demetri Sevastopulo of the Financial Times directly asked Kasich about his potential path to victory, and reminded the Ohio governor that he s only won a single state, Kasich got rather angry and even snatch the voice recorder from the reporters hand.Sevastopulo asked: Governor, if you get to the convention in Cleveland and you have only won Ohio do you think you re qualified to be the nominee? Kasich bites back: They ll be no  if    there s not  if  in there. They ll be when, and listen, at the end of the day the Republican Party wants to pick somebody who actually can win in the fall Sevastopulo cuts in and reiterates: But if you ve only won Ohio Then Kasich turns to him and says: Can I finish? With Sevastopulo saying: If you answer the question. Kasich clearly losing his patience replies: I m answering the question the way I want to answer it. You want to answer it? It was at that moment that Kasich tears the voice recorder out of Sevastopulo s hand, points it at the reporter and asks,  What do you think?  With Sevastopulo perfectly replying,  I think you should answer the question. It seems fairly obvious Kasich doesn t want people to tell him that he s probably not going to be the nominee, despite his best efforts to stay in the race until the end. His best hope is a split convention where he can garner up the necessary delegate votes, but even then, with only one victory, it s not looking very likely people will choose him over other candidates.The truth hurts, and Kasich doesn t handle it very well.Watch the interaction here:In bizarre moment @JohnKasich snatches my recorder as annoyed at question about only winning Ohio @benmarinojourno pic.twitter.com/hSingCvpF4  Demetri Sevastopulo (@DimiSevastopulo) April 19, 2016Featured Photo by Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
6825, Ted Cruz Refuses To Meet With TX Muslims Because He’s A Complete Jerk (AUDIO),"Ted Cruz just keeps proving that he does not legitimately want to be president at every chance he gets. The latest dumbassery from his campaign came when his  national security advisor  Frank Gaffney, started lobbying members of Congress to refuse to meet with the people participating in the National Muslim Advocates Day.NMAD is an event where Muslim-Americans across the nation go to Washington, D.C. to meet with their representatives in order to voice opinions on public policy, and to also make attempts at outreach from the Muslim-American community to help bridge some of the cultural gaps that have developed in America.Seems pretty reasonable, right? We keep hearing how Muslims don t  do enough  to combat the threat of Islamic extremism in the United States from literally every Republican. However, when Republicans get their chance to meet with Muslims and do something productive, they turn coward, run and hide.And people say  they hate us for our freedom.  Yeah right The U.S. Council of Muslim Organizations released the following statement, regarding Cruz s outright cowardice of both him and his campaign staff in meeting with them:This evening, representatives of the US Council of Muslim Organizations (USCMO), a coalition of leading national and local American Muslim groups, will hold a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., to condemn the refusal of GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) and his congressional staff to meet with Muslim constituents during today s second National Muslim Advocacy Day on Capitol Hill.Some 330 Muslim delegates from 28 states are meeting with a third of the House of Representatives and almost half of the Senate.Earlier today, 14 Texas Muslim delegates to the National Muslim Advocacy Day on Capitol Hill tried to meet with either Sen. Cruz or a member of his congressional staff, but were told no one would meet with them. The delegates had tried to arrange a meeting for several weeks prior to today s event.Source: Right Wing WatchSo, if Ted and his entire campaign parade of idiots are too frightened to actually meet with some regular Americans who happen to be Muslim, how will they EVER find the courage to fight ISIS? It s a question that needs an answer.Ted Cruz can t stop reminding us how he loves religious freedom and the Constitution. However, he condemns people for their choice of religion and denies them their right to petition their government, which just happens to be in the Constitution. It really makes you wonder if Ted even understands that he s running for president and not on a reality show.When Trump wins the nomination, and Republicans act surprised, they can look at their golden boy Cruz and remember they have nobody to blame but themselves for losing 2016.Listen to the Cruz campaign explain why America would be insane to vote for him below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/258517130  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /] Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty",0
6826, WATCH: What Trump Just Said About 9/11 Proves Republicans Still Don’t Get It,"Sprinting towards a likely win in New York s Republican primary, Donald Trump made the kind of flub about the September 11th terrorist attacks that would cause heartache for most other campaigns but is sort of what we ve now come to expect from the reality TV star turned presidential frontrunner.Appearing at a campaign event in Buffalo, NY, Trump referred to the 9/11 attacks as  7/11. Donald Trump, who has made his advocacy for New York City after the 9/11 attacks central to his candidacy, accidentally referred to it on Monday as 7/11   the ubiquitous convenience store. I wrote this out, and it s very close to my heart,  he said at the outset of his remarks on Buffalo on Monday evening.  Because I was down there and I watched our police and our firemen down at 7/11, down at the World Trade Center right after it came down. And I saw the greatest people I ve ever seen in action. This weird flub of course comes from the candidate who has claimed that he has a photographic memory and bragged a few months ago that he had  the best  words:I m telling you, I used to use the word incompetent. Now I just call them stupid. I went to an Ivy League school. I m very highly educated. I know words, I have the best words but there is no better word than stupid. Right?But Trump s respect for what happened on 9/11 has always been about an inch thick, despite his long time association with New York City.A conservative anti-Trump PAC aired an ad showing that Trump exploited a loophole in the law to access $150,000 in funds targeted towards small businesses who had suffered due to the attacks, even though   as he has gone on about at length   Trump has hundreds of millions of dollars at his disposal, along with businesses (well the ones who haven t gone bankrupt) generating considerable income.Featured image via YouTube",0
6827, Donald ‘War Criminal’ Rumsfeld Takes A Moment To Remind Us He’s Close To Death (TWEET),"There are some people in life that, if they are wise, will just keep their mouths shut and their voices out of public reach. Donald Rumsfeld is one of those people. Yet, he can t seem to keep his mouth shut on Twitter and likes to continue to remind us of what a horrific human being he is, and should likely really belong in prison.On Monday, Rumsfeld decided to tweet out in regards to tax day:At 83, I am close to losing hope that I will live to see a flat tax.  Donald Rumsfeld (@RumsfeldOffice) April 18, 2016Aww, how terrible for him that a regressive method of taxation will never come to fruition during his lifetime. He apparently isn t done screwing over the American people, and would prefer the wealthy to pay less and the poor to pay more. What a peach.We already knew this guy is a douchebag, though. He s one of the evil assholes who lied to get us into a war with Iraq. A war that has subsequently killed thousands of American soldiers, wounded thousands more, killed hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians, and gave rise to ISIS (but really, who s keeping track). He knew we didn t have enough intelligence to back claims that there were Weapons of Mass Destruction. Yet, he as the Secretary of Defense under former President George W. Bush, continued to lead the drumbeat towards war.So Rumsfeld, we as pissed off American citizens think your tweet should have probably read  At 83, I am close to losing hope that I will be tried as the war criminal that I am.  And if you go to Twitter and read the replies to his tweet, it seems many, many people agree with that sentiment. Probably not wise for a man who s actions lead to so many deaths to tweet he s close to death himself. Likely not gonna be received too well.He truly is a person who should keep his mouth shut, because if he had kept it shut in the first place, so much worldwide would be different to this day.Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6828, Sarah Palin Trashes Fox ‘News’ For Not Seeking Facts Before Reporting,"Fox News is now part of the  lamestream  media as far as Sarah Palin is concerned, and that s not the only shot she fired at the conservative network.On Saturday, Palin responded to reports that she had dropped out of an appearance at the Wyoming Primary in support of Trump, who went on to lose all of the delegates in the state. No, despite reports, I didn t  drop out  of anything in Wyoming s GOP Primary today,  Palin wrote on her Facebook page.  I wasn t scheduled to be there, which can be verified by the Trump Campaign and our email exchanges from EIGHT DAYS AGO where it was agreed a trip to Wyoming wouldn t fit in with my prior obligations to work in DC and Nevada this weekend. Not satisfied with just accusing the media of issuing false reports, she threw an absolute temper tantrum to the point where she actually stated that she wants to put the media over her knee and spank them.But the most interesting part of Palin s rant came in the third paragraph when she threw Fox News under the bus and confirmed what we all already knew: that Fox News does not seek out the facts before reporting stories.Too bad reporters don t bother to seek facts before spewing their bull. (Here s to you even, Fox News.) I ve never had a PR team to correct the record for me, so within reason I try to keep up with constant misreporting  but it s impossible to do when I  have a life  and don t waste precious time perusing press clippings.Here s the full post via Facebook:As you ll recall, Sarah Palin was once employed by Fox News before they gave her the ax, only for her to return and then leave the position herself. Fox News and Sarah Palin have clearly not always been on good terms but it definitely looks like the GOP civil war now includes a newly sparked battle between America s village idiot and the propaganda arm of the Republican Party. Now we just need to grab our popcorn and wait for Fox News to respond.Featured Image: Flickr",0
6829," Despite Whining, Trump’s Kids Actually Can Vote For Him In NY Primary (If They Weren’t Lazy)","Donald Trump s kids may support him in spirit (and terrible tweets), but they won t be going out to vote for him in the New York primary. Ivanka and Eric Trump both failed to register as Republicans in time to do so. According to Trump, this is because New York s primary registration rules were unfair. After all, the cutoff was in October, and at that point people   including, apparently, his own kids   still sort of expected Trump to have dropped out by now.On CNN, Ivanka claimed New York s voting regulations are  onerous. New York has one of the most onerous rules in terms of registration, and it required us to register a long time ago, almost   close to a year ago. And we didn t do that. We found out about it sort of after the fact. to which the millions of disenfranchised Democratic voters who have watched  Voter ID  laws sweep the country responded by playing the world s smallest violin.Trump himself told his supporters that Ivanka and Eric feel very, very guilty.  Adding:  They feel very guilty. But it s fine. I understand that. Except here s the thing: The Trump kids could probably vote for their dad if they really wanted to. It would just require a little work.In a highly informative piece on Gothamist, writer Nathan Tempey explained how someone who missed the primary registration deadline could still vote in the election. It s certainly not ideal, but it s not exactly rocket science, either.One is to try to get a court order stating you should be allowed to vote in a certain party s primary. As difficult as this sounds, the city Board of Elections actually stations judges at offices in each of the boroughs on Primary Day to do exactly this. For reasons unknown, this information doesn t appear on the board s website, but a spokeswoman provided a list of locations and hours judges will be at them Something tells me explaining to a judge  My dad s on the ballot  will be a good enough reason to get your vote counted. However, it s highly unlikely Trump s kids will reduce themselves to standing in a busy borough office waiting to have a judge hear their case, fill out the appropriate paperwork, then travel to a voting site. Why do that when they can simply complain about it on Fox News?Featured image via Grant Lamos IV/Getty Images",0
6830, WATCH: Fox News A-Hole Spends Tax Day Shaming The Poor For Being Poor (VIDEO),"Fox News  raging pile of upper one percent garbage, Eric Bolling, decided to use his time on cable news shaming the working poor of America for having the nerve to still be poor over the course of this past tax season.Bolling raged incoherently about how unfair it is that poor people are helped by the government, they don t pay ENOUGH in taxes (yes a Republican is whining that people aren t paying enough taxes   but only the poor people of course), and how the rich jackasses like him have to shoulder the burden.He makes a good point, Right? A guy paid millions of dollars a year to sit in a chair for 1 hour a day and be an ass on national tv really has it ROUGH when he has to pay a portion of that in taxes to prevent the bottom 50 percent of the population from starving. I mean, after he pays his terrible 30 percent he only has millions of dollars left to live on. How can he survive this?Bolling went on to cite some statistics that he must have written down while drunk one night because they re so utterly stupid that it defies explanation how a  political expert  like him would think they sounded remotely accurate. He even went on to complain about the  death tax  which only affects people who literally have millions of dollars being HANDED to them as an inheritance.Only the wealthiest estates pay the tax because it is levied only on the portion of an estate s value that exceeds a specified exemption level   $5.43 million per person (effectively $10.86 million per married couple) in 2015.Source: CBPPThe top rate for it is 18 percent. If you are going to whine about having to pay 20% of a 5 MILLION dollar inheritance (literally free money), you re simply a greedy, terrible person who doesn t appreciate anything.The cherry on the sundae really was when Eric threw a second hissyfit over the fact that President Obama paid less in taxes than he did. He ignored the fact that President Obama doesn t make millions per year as president, unlike Bolling who makes a fortune warming a seat for 1 hour a day.Watch Fox News blame poor people for hurting the rich below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6831," Calm Down, Politifact Confirms Majority Of Money Clooney Raised Isn’t Going To Hillary Clinton","Recently, liberal firebrands like George Clooney and his wife, Amal Alamuddin, have come under heavy fire from the left for their $353,000 per couple fundraising dinner to benefit the candidacy of Hillary Clinton for president.Some people were so incensed they literally threw dollar bills at Clinton.But here s the kicker: the majority of the money raised at the Clooney-Clinton dinners aren t going to Clinton   they re going to down ticket candidates to take back the House and the Senate.While appearing on Meet the Press, Clooney, who brushed off the notion that he is a  corporate shill  as  one of the funnier things you could say about me  told host Chuck Todd:It s [the money] going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress. And the reason that s important (is)   we need to take the Senate back because we need to confirm the Supreme Court justice, because that fifth vote on the Supreme Court can overturn Citizens United and get this obscene, ridiculous amount of money out so I never have to do a fundraiser again. And that s why I m doing it.Politifact rated that as  Mostly True.  Here s how it goes:So only $2,700 out of $353,000 will go directly to Clinton. That s approximately 0.0076 percent   less than one percent.While leftists threw dollar bills at Clinton, Democrats across the country were getting the support they so need to take back two chambers (possibly three with the Supreme Court) thanks to George Clooney.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6832, McDonald’s Future Is Scary: Bottomless Fries And Automated Cashiers,"McDonald s in recent years has become an icon of gluttony and corporate greed, from the fight for NYC McDonald s workers to receive a $15 minimum wage, to the obesity epidemic, which still remains rampant throughout the country. Morgan Spurlock s 2004 documentary, Supersize Me, exposed to the public just how awful McDonald s food is for the human body, and how McDonald s manipulates consumers into thinking otherwise. Over the course of my McDiet, I consumed 30 pounds of sugar from their food. That s a pound a day. On top of that, I also took in 12 pounds of fat,  said Mr. Spurlock in the documentary.  Now, I know what you re saying. You re saying nobody s supposed to eat this food three times a day. No wonder all this stuff happened to you. But the scary part is: there are people who eat this food regularly. Some people even eat it every day. So, while my experiment may have been a little extreme, it s not that crazy. But here is a crazy idea: Why not do away with your Super Size options? Who needs 42 ounces of Coke? A half pound of fries? And why not give me a choice besides french fries or french fries? That would be a great start. But why should these companies want to change? Their loyalty isn t to you, it s to the stockholders. The bottom line: They re a business, no matter what they say. And by selling you unhealthy food, they make millions. And no company wants to stop doing that. If this ever-growing paradigm is going to shift, it s up to you. But if you decide to keep living this way, go ahead. Over time, you may find yourself getting as sick as I did. After the documentary was released, McDonald s removed their  supersize  option, but continued to develop very unhealthy menu items. Rather than adapt to the progressive reforms and changing cultural landscape in America, McDonald s has the audacity to fight back. In July, the company is opening up a new restaurant in Missouri with Automated Kiosk Cashiers to phase out several workers from employment. The restaurant, often an only resort for low income Americans for food, is also offering bottomless French fries.The company is spending $1.59 million on the new restaurant to resemble fine dining. Today s customers seek a comfortable and inviting atmosphere,  the owner of the franchise restaurant, Chris Habiger, told the St Joseph News-Press.  So we re committed to providing a modern look and feel to this restaurant.  Mr. Habiger owns six other McDonald s franchise restaurants, which requires non-borrowed resources of $500,000 to even be considered by McDonald s to own a single franchise.While McDonald s workers across the United States have been fighting to earn a livable wage, in 2015 McDonald s CEO more than tripled his salary from $1.69 million in 2014 to $7.91 million in 2015; a 368 percent raise.Featured image via Flickr",0
6833," Trump Supporter Holds Armed Anti-Muslim Rally, But Nobody Shows Up (IMAGES/VIDEO)","Donald Trump s bigoted anti-Muslim rhetoric has inspired his equally hateful followers to hold all sorts of bigotry-inspired events to show just how much they hate everyone who isn t a die hard right-wing Christian. Case in point- one Jim Stachowiak who held an armed, open carry event to protest Muslims at the Georgia Capitol, which he dubbed United against Islam and Islamic immigration refugee. He encouraged attendees to come bearing as many arms as they like, and their intended activities included ripping up photos of President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and the Prophet Mohammed. If that isn t offensive enough for you, Stachowiak also intended to rip up a Qu ran.This bigot s so-called rally was an epic fail, though. Guess how many people besides the rally s organizers showed up? ONE. Yep, you read that right. Only one person showed up to the hate rally, when originally there was going to be a supposed 200 people in attendance. The people at the Capitol took what Stachowiak was doing seriously, and rightly so, since Stachowiak is a known right-wing gun nut. According to The Daily Beast:The right-wing agitator has been calling on the government to  STOP MUSLIM IMMIGRATION  for years, loves brandishing his large firearms, and wants you to know that  JESUS CHRIST WAS NOT A PACIFIST. He also enjoys referring to himself as a well-armed, proud  crusader  and  infidel  against the forces of  Islam, and any other Satanic Death Cult that would destroy our Liberty. Capitol Police Chief Lewis G. Young warned people who would have the misfortune of having to work near this insane demonstration that rally participants would liked have a bunch of guns. His warning also said: DPS is currently monitoring the threat risk and, together with GBA, is taking precautions to make Capitol Hill a safe environment. However, it was all for naught, because there was, according the social media evidence, one lone idiot out there at the Capitol protesting Muslims by himself. Here are a couple of tweets documenting that:Anti-Muslim protest setting up. pic.twitter.com/fpgbrBQWOt  Aaron Gould Sheinin (@asheinin) April 18, 2016From today's rally: ""We're not Against Muslims"" says the man who destroyed a Qur'an just minutes earlier. #gapol pic.twitter.com/01wiw6pRwy  Robbie Medwed (@rjmedwed) April 18, 2016So, in other words, this fool was out there in the hot Georgia sun all by himself, letting everyone in attendance   him and a bunch of reporters   see just how hateful and batshit insane he really is. The only silver lining to this disgusting display of hate is that this moron couldn t find anyone to marinate in his hate with him.Featured image via video screen capture from Twitter",0
6834," Conservatives Can’t Believe Canadian PM Would Understand Science, Accuse Him Of Faking It","Canada s new liberal Prime Minister went viral after he deftly answered a question on the importance of quantum computing to a room full of reporters. For many, the ease with which he broke down the science was a testament to his intellect, his curiosity, and his interests in promoting science and technology. Unfortunately, for conservatives, any display of scientific literacy is immediately viewed as either elitism or fraud.Conservative writer J.J. McCullough went with the latter.In a piece on his blog breathlessly titled  The North Koreanification of Canadian political reporting,  he floated the idea that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s answer was a con job meant to make him look smart. Moreover, he accused the media of helping the prime minister stage  the quantum computing incident like propagandists out of North Korea.In the reporting that followed, the Canadian media deliberately and pointedly did not place Trudeau s verbal essay on quantum computing in the context in which it occurred. They instead chose to present the story in a fashion that would ensure maximum PR benefit to the prime minister   namely, this idea that Trudeau confidently called the bluff of a patronizing reporter.To put it another way, the Canadian media has actually reversed the realities of the story 180 degrees. What is being falsely presented as a story of a scrappy prime minister resisting a hostile press is actually a story of a slavishly subservient press who are actively shaping their reporting to suit the government s needs.This would all be completely eyeroll inducing if not for the fact that professional media contrarian sites like Gawker   usually so good at holding the spewers of nonsense accountable   instead quickly grabbed the narrative and ran with it. In writer J.K. Trotter s own breathlessly titled piece ( Justin Trudeau s Quantum Computing Explanation Was Likely Staged for Publicity ), he concurs that Trudeau s display of rudimentary understanding of quantum computing is impossible to explain if it weren t a vast media conspiracy.Somehow, we ve gotten to place where an interest in science and technology and a willingness to unabashedly share a love for it are considered negative character traits. We ve crossed an intellectual Rubicon and on the other shore aggressively ignorant anti-intellectuals like Ted Cruz are waiting for us with open arms. It s true that under a President Cruz, we would certainly never have to worry about having him explain quantum computing (or evolution, or climate change, or renewable energy), but is that supposed to be a good thing?It s worth noting that Trudeau s office vehemently denies the fact that the prime minister set up anything. The reporter who posed the original question to Trudeau also contacted Gawker to essentially tell them to screw off. If this is a conspiracy, it s an incredibly subtle one.But let s apply Occam s razor for a moment. Instead of a  North Koreanification  of the press, perhaps Trudeau s excitement in learning something new about a cutting-edge field of technology allowed him to understand and explain the science behind it. Perhaps he approached the researchers with legitimate questions and listened to their answers with legitimate interests. Perhaps what we saw during that interview was exactly what it looked like. Perhaps that s the kind of progressive values that led millions of Canadian citizens to vote for Justin Trudeau instead of his conservative counterpart in the first place.And perhaps we should applaud his effort, rather than demonize him just because other politicians have led us to believe science is scary and dangerous.Watch Trudeau explain quantum computing and confuse conservatives below:Featured image via YouTube screengrab",0
6835, Superdelegate Tammy Baldwin: ‘I’m Still A Human’ (VIDEO),"The race is heating up as New York heads into their primary this coming Tuesday. Currently, polls have Hillary Clinton ahead by ten to seventeen points. Clinton, who is ahead nationally by more than 200 pledged delegates and hundreds more superdelegates, will need to win her home state to continue momentum after Sanders  string of wins in the previous weeks.A New York win for Clinton will mean more delegates she desperately needs, and with that will come superdelegate support.But the superdelegates have continued to cause controversy within the Democratic primary. Supporters who back Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders have decried the system, feeling the individuals who make up the superdelegate system have been manifestly unfair as to how they allocate their support.Supporters within the Sanders camp have demanded that the superdelegates vote the same way as the pledged   at the will of the voters for that state.But that isn t how the superdelegate system is set up (another word for superdelegates is unpledged delegates).However, that hasn t stopped the demands. And it hasn t stopped the harsh criticism, either. While these delegates have been regarded as  shills,   bought-and-paid-for  and  establishment, one superdelegate wants to remind the nay-sayers of one thing: they are still human.Senator Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, Congress  first openly-lesbian senator, is also a superdelegate. And she s pretty fed up with the inquisitions. On MSNBC s Morning Joe, the progressive senator claimed if Sanders clinches the popular vote by the time the convention is held in July, she will cast her vote for him. However, as Clinton continues her popular vote lead, she s supporting the former Secretary of State. She added, nervously: I am a human being and a Superdelegate. To put it plainly, based on how the rules are set up, Baldwin is free to vote her conscience, and her conscience says Hillary Clinton for now. Those who back Senator Sanders point to the fact he beat Clinton by 13 points in Wisconsin, thus Baldwin is somehow obligated to back him.It is important to remember that these superdelegates are party leaders who, in their own right, have been elected within the Democratic Party   whether it be a position within the DNC, or a senatorial, gubernatorial or representative position. It s also important to remember these delegates have nothing but the best of intentions for their party and the future of the country.Baldwin hasn t reported any harassment, but other superdelegates have (one s 12 year old child received the brunt of hrrasment when they answered the phone).Here s Baldwin s appearance on MSNBC:  Featured image via Astrid Riecken/Getty Images",0
6836, Baseball Players Who Called Obama ‘F*cking Watermelon Eatin Baboon’ Won’t Be Punished (IMAGES/VIDEO),"A group of Saint Louis University baseball players won t be punished after an insanely racist conversation they had amongst themselves became public. While it might seem that a group of students in a position to represent the school might face some form of discipline if they were to, say. call the President a  baboon,  reference multiple awful stereotypes about black people, and complain that a  colored  is running the country. Unfortunately, the school is continuing a proud American tradition almost as ancient as the sentiments these students were busted expressing: protecting sports teams from facing the music for their actions.Last May, the team traveled to Washington, D.C., where the conversation in a pitchers-only GroupMe chat swiftly went from  where do we eat  to  Donald Trump s Inner Thoughts. One player suggested the  KFC in the White House    you know, because all black people eat fried chicken (har har). Another helpfully added that  They got rivers of the grape kind there,  another reference to a popular African-American stereotype among stupid people. I heard they got a colored running the country,  someone else said.  This Tru?  Another player replied,  Unfortunately.. It is.  The asker responded,  F*cking watermelon eating baboon. and Luke Sommerfeld needed a MacBook charger.via DeadspinIt s unclear if Luke ever found his charger, but one thing is for certain   the pitchers on the Saint Louis University baseball team are a bunch of racist f*cks.One of the players texted a screenshot of the message to his roommate, former team manager Brendan Twomey, who held on to it for almost a year until his girlfriend saw it on her phone. Together, the two filed a complaint to the university. Deadspin gives a brief rundown of the events that transpired: The report was filed on April 4On April 5, Twomey and his girlfriend spoke to a university investigator.On April 11, after not having heard anything about the status of the investigation, Twomey and his girlfriend sent the image to the Black Student Alliance, who posted it to their Facebook page. Dr. Mona Hicks, SLU s Dean of Students, said there had been a miscommunication and a meeting to discuss the case was supposed to be held the next day.But, according to SLU s bias-related incident report log, the investigation had been closed on April 7 and labeled not applicable for discipline. When I received that screenshot, obviously I knew it was wrong, but I was in a tough situation because I didn t want to necessarily hurt anybody,  Twomey said as he explained his reasoning for holding onto the screenshot for so long. You become close [to the players] because you do spend so much time with them, so you overlook [that]. At the same time, I felt extremely disrespected. I knew there should be some sort of punishment, but I didn t know how to go about that,  he added.Asked about her decision to fail to punish her racist baseball players, Hicks was full of excuses. If I were to directly state to you,  You suck because of all of your social identities that God gave you.  That would be wrong. That would require some adjudication,  Hicks said in defense of giving her school s pitching rotation a pass on the horrible things they said.  We also need to respect laws. This was a private conversation, or at least the perception of private between in-group parties. Hicks did not explain what privacy laws were broken, though the answer to that is  none.  One of the players sent the screenshot to someone who showed it to someone else. No one hacked anyone, no one took someone s phone without permission. All of the information was given willingly. But, hey   she was trying to protect these students  right to privacy rather than avoiding a disruption of the season that might lead to the team failing to make it to the playoffs two years in a row (ultimately, they did not), right?Instead, the players  chose  to participate in a  facilitated dialogue  about what they did and the team s four captains wrote a letter to the school newspaper apologizing for that racist thing their teammates did: The leaders and captains of the team would like to extend an apology to anyone offended by the bias messages. We, too, are frustrated and feel that the comments do not accurately reflect the values that we hold. So far, the only person to face any real punishment is Twomey, who has been harassed since he blew the whistle on the players  racist conduct. The Riverfront Times reports:Two days later, Twomey says he awoke to discover his roommate had sloshed chewing tobacco spit on the floor outside his bedroom door, as well as the kitchen sink. Fingernail clippings had been prominently placed on the towel Twomey uses to clean his glasses.(In a Wednesday Facebook post from Pulphus, Twomey s roommate was identified as SLU pitcher Brett Shimanovsky   in fact, Shimanovsky appears to be the very same player/roommate who earlier provided Twomey with a screenshot of the racist chat thread. Twomey himself declined to answer questions about his roommate s identity, but says the roommate has since voluntarily moved out. Shimanovsky did not respond to a message seeking comment.) I consider this retaliation for filing a bias incident report,  Twomey says in a video documenting Shimanovsky s actions:Twomey says he is disappointed that the university has not in any way punished the players, whom he says should have been forced to miss a conference tournament (but that clearly was not an option in the eyes of the school, of course). He calls the captains   letter an  insult,  though he notes that the team s coach, Darin Hendrickson, did take the time to discuss the issue with him. He said he was aware there was a culture problem on the baseball team, a culture problem of entitlement, privilege and immaturity. He also said it was one of his biggest regrets that he hadn t recruited more diverse players,  Twomey recalled. He adds that there are  racial issues  that need to be confronted.It started a dialogue and frankly it needs to be continued,  the student says.  Hopefully, this issue will light a fire under the university and get them to really dedicate themselves to the SLU mission of diversity and inclusion. Featured image via screengrab",0
6837, Criminalizing Childhood: Tennessee Cops Arrest 6-Year-Olds For Not Breaking Up A Fight,"When I was a kid, I watched a number of fights on the playground, in the school cafeteria and just on my block. This was true when I was in elementary school and it continued to be true all the way to when I was in high school. If you would have told me that I could be arrested for not breaking up the fight, I would have looked at you like you were certifiably insane.But that was before America decided that criminalizing childhood was a good idea:MURFREESBORO  More than 150 people called for action Sunday after parents said at least five students, ages 6 to 10, were handcuffed at Hobgood Elementary School on Friday.The students were arrested, accused of not stopping a fight that happened earlier off-campus and later released from the juvenile center on FridayThese were not kids that participated in the fight, they just watched it happen and were arrested for it. Think about that for a moment: a 6-year-old child was HANDCUFFED for not breaking up a fight. What did the police think this kid was going to do? Attack them? What kind of thought process leads a grown man to handcuff an elementary school student? Even worse, what kind of society ALLOWS a grown man to handcuff an elementary school student and not immediately fire them as a danger to the public?But back to the flawed premise behind the arrest. I happen to have a 6-year-old of my own and she has a fairly forceful personality, but the idea of her leaping into a fight to break it up is ludicrous. She s 6! And even if she d been 10, when did it become a legal obligation for kids to break up a fight they re not involved in? Don t the police have anything better to do with their time than turn little children into criminals?The icing on the cake was arresting them at the school in front of their classmates. Because leading a 6-year-old out of school in handcuffs can t possibly leave any long-term mental scars, right? Again, we as a society allow this to happen.This is the direct result of a fundamentally broken law enforcement culture. They no longer see communities as made up of people, they only see potential criminals. It seems that the thinking is, if you get them into the system when they re young, you ll have an easier time throwing them in jail later. Never mind that most of the cops involved almost certainly watched a fist fight as a kid, or got into one themselves, it s criminal behavior these days.Oh, and you ll be absolutely shocked to know that the community this occurred in is .you guessed it: Mostly African-American. Because when little Timmy watches a fight, it s just boys being boys. But little Leroy? He s a goddamn criminal and needs to be taught a lesson!With this kind of ongoing behavior, the police are hard at work creating an entire generation of (mostly minority) children that fear and loathe them. And then the cops have the gall to rage at the Black Lives Matter movement? Unbelievable.Featured image via Getty",0
6838, Was The Secret To Donald Trump’s Hair Just Found Along The Shores Of Norway? (VIDEO),"There s an age-old question that has been haunting the American people for several decades now   is Donald Trump s hair real? And if it is real, how does it do what is does? And if it isn t real, where does he get it from?Well, folks, we may finally have our answer. It looks as though a Donald Trump  wig farm  has been spotted along the coastline of Troms , Norway. And of course he would outsource his hair to another country   what a hypocrite.Just kidding! The  hair  is actually just a form of bunch grass, but the resemblance to whatever that is on top of Trump s head is remarkably uncanny.There s currently a ridiculously hilarious video making the rounds from VGTV out of Norway that has been asking this hair-raising question. They, of course, explain what it actually is you are seeing, but the video itself it pretty damn gut-busting as they super-impose video and images of Trump defending himself over and over, telling people his hair is, in fact, real. Although, with as much lying as the Republican front-runner has been doing lately, who knows, really?Let s just say this is a nice break in the monotony of the insane that we ve had to endure for the past few months.Enjoy!Watch the silly video explaining it all here:Featured image via video screen capture  Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6839," Ted Cruz Is Forced To Explain His Bigotry To Gay Republican On National Television, It Didn’t Go Well (VIDEO)","A gay man cornered Ted Cruz on Monday and the Republican presidential candidate couldn t handle the simple question posed to him.During a forum on ABC s Good Morning America hosted by Robin Roberts, an openly gay Republican restaurant owner concerned about so-called  religious liberty  laws being passed by states like North Carolina and Mississippi asked Cruz how he would protect LGBT people from discrimination if he were to become president. I ve noticed a lot of religious freedom laws and somewhat institutionalized discrimination laws happening around the country. What would you as president do to protect me and my husband?  Todd Calogne directly asked.And Cruz didn t waste time going into spin-mode.The Texas Senator claimed that the anti-LGBT laws  protects everyone  even though they blatantly allow business owners to discriminate against LGBT customers and employees by shielding their bigotry with the Bible under the guise of religious freedom. Religious liberty, it applies to Jews, it applies to Christians, it applies to Muslims, it applies to atheists,  Cruz said even though he has repeatedly stated his intention to violate the religious liberty of Muslims and atheists. Also, being gay isn t a religion, it s a sexual orientation. And all of us, we want to live in a world where we don t have the government dictating our beliefs, dictating how we live,  Cruz continued.  We have a right to live according to our faith, according to our conscience. And we shouldn t have a right to force others to give up their faith and give up their belief. And I think that keeping government out of the way of your lives protects the freedom of every one of us. Cruz dodged Calogne s question but Robin Roberts didn t let him get away with it. A lot of people would say, doesn t everyone have the freedom to be treated equally?  she asked.  Don t we all have the freedom to be equal? Of course we do,  Cruz flat-out lied to the faces of every American watching. Cruz then declared that  the First Amendment protects everyone equally, it protects our faith  before launching into how he intends to push for a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, which finally gave Calogne the answer he had been waiting for. Under the Constitution, marriage is a question for the states. And so if someone wants to change the marriage laws, I don t think it should be five unelected lawyers down in Washington dictating that. If you want to change the marriage law, convince your fellow citizens to change the laws. In other words, Cruz would NOT protect the rights of gay people as president. He would strip rights from them and treat them like second-class citizens.Here s the video via ABC: ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Religious liberty  laws like those in North Carolina and Mississippi allow anti-gay business owners to openly discriminate against gay people. It s legalized bigotry similar to the kind experienced by black people in the 1960s during segregation. And Republicans are literally hiding behind religion to justify and protect their bigotry.Featured Image: Flickr",0
6840," Bad News, Republicans: Two Scholars Figured Out How To Defeat Your Gerrymandering","Named for Founding Father Elbridge Gerry who signed a law in 1812 as Massachusetts Governor creating distorted voting districts in shapes such as that of a salamander, gerrymandering has been the primary tool of the Republican Party to guarantee and keep power in recent years.Despite getting more votes from the American people, Democrats still wound up with fewer seats in the House of Representatives than Republicans. Republicans even gained dominance over state legislatures in Ohio, Florida, Wisconsin, and several others   all thanks to deviously drawn voting districts that weaken the impact of Democratic voters while giving a total advantage to the GOP.Twelve years ago, the Supreme Court had difficulty deciding whether districts in Pennsylvania had been gerrymandered or not, leading Justice Anthony Kennedy to throw his hands up in frustration that the Court could not grant relief to those who were screwed over by conniving lawmakers. But he did call for seeking a remedy that would nail lawmakers to the wall for gerrymandering. And now Wisconsin Republicans and Republicans across the nation are panicking because a pair of academic scholars have finally found a solution and it all has to do with the nemesis of conservatives everywhere: math.According to ThinkProgress:In a paper published in the University of Chicago Law Review last year, law professor Nicholas Stephanopoulos and political scientist Eric McGhee propose a mathematical formula judges can use to identify suspect maps  an objective test that can be used by judges across the country to sort suspect maps from permissible ones. A hundred different judges can examine the same maps and, provided that they are all skilled at arithmetic, all reach identical conclusions about which maps fall within an acceptable range and which ones should be presumed to be unconstitutional.In other words, Republicans are f*cked if the Supreme Court adopts the formula to make rulings in gerrymandering cases.Wisconsin Republicans have launched legal attacks against the formula, but a three judge panel that includes two Republican-appointed judges have dismissed attempts by GOP lawyers to have the case killed before a full trial proceeds.If the formula is successfully adopted by the judicial branch as the standard of determining if lawmakers unfairly drew gerrymandered districts, it could mark a critical turning point that gives Democrats a chance to compete fairly in red states again, and that could devastate the Republican Party for many elections to conservative lawmakers will have to learn how to campaign competitively instead of relying on cheating to win. Featured image via baystateconservativenews.com ",0
6841, John Kasich Decides To Say EVEN WORSE Things About Rape Victims (VIDEO),"There was once a time that John Kasich seemed like the only sane, somewhat reasonable Republican candidate in the presidential race, but those days are long gone. Kasich is starting to sound more and more like Trump and Cruz as time goes on.It was just a few days ago that Kasich said that if women wanted to avoid being raped, they should just not go to parties where there is alcohol. He of course experienced tons of backlash for that comment, but instead of apologizing and admitting that it was a victim-blaming, insensitive remark, he s doubled down instead.In a Sunday morning interview on CNN s State of the Union, Kasich made an attempt to rectify his controversial comments, and ended up making it much worse. In trying to explain his misogynistic reasoning, Kasich said that having alcohol at a party makes it more difficult for justice to be rendered for a whole variety of reasons. Host Dana Bash tried to give Kasich another chance and pressed him further, but the Ohio governor just simply couldn t grasp why his comments would be so controversial or problematic. Bash was generous and even explained to the presidential hopeful that his comments would discourage women from reporting their assaults if they re told that the presence of alcohol makes their story less valid or believable. But Kasich once again failed to understand and continued to dig himself into a deeper hole. He said: Actually, I don t know how anybody would take it that way. Bash answered,  Because it s taken a while to change the stigma of getting people to come out. Kasich, apparently forgetting that the infamous, tragic Steubenville rape case took place in Ohio, shot back: Dana, I have led the way in the country to fight this and to get justice served in these conditions. I think even if, in fact, there is alcohol involved, you still have   you still can find the perpetrator. I just don t want justice to be denied because something comes up that a prosecutor looks at it and says, well, I can t figure this thing out. And no matter what Bash countered back with, Kasich had an equally offensive answer.Certainly, Kasich s speech would be much more effective in preventing sexual assaults if he told potential rapists to avoid alcohol at parties instead of victims. But, you know, that s just not the GOP s style. You can watch the baffling interview below: Featured image via Getty Images / Andrew Burton",0
6842, Nate Silver Forecasts An Easy Win For Hillary Clinton In New York,"New York is critical for both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders but only one of them seems poised for a big win. The other is predicted to suffer a serious setback in one of the few remaining states with a large delegate count.As of Sunday, the polling shows Donald Trump crushing Ted Cruz and John Kasich with 52 percent of the vote while Hillary Clinton Leads Bernie Sanders with 57.2 percent of the vote. If these numbers hold up, that will give Clinton an additional 39 delegates over Sanders, expanding her lead from 206 to 245.It s important to make note of this in advance because the last several races that Clinton has won have been met with howls of  election fraud.  Aside from the sour grapes aspect, this constant drumbeat of alleged  cheating  is a shallow attempt to delegitimize Clinton as a candidate. Republicans have been doing it to President Obama for years and it should be condemned as the shameful tactic it is.Regardless, there are a few obvious reasons that Hillary is poised for an easy win. First, New York is a primary state, not a caucus state. While Hillary has under-preformed in caucuses, on average, she s seriously over-preformed in primaries. In essence, the more people that vote, the better Hillary does. A hard fact to swallow but a fact nonetheless.Second, New York is a closed primary, meaning only registered Democrats can vote. This has been a source of outrage among Independents who have demanded the  right  to vote for the Democratic nominee. This, of course, begs the question of why people who chose not to join the party should have the  right  to dictate who that party selects as the nominee. If you think the answer is  democracy,  allow me to point out that caucuses exclude people that cannot spend 2-3 hours on a weeknight voting for a candidate. In terms of participation, millions vote in primaries while only thousands vote in caucuses.Glass houses and all that.Third, and most importantly, New York is a demographically diverse state that closely resembles the racial makeup of the Democratic Party as a whole. In states where Democratic voters are overwhelmingly white, Sanders has a strong  advantage. Everywhere else? Not so much. Here s an interesting data set for you to digest: In November, it s expected that about 54 percent of Democratic voters will be white, 24 percent will be black, 11 percent will be Latino and 7 percent will be Asian/everything else.In the Southern states where the majority of Democratic voters are black, Clinton crushed Sanders. Conversely, in states where the overwhelming majority of Democratic voters are white, Sanders crushed Clinton. Neither of these group of states is particularly representative of the Democratic Party so neither is a good predictor for more evenly mixed states.But, when you look at the 20 states most closely aligned with the demographic makeup of the party, you find an abundance of good news for Clinton: Of the 12 states that have voted, Hillary lost one by a hair, won two by a tiny margin, tied in another and utterly dominated the rest   5 of them by 29 points or more.Take a look:Even better for Clinton, all of the remaining states with large delegate counts are part of those 20. New York, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and California represent 1,132 of the reaming 1,647 delegates. In order to close the significantly large delegate gap, Bernie can t just win those states, he has to win them big. But they re all closed primaries except for California. And even then, of the 18 open primaries/caucuses held so far, Hillary s won 11 of them so California dreaming is not much comfort to the Sanders campaign.And just to top it all off, Hillary is dominating the polls in all five states, anyway.It s possible that one or two of those states will have a Michigan style upset but considering how historically wrong the polling was going into that election, it seems more than a little more unlikely that we ll be seeing more of that. Does this mean Clinton voters should be complacent? Hellllll no. The more she wins by, the stronger her position and the longer her coattails will be going into the general election. Eyes on the prize.Everything else is just noise.Featured image via Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
6843, 4 Insanely Great Ways One Idea From Obama Just Made Life Amazing For Millions Of Americans,"The New York Times has done a major new study on the effects of the Affordable Care Act   aka Obamacare   on the lives of Americans. The Times analyzed what happened in the first full year of the implementation of Obamacare between 2013 and 2014, and the results are mind-blowing in how they ve fundamentally altered the lives of some of the most vulnerable Americans for the better.The first full year of the Affordable Care Act brought historic increases in coverage for low-wage workers and others who have long been left out of the health care system, a New York Times analysis has found.Remember, Obamacare passed without a single Republican vote in the House or Senate, and has survived two Supreme Court challenges and other court challenges made up by the obstructionist Right. The last Republican presidential nominee ran on a platform of repealing it, and so has every GOP presidential candidate running this year.Obamacare has also survived dozens of Republican votes to repeal it, while six years later the GOP has still not offered a plan to replace it.After the passage of Obamacare, the amount of people insured in every slice of America went up in a major way. Between 2013 and 2014, this is how much those increases were, as a percentage:For decades the gap between the wealthy and poor on access to health care has been steadily growing wider and wider. But after the passage of Obamacare, that gap has stopped growing. It s the one area where inequality has actually been halted in its tracks:Nevertheless, the Times s analysis shows that by the end of that first full year, 2014, so many low-income people gained coverage that it halted the decades-long expansion of the gap between the haves and the have-nots in the American health insurance system, a striking change at a time when disparities between rich and poor are growing in many areas.Here s an infographic from the Times illustrating this amazing moment in American health care: Policies like Obamacare are just abstract ideas until they are implemented. But now we have one concrete example of what happens in just one city thanks to Obamacare. The St. John s Well Child and Family Center in South Los Angeles explained that 18,000 new patients were enrolled thanks to the new law   mostly black and Latino people who didn t have insurance before. The clinic has reported a 44% increase in cervical cancer screenings, 25% increase in tobacco cessastion therapy, and a 22% increase in the share of patients who now have their hypertension under control.That s in one clinic in one city.All of these improvements have happened even though Republicans have refused to expand Medicaid in many of their states, even with assistance in the form of federal dollars. That s why the law has helped far fewer blacks than it could have because blacks, especially in the south, tend to live in GOP-dominated states like Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi.Imagine if instead of stubbornly refusing to help Obama, those red states bought in and brought the kind of health care revolution being felt in that Los Angeles clinic to hundreds of thousands more people?Featured image via Flickr",0
6844, Trump Is Now Threatening A Lawsuit Over Copyright Violation Of His Penis (IMAGE),"The artist who painted a nude portrait of Donald Trump might be landing in a bit of hot water, due to the fact that Trump is now threatening lawsuits over the artist s work.Ilma Gore, the artist who painted the famous nude portrait of Trump, has been getting threats from Trump s legal team of impending lawsuits   plus they are also issuing Digital Millenium Copyright claims against her via Facebook. Facebook has actually been conceding to the claims and they have also warned her of legal action under the same premise.Think about it. Out of the oodles and oodles of Trump pictures online, the only one he can file copyright over is one showing his wiener.This means that Trump actually is claiming copyright on his penis. Let s think about that for just about five seconds or so Special note: The size of the pixelation is in no way indicative of the size of anything it may or may not be hiding.Ms. Gore told the New York Daily News,  I don t believe I did anything wrong. It s my work and I ll stand by it no matter what. Once the image hit the internet, it went instantly viral and has gotten bids for over  100,000 after it went on display this month in London at the Maddox Gallery.As hilarious as this is, for obvious reasons, Ilma Gore has had some very serious blowback that isn t funny at all.Ms. Gore also said that since the image of the painting hit the internet, she has also been receiving many threats of rape, death threats, and had to deal with several stalkers at her home. It s typical of a Trump supporter, or even just your average Republican   when a woman does something to make you angry, threaten her with physical violence, terrorism, and death. At least Trump s supporters are an accurate depiction of the man.The portrait got a big boost in publicity due to an unexpected development during the Republican primary season. Ms. Gore painted the portrait in February, but not long after that Trump started bragging about the size of his manhood during presidential debates. You literally couldn t buy a better publicizing platform for your work than that.As I see it, Trump has two options here. He can either claim the painting is defamation by visually proving in court that it misrepresents his genitalia in some disparaging way, or he can enforce copyright by proving it s identical. So, what s it gonna be, Donald?Featured image via Ilma Gore",0
6845, Ted Cruz Used #ScienceFacts Hashtag And Instantly Became Laughingstock Of Scientific Community,"Sen. Ted Cruz, a man whose climate science expertise extends no further than his ability to hold his arm out a window to see if it s raining, tried to troll Democrats by proving climate change was wrong in a single tweet   and it backfired massively.A vehement denier of climate change who once claimed he was just like Galileo because both held unpopular opinions (*eyeroll*) and who accused the 97% of scientists who say climate change is real of being liars, Cruz caused considerable damage to America s scientific community while he was in the Senate. Now he is poised to be in the White House, where he could downright derail it.With those stakes in mind, over the weekend the Democratic Party s Twitter account took a dig at Cruz for brushing off the idea that carbon dioxide contributes to global warming.Yesterday Ted Cruz said that ""carbon dioxide isn't a pollutant."" Someone needs to go back to science class  pic.twitter.com/cTp3QBxa2X  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) April 16, 2016Cruz, whose philosophy appears to be  Well if I m already in a hole, I may as well dig,  immediately fired back with of a tweet of his own.Dems kill jobs, ignore facts. CO2 is what every human breathes out; every plant, in turn,consumes CO2. #ScienceFacts https://t.co/0eESF2Oz08  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) April 16, 2016To which the scientific community responded in unison:  You can t be that stupid, can you? Cruz may not be an avid reader, but even a quick google search can debunk his premise conclusively. In an article published in Scientific American in 2014 and aptly titled  The Worst Climate Pollution Is Carbon Dioxide , writer Gayathri Vaidyanathan walks us through the reasons why: as far as climate change goes, the gas that truly matters is carbon dioxide. Unlike its shorter-lived cousins, CO2 sticks around in the atmosphere for decades to centuries, wreaking climate havoc. It has become very clear that if you want to stabilize warming at any level, you have to start talking about phasing out CO2,  said Joeri Rogelj, a research scholar at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis and lead author of the study.  Reducing other climate pollution can help in different ways and for different things, but in climate stabilization terms, it s noise on the fact that you have to phase out CO2. Here s a simpler experiment Ted can do in his own home. Take a blanket. Put the blanket over your head. Breathe in and out. Notice how it starts to not feel great? Now imagine that on a planetary scale. Too much CO2 can be a disaster and it wouldn t be a great place to live.The always on point science writer for Slate, Phil Plait, tackled this exact climate denier myth just a few months ago on his blog. CO2, so the deniers say, is harmless because it s just what we breathe out, and isn t carbon what all life is based around? How can that be bad?This is nonsense, says Plait:This is a stunning statement. Like most denier talking points, there s a germ of truth to it the carbon in living tissue does come in large part from atmospheric CO2 but to say that means it can t be a pollutant is pretty silly.For example, our bodies produce formaldehyde naturally; it s a byproduct of the metabolic process. Yet the Center for Disease Control and Prevention classifies it as a pollutant. Why? Because too much of it under the wrong conditions is a bad thing.As ever, Cruz managed to be both wrong and smug at the same time. He s not just ignorant, he s proud of it.Why does this matter?As you may have noticed, last October was the hottest October ever recorded. So was November. So was December. So was January. So was February. So was March. Climate change isn t just theoretically possible, it s happening now and more quickly than many scientists ever dared worry it would. This means the time for action is already here. President Obama has done several key things to help America play catch up on the war against climate change. First he dumped tons of money into researching alternative energy and America is finally getting serious about solar and wind power. But perhaps most significantly of all, we are beginning to work with other countries around the world to globally combat the worst effects.This all goes away with Ted Cruz. A President Cruz not only doesn t believe climate change is worth fighting, he doesn t believe it exists. For four to eight years, America will rollback and dismantle the progress it has made at this crucial time. What this means for the future is the stuff of nightmares.But on the bright side, if our cities are flooded and our crops are failing at least President Cruz can provide us have plenty of good, healthy carbon.Featured image via Darren Hauck/Getty Images ",0
6846, Polls Show The World Overwhelmingly Loves President Obama (IMAGE),"Pew Research Center, which conducts not just domestic but also international polls, released their newest findings with regards to President Obama and how the world sees him (more specifically, their confidence in him that he will do the right thing).Not surprisingly, it turns out that most of the world loves our president and has the utmost confidence in him. Take that, Republicans who call him  weak  in the eyes of the world.After gathering information from 40 states across six continents, a median of 65 percent say they have confidence in Obama to do the right thing and 27 percent do not.These are the top 10 countries that have the highest rating for President Obama:The president s  approval rating  has also skyrocketed in India, from a dismal 48 percent in 2014 to 74 percent now. The lowest approval rating Obama has in Africa is 65 percent, but it is important to remember African citizens loved President Bush as well.When President Bush left the White House in January 2009, western European confidence in America s president reached an all-time low, with some countries giving W. less than 10 percent approval. Today, western Europe remains inspired by our nation s president (unless you count Russia, where only 11 percent approve of him).Although the president has seen a slightly lower approval rating recently than when he entered the presidency in 2009, it should be noted that besides his sharp decline with Russia, he also has drastically declined in Israel. Just last year, his approval rating was a soaring 71 percent (Republicans ignored this while accusing him of hating Israel), and this year his approval rating has fallen to 49 percent.So Israel isn t too thrilled with him and Russia absolutely despises him. Other than that, the world loves him. In the U.S., the poll found that 58 percent of Americans feel he can do the right thing and have confidence in his ability to do so. Not too shabby considering (yet again), Republicans say the people hate him. The only other countries that seem to have no confidence in him are Jordan, Pakistan, Venezuela,  the Palestinian Territory, and Argentina.If the world loves President Obama, I can only imagine how much they ll love Bernie or Hillary.America, let s not wreck our standing internationally   for God s sake, we don t need President Trump coming in and making the world hate us (again). Featured image by Ashley Landis-Pool/Getty Images",0
6847, ‘God Is Gay’: SNL Destroys ‘Religious Freedom’ Laws In HILARIOUS Mock Film Promo (VIDEO),"What would you do if a gay couple requested that you bake a cake for them? Probably bake it because you re not a bigot, but what if you were? Would you take your battle to court? Would you fight for a legal right to discriminate? Well, Saturday Night Live takes us on the journey of one bigoted baker s fight to prove that  God is a boob man  and would not approve of gay cakes.This absolutely brilliant parody film promo points out the utter absurdity of the anti-LGBT laws so many states have put forward, and they went about it the most hilariously honest way possible.Those seeking legislated discrimination seem to think that the LGBT community wants special rights and privileges by just ordering cakes from bakers, or that they want everyone to think that  God is gay  as pointed out in this video. These bigots fail to see that they re not the ones being persecuted, but rather the ones doing the persecuting.LGBT money doesn t have cooties, despite what anyone may have previously told you. In fact, it spends just the same, and many gay couples often have a lot of it to spend since they re often dual income with no kids.Kudos to SNL for hitting the nail on the head with this video. It s probably one of the funniest things they ve ever put out. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDDAa1If-u4Featured image via video screen capture",0
6848, TV Host Rips Anti-Gay Christian Leader To Shreds For Using Religion To Excuse Bigotry (VIDEO),"If you want to watch an anti-gay conservative  Christian  squirm as he is torn to pieces by a TV host, this will make your day.In North Carolina and Mississippi, Republicans have passed anti-LGBT laws under the guise of religious liberty allowing business owners to discriminate against customers and employees.Other red states such as South Carolina and Tennessee are also trying to push similar bills into law, some of which allow discrimination against not just gay people, but also interracial couples and people who have pre-marital sex as long as the bigot claims that they have a sincere religious belief.Basically these so-called  religious liberty  laws are similar to the kind that were used during the 1960s when white business owners refused service to black people. Now states in the South are trying to legalize discrimination again by dubiously tying it to religious freedom.And when Family Research Council President Tony Perkins attempted to defend the laws, he got his ass handed to him for that very reason.Perkins argued that the laws were all about protecting public safety even though there is not a single example of a trans person sexually assaulting a woman or a child in the bathroom in the 17 states and over 200 cities across the nation that have passed anti-discrimination ordinances to protect the LGBT community.Perkins also stated that the laws are necessary to protect Christian business owners who refuse to serve LGBT people. Matter of Fact host Fernando Espuelas didn t hesitate to call out Perkins for spewing bullshit to excuse bigotry and hate. The idea that someone who has a business license can then discriminate against one group or another is something that was put to rest in the 1960s,  Espuelas correctly pointed out.Perkins then played the slavery card to claim that business owners who have to serve gay people are being forced to be servants. We re talking about forcing someone to take their creative ability, their talent and force them. This is almost forced servitude, saying that you have to be a part of this or the state is going to punish you. The problem is that nobody is asking the business owner for approval, only services that are paid for with money. Discriminating against customers because they are gay is a violation of civil rights. Espuelas didn t back down.  That s essentially the same argument as segregation,  he replied to Perkins.Perkins and Espuelas then proceeded to debate the bigoted laws further, with Espuelas masterfully countering Perkins at every turn.Perkind began by bringing up marriage and how it is a religious institution even though marriage existed long before organized religion. In fact, the early Christian church was hostile toward marriage. We re talking about marriage,  Perkins said.  That is a sacred institution. Just three years ago the president had the same view. But he didn t have the view that people should be discriminated against,  Espuelas replied before defining discrimination for Perkins.  How is it not discrimination if you pick one group, a specific group of people and have different rights for them? How is that not discrimination? No one can deny that marriage is a religious ceremony,  Perkins claimed even though history says otherwise.  And you re forcing someone to violate their beliefs. Perkins went on to claim that nobody is trying to prohibit gay people from getting married even though that s exactly what conservatives have been trying to do and are still trying to do despite the Supreme Court ruling last summer. Perkins said that gay people can simply hire a different photographer or cake baker if the photographer or baker they want refuses to serve them.Perkins said refusal of service is not discrimination, however, that s exactly what it is and Espuelas once again called him out for supporting legalized discrimination. No, and it s very clear, and the reason why you support is why? You support it because specifically these laws allow businesses to discriminate against gay people. Because you have a point of view regarding it. It allows people to live out their religious freedom,  Perkins desperately responded, telling Espuelas that religion shouldn t be kept out of the free market and that they should be allowed to refuse service at will and use religion as an excuse.Here s the video via YouTube:The problem is that Perkins is talking about a slippery slope. Because it s likely Perkins would whine like a petulant child and cry discrimination if an atheist or Muslim business owner refused service to a Christian customer. The outcry would ring out from every conservative corner of the nation. That s why these bills are really only meant to give Christian business owners the right to discriminate, which violates the Constitution because laws are not supposed to favor one religion over another. And the hypocrisy would be prominently pointed out by everyone who has criticized these  religious freedom  bills from the start as the bigoted unconstitutional bills they are.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6849, What Bill O’Reilly Just Said About Women Proves He’s A Certified A**hole (VIDEO),"Bill O Reilly has said some ridiculous things on his show over the years and his so-called conservatism has translated into outright bigotry and nonsense in many cases. That tradition continued with yet another nonsensical statement, this time about women. Watch the video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Za05IPc8F-U]It all started with O Reilly s interpretation of what Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton said during the Democratic debates on the issue of abortion, believing that  both candidates say they want few limits on abortion.  During an interview with Fox News analyst Kirsten Powers, O Reilly said: If you are going to say that the two Democrats running for president both favor pretty much abortion at any time, for any reason, and they hide behind the women s health issue, but that could be a migraine headache, you know. OK, I don t want to have the kid, my boyfriend left me, my husband left me, whatever it may be, I got a migraine, kid is going to be born next week. Let s get- Powers interrupted, saying,  I don t think that many people get abortions because they have a migraine headache. O Reilly continued: OK, it doesn t matter. It s theoretical. When you have two candidates saying they don t want any limitations in the law place, they don t want any. That can happen. And we know what happened in Kansas, did that big investigation on Tiller you know what happened there. And so that s so radical and so far away from what the American people want. That s just one example. O Reilly has proven himself to lack any credibility whatsoever and his male privilege is disturbing to watch. When will people learn that a woman has a right to choose? After all, in the end, it s the woman s body and O Reilly s nonsense is typical of males believing they have authority over a woman s body as well as her choices.I m looking forward to the day when this guy s show gets cancelled.Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6850, Trump Is Now Officially Increasing The Chance Of A Nuclear Incident According To This Report,"Republicans aren t very smart about a lot of things, but one of their most unfortunate mental deficits is in their awareness of what they sound like to the rest of the world. Whether they simply are too dumb to know, or they just don t care, the way they portray America to the rest of the world is a damned embarrassment to the nation.One of the worst sources of this global shame is easily Donald Trump, for obvious reasons. His stupidity, empty talk, hate and chest beating are dragging us back to pre-Obama levels of global ridicule. However, now things are taking a departure from simple mockery and turning into a serious international incident.North Korea is now using Trump s rhetoric regarding nuclear proliferation, and the fact thath e is actually advocating using them, as justification for not backing down on their nuclear program. This is the same North Korea that only about a month ago wanted to have their nuclear weapons ready to fire at a moment s notice, and promised to expand their arsenal.Ri Jong Ryul, deputy-director general of the Institute of International Studies in Pyongyang had this to say: Donald Trump s remarks are totally absurd and illogical. The U.S. tells us to give up our nuclear program, is preparing a nuclear attack against us, and on the other hand would tell its allies to have nuclear weapons. Isn t this (a) double standard? Source: CNNNorth Korea was difficult enough to deal with on their best days. Now, they hear a person that could be the Presidential nominee of the most war-loving political party in modern American history advocating for more nuclear weapons to be developed, as well as the actual use of them against nations like North Korea. Perhaps one day Republicans will understand that people outside of the U.S. also do listen to our politics, but sadly that doesn t seem to be today.Featured image via Mother Jones",0
6851, George Clooney Has A VERY Specific Reason Why He’s Supporting Hillary (VIDEO),"When running for President of the United States it s important to remember that you can t get anything you want to get done accomplished alone. Having great ideas means nothing if you don t have a Congress to back you up. That s why it s so incredibly important to make sure that we not only get a Democrat in the White House, but also turn the Senate and House of Representatives blue.With that in mind, there is really only one candidate running for president on the Democratic ticket that is taking this into account, and that person is Hillary Clinton. While Sanders is clearly out-raising Clinton in small donations, which is amazing in and of itself, in the first quarter alone of 2016, Hillary has brought in $15 million for the Democratic National Committee and state Democratic parties to make sure Democrats win across the board.Knowing how important it is to have a Democratic Congress to get anything done is actor/activist/philanthropist George Clooney. He fully recognizes that Bernie Sanders has it right that we need to get big money out of politics, but that he has it wrong when it comes to doing little to support down-ticket candidates. Only recently has Sanders begun raising money for congressional candidates, and only for those who have endorsed him.On Meet the Press, Clooney told host Chuck Todd why it s so important to also raise money for down-ticket Democratic races: It s going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress. And the reason that s important, and the reason it s important to me, is because we need   I m a Democrat. So if you re a Republican, you re going to disagree, but we need to take the Senate back. Clooney also made the very important point of noting that we need to take back Congress so that we can actually get a Supreme Court Justice who will help overturn Citizens United and get big money out of politics. So while yes, he did agree with Sanders that we need to get big money out, it s not going to happen unless there is support of Democrats nationwide, including monetarily. Keep in mind, Clooney remarks that what Sanders has to say is very important, including that he really likes the Vermont Senator, and if he were to get the nomination he will do whatever he can to get him elected, but as for now, he s supporting Hillary.Party strength is, quite literally, everything. Without it, you have nothing. You have a mighty platform to say things, but no means to get anything done. Those who seek to divide the Democratic party don t realize how dreadfully horrific their unintended consequences will be. That sort of myopic thinking, while in an ideal world would make no difference, it very clearly does in modern-day politics, and it s not about to change overnight.Kudos to Clooney for making this point be clearly known, and also for voting blue no matter who.Here s the video:Featured photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
6852, Republicans Punish Georgia Governor For Refusing To Legalize Anti-LGBT Bigotry,"Georgia conservatives really wanted to enshrine their hate and bigotry into law under the guise of religious liberty, and because their governor refused to do so they are punishing him.Unlike the Republican governors of North Carolina and Mississippi, Georgia Governor Nathan Deal refused to sign the anti-LGBT bill passed by the GOP-controlled legislature. Deal mulled over the bill while witnessing the economic backlash similar bills are causing other states.In North Carolina alone, corporations are threatening to leave or have cancelled plans to expand into the state, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs and money that could have sparked economic growth. Furthermore, the state also faces the loss of federal dollars. Mississippi is facing the same backlash and South Carolina has also suffered the loss of a corporate headquarters for just introducing the bill.Georgia certainly faced the same consequences. Disney and Marvel threatened to stop filming movies in the state and other corporations and businesses urged the governor to veto the bill.Realizing that the economic backlash was not worth it, Governor Deal vetoed HB 757. He angered conservatives but saved the economy of his state from ruin.But those conservatives were looking forward to being able to use their Bibles as a shield so they can discriminate against anyone they please.And so, they decided to send a message to Republicans and any Republican who sits in the governor s mansion in the future that not doing what they want is unacceptable and will be punished.Despite being urged not to do so, conservatives of the Georgia Third District voted overwhelmingly to censure Deal. According to the Atlanta Journal Constitution: Though it is purely symbolic, it s a startling sign of the conservative backlash to Deal s decision to reject the legislation   and another reminder that the debate over the measure never really ended. A censure is a formal statement of severe disapproval, which means Republicans literally just punished Deal publicly for refusing to support a bigoted policy supported by conservatives in his state.It s basically a warning shot to other Republicans that they better not veto future efforts to legalize discrimination in Georgia or they too could be censured or worse.This is why Republicans made a huge mistake by letting extremists have a mainstream seat at the party table. Because now they are beholden to do as the extremists desire or else.Featured image via  YouTube",0
6853, Bernie Sanders Introduces Killer Mike At Coachella Music Festival (VIDEO),"On April 16th, Senator Bernie Sanders, through a video message, introduced Rapper Killer Mike and his group, Run the Jewels, at the Coachella Music Festival in Indio, California.Senator Sanders cited his friendship with Killer Mike, who became a fervent supporter and surrogate for the Bernie Sanders campaign after the rapper started reading his tweets. Rolling Stone released a six part interview the rapper conducted with Senator Sanders in December 2015. The rapper has introduced him at several campaign events, campaigned on behalf of Bernie Sanders, and participated in several other video discussions including a forum with Dr. Cornel West, Nina Turner, and Bernie Sanders on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in January 2016.After backlash in February alleging Killer Mike was sexist for remarks he made in quoting Jane Elliot, the rapper has focused more on his music career.Next week, Bernie Sanders supporters are putting on  Berniechella  in the same city Coachella is being held. A block party will be held in Old town Coachella on April 21st and 22nd featuring food trucks, exhibitions, and performances from Zoe Kravitz, Ozomatli, Venus and the Moon, Shepard Farley, and Moses Summey. The event is free and thousands are expected to attend. The event and Bernie Sanders introduction for Killer Mike represents the the impact Bernie Sanders  campaign is having on the culture of millennials. Counter culture icons in the music and entertainment industry have embraced Bernie Sanders along with millions of millennials. No matter what the outcome of the Democratic Primaries is, Bernie Sanders has become an iconic figure for younger generations, and his campaign will have a lasting impact on American politics for years to come. https://www.facebook.com/therealrunthejewels/videos/1097514653639607/Featured Image courtesy of Flickr",0
6854, Lewandowski To Fox News: Apologizing To The Reporter I Assaulted Is ‘Unrealistic’,"Corey Lewandowski got some good news last week when the state s attorney for Palm Beach, Florida announced that he was dropping the charges against him and is now saying he is ready to move on. But don t expect Trump s abusive campaign manager to admit he did something wrong or apologize for it.Lewandowski appeared on Fox News Sunday, and Chris Wallace asked if he had any intention of apologizing to Michelle Fields: In the interest of avoiding unnecessary litigation, which I know Republicans don t like, are you prepared here and now to apologize to Ms. Fields for touching her and for saying that she was delusioned? The campaign manager responded exactly the way you d expect Trump s right-hand man to respond: Here and now I d like to say I ve never spoken to Ms. Fields. I turned over my phone records to the Palm Beach County district attorney s office. It clearly shows I called her phone number that evening [after] I read about this on the Twitter feed. I d be happy to have a conversation with her. But to apologize to somebody I ve never spoken to and candidly don t remember ever having any interaction with is something that is a little unrealistic right now. He added,  This is a person I ve never spoken to and I d be happy to have that conversation if we can put this thing behind us. Just like his boss, Lewandowski is incapable of admitting that he was wrong. He still refuses to apologize to the woman he assaulted and called names even though there is video evidence proving he did it. He, like Trump, thinks that he can just walk through life and do whatever he wants without ever suffering any consequences and unfortunately, Palm Beach prosecutors reaffirmed this by not pursuing the charges.Ms. Fields has likely had her career ruined, while this jackass gets to proceed as if nothing happened. Lovely, isn t it?Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6855, Texas Teen Fatally Shoots Himself 5 Days After NRA-Recommended Gun Safety Course (VIDEO),"According to the NRA, we have nothing to fear from gun-toting individuals who have completed a safety course. There is no way, if properly trained, that they can present a danger to themselves or others. Unfortunately, one Texas teenager s family learned the hard way that sending their child off to receive firearms training then giving him a gun probably isn t the best way to go about life.Weatherford High School senior Brennan Weikel dreamed of playing football in college. Unfortunately, he will never be able to do that because his stepfather gave the inexperienced 17-year-old a weapon and took him out in the middle of the night for what was supposed to be a fun Spring Break hog hunting trip. I know everybody says,  Oh, my kid s perfect.  He really was. He was a good kid,  said stepfather James Chambers. Chambers took Weikel out hunting just five days after the teenager had completed a gun safety course   one that gives him the legal right to hunt under Texas law, regardless of the amount of experience he has. Chambers also left Weikel by himself to hunt, according to the Weatherford Democrat: They were placed in individual ground blinds, the little wooden ones,  [Game Warden Penny Nixon] said.  His stepfather shot a hog and called the victim to ask him to help retrieve it. And the stepfather reported that immediately upon hanging up with the stepson, just seconds later, he heard a shot. It came from the blind where the young victim was. After getting no response to a text asking about the shot, the Weikel s stepfather, who was approximately 300 yards away, went over to the stand and found the teen crumpled up in the corner, his feet tangled up in a chair, according to Wise County Sheriff Lane Akin. There may have been some hunter inexperience involved,  Nixon explained.Akin says that the teen leaned over the rifle, which had a round chambered and the safety off, when he stood up after receiving his stepfather s text. When he reached for the grip of the rifle, he accidentally squeezed the trigger and fired a single round into his head. It was instantly fatal,  Nixon said.  It s a real tragedy. Yes, it is a  real tragedy    but the NRA and its acolytes will simply view this as an  accident  rather than a symptom of the problem that is  gun culture  in America. Simply put, this would have never happened if the teen s family had made the responsible decision not to place a gun in his hands. This would have never happened if the NRA and its Republican allies did not present arming teenagers as normal. This would have never happened if we would take reasonable steps to place age restrictions on firearm use, if we required more than a minimal amount of training, or if Weikel s stepfather had at least stayed by his side to make sure that he was using the gun properly.Contrary to the NRA s rhetoric, guns do not  keep us safe.  If they did, Weikel would still be playing football.Watch a report on the shooting below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6856, North Carolina’s Governor Went On TV To Defend His Anti-LGBT Bill – And Got Royally Owned (VIDEO),"North Carolina s Republican Governor allowed his own sexual hangups to influence his state and it has cost tens of millions of dollars (and counting) in lost business, a PR nightmare, and a justifiably outraged population who think fixing a problem that doesn t exist is a massive waste of time. In short, he tanked his state and has nothing but headaches to show for it.Rather than, say, fix the screw ups by reversing the anti-LGBT bill that he signed into law and which allows North Carolina businesses to legally discriminate against transgender people, he has instead doubled down and focused on changing the narrative. It s not going well.On Sunday, Governor Pat McCrory desperately tried to repair his reputation by appearing on Meet the Press. Instead, he blundered into a series of cringeworthy  self owns  that make one wonder how he ever got elected in the first place. In almost slapstick fashion, McCrory managed to step on just about every rake in the yard as he stumbled from weak talking point to weak talking point.Putting on his tough guy voice, McCrory told host Chuck Todd that he wouldn t be bullied by the boycotts, the loss of business, the national condemnation, or his own citizens  desires. He also said he would stand against the Human Rights Campaign (which he misidentified as the  Human Relations Commission )   because if there is anything that will help prove you re not a monster, it s proudly attacking an organization that fights for human rights.In an awkward exchange, McCrory said his critics were trying to silence him by not holding a  dialogue  on the issue, which prompted Todd to point out that Republicans had repeatedly refused to debate the discriminatory bill before forcing it through the state legislature and hurriedly signing it into law.McCrory also acknowledged that he didn t meet with a single trans person before signing the bill, but that he has met a few at some point in his life. (He also claimed a guy at an all-you-can-eat buffet hugged him.) The fact that he didn t meet with the people who would be most affected by his legalized discrimination speaks volumes. Notably, South Dakota s governor had a similar bill on his desk around the same time. He actually spoke with the trans community   and ultimately decided to veto it. It s almost as if talking to the potential victims can impact the decision. Go figure.However, the best blunder came near the end: When finally pressed into a corner over the fact that North Carolina has become one of the least gay friendly states in the country under his eye, McCrory did the only sensible thing   he blamed Batman. This is basically a restroom privacy issue, versus equality. And these things need to be discussed, not threatened by Hollywood or anyone. You know, Hollywood, with all due respects to the Hollywood, the new Batman and Robin movie is playing in China, which has anti-gay, terrible, terrible human rights violations. The new Batman and Robin movie! The argument is complete and utter nonsense. It s safe to say that even his supporters were probably watching this interview with a mixture of bafflement and terror. When the greatest advocate for your hate bill is reduced to claiming Batman playing in Chinese theaters justifies his own intolerance, you might as well just hang a sign around your neck that says  We lost. Watch Pat McCrory s very bad day below:Featured image via NBC News screengrab",0
6857," Texas ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Brings REAL Weapon To Water Gun Fight, Shoots Teen Girl (VIDEO)","A teenage girl in Texas was sent to the hospital Saturday after one of her  responsible,  gun owning relatives turned a simple family gathering into an afternoon of terror. While the NRA encourages gun owners to take their weapons everywhere, to act as the last hope if a  bad guy with a gun  rears his ugly head, a simple Spring family barbecue serves as the latest example of why the hero-worship of everyone who straps a piece of metal to their thigh (or wherever) is not only irresponsible   it s dangerous. It was crazy, like you would never expect somebody to bring a gun to a barbecue or a family gathering at all,  said neighbor Micah Stewart, who witnessed the shooting.Neighbor Rasheed Seals says that the incident all began with two people at the gathering having a water gun fight. Unfortunately, one of the participants brought a real gun to the party: We come around here to get home and there s two people playing, like they re having a water gun fight. Stewart says that the  responsible gun owner  proved himself to be anything but responsible as he was drying off: The man went over there to his car to get his dry clothes and he must have had the gun so he started playing with it and tried to do this and I thought he probably had it on safety and he accidentally shot the girl in her collar bone area. The bullet struck a mere inch from the 15-year-old victim s neck. A stray bullet also hit a car about five houses away. Fortunately, no one else was hurt.Harris County Constable Lt. Daniel Garza explained that Cy Creek EMS  tended to the female who is reported to be in stable condition,  though it is not clear if the shooter   surely a  good guy with a gun  the NRA and its acolytes will immediately disavow   will be charged with a crime.Watch a report on the shooting below:Featured Image via screengrab",0
6858, This ‘Do Your Job’ Video Is Humiliating GOP Senators With Straight Truth And A Bucket Of Laughs (VIDEO),"We pay our senators $174,000 per year. For that money, we get any and every bill that might actually help the middle class and the working poor blocked. We get new legislation to take away our voting rights, expand protections for Christians, limit a woman s ability to make decisions about her own body and life and a whole slew of nothing when it comes to anything else.That s okay, because at least they do what they re supposed to when it comes to constitutional duties like confirming federal judges, right? Yeah, sure they do. In their ultimate wisdom and probably in hopes that some conservative lower court judges will hand some Democratic victories to Republicans in November, the senate has decided that our nation s highest court should be deadlocked at a 4-4 tie for at least a year, probably five if Clinton or Sanders wins the election.Republicans aren t just refusing to confirm the most qualified man on the beltway for the job, they re refusing to even sit down and talk with him. In other words, they have once again refused to do their jobs. This video, put out by VidMe and already viral, explores with simple truth and just enough humor what would happen if other people refused to do their jobs.It would be one thing if the senate had a reason to ignore the perfect nomination but they just don t. They are refusing to sit down and go through the process because they know that C-Span covers those things and they will look exceedingly stupid as a nominee who has a record of fair adherence to the law is exposed as the right man for the job but gets trashed just because he was nominated by a black man the Republicans despise.It s just business as usual for the failure we call the Republican party.https://www.facebook.com/vidme/videos/10154596375275942/Featured image from screen capture ",0
6859, WATCH: Hillary Clinton Gave The PERFECT Response To Trump’s Childish Insult,"Hillary Clinton isn t letting the latest childish nickname from Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump get under her skin. Appearing on ABC s This Week, the Democratic candidate was asked about Trump calling her  Crooked Hillary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqT3quvHfss He can say whatever he wants to say about me, I really couldn t care less,  Clinton said on ABC s  This Week With George Stephanopoulos,   I don t respond to Donald Trump and his string of insults about me. Clinton went on to emphasize why she isn t afraid of Trump s schoolyard insults, but is more than willing to take him on head-first. I can take care of myself,  Clinton said on  This Week  when asked to respond to Trump s jab.  What I m concerned about is how he goes after everybody else. He goes after women. He goes after Muslims. He goes after immigrants. He goes after people with disabilities. He is hurting our unity at home. He is undermining the values that we stand for in New York and across America. And he s hurting us around the world. Trump is trying to make noise in the media about Clinton at the exact same time he s stuck in a delegate fight with Senator Ted Cruz. Trump has been repeatedly out-hustled and out-campaigned at state delegate events where Cruz has organized to secure delegates ahead of the Republican Convention in Cleveland. Trump faces the prospect of the nomination being snatched away from him, even though he has a very big lead over Cruz, because Trump may have problems hitting the 1,237 delegates needed to win the Republican nomination.Even if he succeeds there, polling indicates Trump is in for a nightmare election if he goes head to head with Clinton. Polling shows that Trump s unfavorable are so sky-high he would lose to Clinton by double digits in a national election. Trump also shows considerable weakness in state polling, where he pulls up even at best with Clinton in strong Republican states like Mississippi and Utah.Featured image via YouTube",0
6860, Sarah Palin May Have To Bust Out The Crayons And Draw Her Own Invitation To The RNC,"Sarah Palin knows she s a political outcast. She s proud of it. She thinks because nobody cares what she thinks besides a handful of dense Trump supporters who are at his rallies to listen rather than wait for the chance to beat someone up that she qualifies as some kind of revolutionary.She actually qualifies as a has-been as well as a never-should-have-been, but I digress. There is nothing revolutionary about Sarah Palin. Assuming that she ll be able to just walk into a secure facility without an invite because you can see Russia from a remote island off the coast of Alaska or because your ever-so-pure Christian family are pros at losing custody battles, beating women and having children out-of-wedlock is a bit naive.Palin says she s going, however, and not even Paul Revere ringin  those bells and warning the British that they r uhhh not gonna take our guns will stop her. In an interview with the Associated Press, Palin said she may have to invite herself.  I can t see any of them inviting me,  she said, adding that the leaders of the RNC are  afraid of what I might say. Ya think? Every time this woman opens her mouth yet another round of inane rambling comes out. She has no clue how to prepare for a successful public appearance, which is why she s had so few. She doesn t deserve a stage or a microphone, even if it the Republican clown convention we re talking about.Palin also warned that the RNC had better not mess with Trump, who she called  so reasonable  and  full of common sense.  She says the people will rise up if they deny their candidate the nomination: How dare they   these arrogant, arrogant political operatives. Under the wisdom of the people, we will rise up, and we will say our vote does count, our activism does count. And for those who would try to warp that, those are the ones who need to leave   we don t need to leave. Looks like Sarah Palin is gonna jump onto the Trump train as it crashes into Cleveland, which will be nothing short of hilarious   especially if they tell her to beat it.Time will tell. I wonder if the grandkids will be helping her forge an invitation with construction paper and crayons.Featured image from Aaron Bernstein/Getty Images ",0
6861, Republicans Are Now Threatening To KILL Transgender Students At This University,"Republicans at the University of North Carolina have gone completely off the rails and are now literally threatening transgender women who use the women s restrooms on campus with the penalty of death.Sadly, there is no amount of exaggeration in that statement. College Republicans have already made direct threats to the life of one transgender female on campus and are asserting that they will defend  their daughters and sisters,  with equal force against anyone else they declare a threat.The student who received the threats posted the exchange to Reddit while redacting her name. College Republicans have completely denied that the exchange occurred, which is not surprising.Portions of the attack, taken from the thread, are listed below: First of (sic), you are a mentally-ill man, no amount of surgery or hormones will change that. Second, if a tranny like you goes into the women s restroom, then what about the rights of them? If you value your life, you shouldn t have made this sick choice and settled with the gender God gave you. Playing into your delusions would make us no better than someone who tolerates pedophiles. You will never be a woman, and so you should stick with the man s room, as that is what you are, a mentally-ill man. you are sick and disgusting for mutilating your own God-given body, so a tranny like you find no pity with us. If you ever dare to set foot into the women s room I will make sure to give you a lesson not to harass our women, you freak of nature. We will make sure that you trannies do not molest our daughters and sisters. This comes on the heels of North Carolina passing a license-to-bigot law, otherwise known as a  religious freedom  law. Among the usual mundane items of people being protected from the sin of baking gay wedding cakes, it also places restrictions on transgender individuals   forcing them to use the bathroom that is associated with their physical genitalia.The UNC College Republicans released a statement denying everything about the incident, claiming that it s a fake story and they never threatened her. Yeah, I m sure that it s far more likely a transgender student decided to make death threats against herself, rather than just simply pee and go on with her business.The law, despite its utter failures on so many levels, seems to have had its desired effect. It has now legitimized every phobia and bit of hate that the good moral Christian right-wingers had inside themselves. They now think that they are within their rights to use deadly force to defend  their women.  Thanks, Republicans. We couldn t have gone full-Christian Sharia in America without you.Featured image via wikicommons",0
6862, Seinfeld’s ‘Elaine’ Wants Bernie Sanders To Clarify A Few Things In SNL Cold Open (VIDEO),"If you watched the most recent Democratic debate between candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, you may have noticed that things got a bit brutal, with the crowd noises even seeming reminiscent of a WWE showdown.Clearly noticing this were the folks over at Saturday Night Live, who literally had Hillary (played by Kate McKinnon) and Sanders (played by Larry David) going head to head.""Are you feeling THAT Bern?!"" #SNL pic.twitter.com/oRXmSAN2Tz  Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl) April 17, 2016During the SNL reenactment of the debate they had a members of the audience ask the candidates questions, and since the debate took place in New York City, one of the trusty citizens was  Elaine Benes  from the hit show Seinfeld played by this week s SNL host Julia Louis Dreyfus, who perfectly reprised her famous role.Elaine wanted to know how exactly Bernie was going to break up the banks, and lets just say, she wasn t too fond of his answer. Bernie answered: Once I m elected president, I ll have a nice schvitz in the White House gym, I ll sit them down and yada yada yada, they ll be broken up. With Elaine replying: You can t yada yada at a debate. Of course,  yada yada yada  also being a famous line from Seinfeld   and seeing Julia Louis Dreyfus back with Larry David who co-created the show alongside Jerry Seinfeld was definitely amazing.Elaine, clearly annoyed, asked Hillary: Doesn t it suck to be the only girl in a group of guys? And when Hillary said yes, Elaine added,  Don t worry, because everyone thinks you are by far the funniest I mean, the most qualified. There were also questions from  Rachel Green  from Friends, but Elaine had one more question for Sanders: Senator Sanders, you believe the super-rich should pay more in taxes? But wouldn t that be bad for actors who made a lot of money on a certain very successful sitcom? even worse for the person who created that sitcom? Of course, speaking of herself and David.David s Sanders responded: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you should vote for her. All in all, it was definitely a lot of fun to see Elaine back in action. Now, if only she would do her infamous dance.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6863, Bernie Supporters Shower Hillary’s Motorcade With Actual Money At Clooney Fundraiser (VIDEO),"An unfortunate part of modern-day politics is the fact that money is far too involved in our elections. Yet, until Citizens United and big money is no longer allowed in elections, it s a necessary evil. Even President Obama held    and still holds   fundraisers. Another such fundraiser was thrown for Hillary Clinton by George Clooney and his wife Amal, and even Clooney himself said the price of attending, alongside the practice itself, is  obscene. Clinton s rival in the Democratic race, Sen. Bernie Sanders, has definitely shown that it may not be necessary to hold such big money fundraisers so long as you have enough grassroots support behind you. So, whether or not he wins the nomination, his legacy will be an example of things to come in the future, and how elections should be conducted as far as raising funds. But until Citizens United is overturned, and until we can get big money out of elections, there will be fundraisers. It is what it is. It s the nature of the beast.However, with this latest fundraiser thrown by the Clooneys came a counter-fundraiser thrown by Clooney s neighbor Howard Gold, whose family founded the 99 Cents Only chain of stores. Part of the fundraiser/protest was a moment when the crowd threw money at Hillary s motorcade as it passed by.And it was very real money that, according to Dan Merica of CNN, was $1000 withdrawn by Howard Gold himself.The money was real. And was withdrawn from a bank today by Howard Gold, the Sanders counter fundraiser host. https://t.co/CMRGr7RBJQ  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 17, 2016It seems, however, that these protesters didn t throw the money on Clinton, but rather her Secret Service agents:Funny part about this: The car that was showered the most was full of Secret Service agents, not Clinton. https://t.co/CMRGr7RBJQ  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 17, 2016Yet, the point was still clearly made.The Clooneys have every right to hold fundraisers for their candidate of choice, just as the protesters have every right to speak up in dissent of big money fundraisers. And as so long as they are invited, as they were by Gold, and not trespassing on private property, more of these protests are bound to pop up as the election heats up towards a potential Democratic nominee.This has definitely been an entertaining election cycle to say the least. Watch the video here of the money being thrown:Sanders supporters outside Clinton s Clooney fundraiser in LA shower her motorcade in $1,000. pic.twitter.com/ivbu024IcG  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 17, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6864, President Obama ‘Schools’ NBA Champion Stephen Curry In Basketball And Other Stuff (VIDEO),"Reigning NBA champion and most valuable player Stephen Curry hung out with President Obama and learned a few lessons from the NBA enthusiast, including how to play basketball. While we know who can school who in reality, Curry took it all in stride as the president showed him how to shoot a basketball as the two teamed up to highlight the importance of mentoring.Watch video here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Atm3P3XsAag] The president didn t just teach Curry a few moves in basketball: He also schooled the talented shooter in Connect Four, and taught him how to make a model volcano erupt.It was all in good fun for the president who is in his last few months in office and the NBA great, who is in the prime of his career and is looking for a second consecutive championship after helping the Golden State Warriors to the best regular season record in history.To learn more about mentoring opportunities, read and click on the link below: Mentoring creates meaningful connections that can positively impact the lives of both mentor and mentee. Those who receive mentorship are more likely to see improved academic, social, and economic prospects. Those who mentor are able to build important leadership and management skills, while giving back to their community.There are 46 million young people, aged 8   18, living in America. 16 million of them are growing up without a mentor. That s one out of every three young people who, outside of their family at home, don t have a trusted adult who they believe they can turn to for advice and guidance. Of those young people, 9 million face a variety of day-to-day challenges that put them at-risk for falling off track. That means that every mentorship matters. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6865, Nate Silver: Hillary Clinton’s Wins Most Resemble The Democratic Party,"As the New York primary draws closer and closer, Hillary Clinton, current front runner in the Democratic Party, is slated to win by a comfortable margin (for now). New York, a solid Democratic state when heading into the general, is also a very diverse state   which is good for Clinton.According to Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight, New York s diversity is why Clinton will most likely win on Tuesday. In fact, according to Silver s measures, Clinton s wins in heavily diverse states like Texas, Nevada, Florida, South Carolina, etc. most closely represents the Democratic electorate in the general election.Silver predicts, through meticulous exit polling data and election trends, that the citizens who cast their vote for the Democratic nominee in November will be 54 percent white, 24 percent black, 15 percent Latino / Hispanic, and 7 percent Asian. That s a pretty diverse electorate, something Democrats should take pride in.Silver also says this is why Clinton will most likely be the nominee. As Silver writes, Clinton s major wins in states like Florida and Texas are embody the  coalition  Democrats need to win:In addition to being important to the Democratic Party s electoral present and future, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina and Texas are quite diverse. They re diverse ideologically   Miami and Austin aren t exactly  the most conservative part  of the country   and they re diverse racially. They contain not only a substantial number of African-Americans but also Hispanics and, increasingly, Asian-American voters.In fact, these states are among the most demographically representative of the diverse Obama coalition that Clinton or Sanders will have to rely on in NovemberThe states whose primaries most resemble the real Democrat electorate are:One of Clinton s strengths comes from the black vote, which carried her to an impressive sweep of the South.Summed up:In other words, Clinton has won or is favored to win almost every state where the turnout demographics strongly resemble those of Democrats as a whole. This shouldn t be surprising   Clinton is winning nationally by about 14 percentage points in the popular vote. So if you re in a state that s well-representative of Democrats  national demographics, you might expect her to win it by a solid margin too.This isn t to say Sanders hasn t won some diverse states that vote Democratic   he crushed Clinton in Hawaii, and pulled off a major upset in Michigan. Should he win the nomination, he ll win virtually every demographic versus any Republican candidate   as will Clinton if she s the nominee. Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6866, CHAOS: Sarah Palin Promises To Lead GOP Revolt If Trump Denied Nomination,"Failed Republican vice-presidential candidate and reality TV star Sarah Palin is threatening to lead an open revolt at the Republican convention this fall if her candidate, Donald Trump, is not chosen as the nominee. Palin issued her threat to the party in an interview with the Associated Press:The 2008 vice presidential nominee told The Associated Press that GOP voters have the right to decide the party s nominee and will rebel if House Speaker Paul Ryan or some other  white knight  is chosen at a contested convention. Ryan said this week he will not seek or accept the nomination.Palin said voters know better than to be fooled by party leaders. How dare they?  Palin asked, denouncing  arrogant political operatives who underestimate the wisdom of the people. If party leaders try to intervene at the July convention,  we will rise up and say our vote does count, our activism does count,  she said.Palin infamously announced she was riding the so-called  Trump Train  at an event in January, praising Trump for  going rogue left and right,  allowing him to  tear the veil off this idea of the system. Her comments come as the Republican establishment continues to try to stop Trump from winning the nomination since they believe   and polling backs them up   he would be a disaster for the party in the fall against either of the Democratic candidates.Texas Senator Ted Cruz has tried to set himself up as the defacto Trump alternative, but Ohio Governor John Kasich has continued to run despite only winning one state (his home state). As a result, the anti-Trump votes have been diluted in primaries, even as Cruz operatives have worked in other party meetings to snipe as many Trump delegates away as possible.Currently Trump needs 1,237 delegates to secure the nomination. Right now he has 755, which is 210 more than Ted Cruz s 545 delegates. Trump is widely expected to win upcoming primaries in New York and Maryland, which will add to his lead.Featured image via Flickr",0
6867, This Simple Graph Blows The ‘Media Has A Liberal Bias’ Myth Completely Out Of The Water (IMAGE),"There is a popular belief among Republicans that the mainstream media is in cahoots with liberals. The theory, as they tell it, holds that liberals run the  mainstream  media, and therefore give favorable political coverage to Democrats and demonize conservatives. The belief is so common, in fact, that Fox News, the country s most watched news network is seen by many as restoring the  balance  between the two sides. Republicans have Fox and liberals have everything else   or so the thinking goes.It s a convenient fantasy if you re a Republican. If the media has a  liberal bias  then what they report is inherently suspect. When, say, reporters find that there was absolutely no evidence that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong during Benghazi, conservatives can sleep well knowing that it s just because those reporters are covering for her. If Republican lawmakers then waste millions of dollars and thousands of hours on that particular witchhunt, well that s fair game because the  mainstream  news wouldn t give Americans the full story.A new report done by social media analytics company Crimson Hexagon has taken that conservative narrative and blown it completely out of the water. Running a deep analysis of how much negative vs. positive media coverage each of the still active presidential candidates has received, the team found the exact opposite of what Fox News viewers might expect. Who has been viciously attacked the most during this campaign?Hillary Clinton.Which two candidates received the least amount of positive coverage? Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.Vox turned the data into a simple graph, and the results are startling.Crimson Hexagon looked at hundreds of thousands of online stories published since January of 2015. The data is nothing if not comprehensive. What this means for you and me is that for a year and a half now, we have been more-or-less constantly bombarded with negative stories about Democrats and less so about Republicans. On the flipside, an average American is more likely to hear a positive story about Kasich or Trump than they are about either of the two Democratic options.Trump may complain about how unfairly he is being treated, but from this analysis it s clear that the only ones with legitimate gripes are Sanders and Clinton.This  unfair and unbalanced  coverage of the election may explain why Hillary Clinton is seeing bafflingly high unfavorability polling, even while Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner, publicly endorses things like waterboarding, religious-based discrimination, and violence towards protesters. America s a sponge and it s been soaking up the negativity for years.This may come as a shock to Fox News viewers, but their  media has a liberal bias  worldview is built on a lie. How do you convince someone to watch your network and no one else s? Tell them the rest are frauds. Fox has been beating that drum so long that at this point even they can t control the conservative base any more. Chat with a Trump or Cruz supporter and you may soon learn that Fox News is  too liberal  these days. Too. Liberal.In reality, the mainstream media has very few party loyalties. The only idol they worship is that of ratings and the best ratings come when they are drumming up controversy by promoting scandal. If that means going after Donald Trump, they ll do it. But oftentimes it also means going after Clinton and Sanders for reasons that otherwise objective reporters would see almost immediately as manufactured nonsense. Recently, just to take one egregious example, the Washington Post ran a story that claimed nearly 150 FBI agents were looking into Hillary Clinton s emails. A lot of ink was spilled over it over the next 24 hours making Clinton look very bad. And then someone bothered to track down the source: It was a Republican lawmaker. The story was nothing more than a fabricated hit piece started by a GOPer looking to hurt Clinton and used an all-too-eager Washington Post reporter to do it.Reality may have a liberal bias, but news networks sure don t.Featured image via Regine Mahaux/Getty Images",0
6868, These DISGUSTING Trump T-shirts Are EXACTLY What’s Wrong With His Supporters (IMAGES),"Trump s supporters have proven time and time again that the reason they re able to stand behind The Donald with a completely clear conscience is because they re exactly like him. The pro-Trump crowd is just as Islamophobic, racist, irrational, angry, vulgar and self-involved as the Republican frontrunner himself. The majority of Trump s supporters also share another trait of Trump s   they, too, are misogynists and this couldn t have been more evident than his supporters  choice of attire at a recent rally.While at Trump s campaign event in Syracuse on Saturday, Jill Colvin of the Associated Press managed to snap a picture of this disgusting t-shirt, proudly worn and modeled by one of the candidate s young Trump bros.If you need any more convincing that the  Trump That B*tch  slogan isn t a misogynistic, disrespectful attack on women, just wait until you see what the front says:Misogyny at its finest. Not only was there a completely despicable message on the back of the shirt, but the front makes a disgraceful, tasteless reference to former POTUS Bill Clinton s infamous affair with Monica Lewinsky. There couldn t be a more immature, vile way to disrespect Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton than this.These t-shirts were being sold outside of the event, and it s shameful to think that even one person would buy one. But then again, what else can you expect from someone who believes that Trump is worthy of being the next President of the United States?These people have stood by Trump through every single one of his attacks on women. Not including Trump s extremely long (and forever expanding) history of misogyny, these morons have supported the disgraced candidate through his horrific abortion remarks that stated women should be punished for terminating a pregnancy, his unprovoked attacks on rival Ted Cruz s wife, an incident where Trump s own campaign manager threw a female reporter to the ground (and Trump did NOTHING about it), Trump s one-sided feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, his awkwardly incestuous comments about his own daughters, and so much more.These people have absolutely NO moral compass between right and wrong, and they ll do anything just to get some attention   just like Trump himself. Trump s misogynistic messages are becoming more and more terrifying, and his followers are going to stand behind him one hundred percent. The GOP has been terrorizing women forever, but Trump s particular brand of hateful rhetoric is especially dangerous. Featured image via Twitter",0
6869, College Ad Welcomes New Students And Apologizes For Their Impending Rape,"It doesn t matter how loudly Fox News protests, the fact is that there s an epidemic of sexual assault on college campuses all over America. Compounding and enabling the problem is the phenomenal resistance college administrations have to actually dealing with it. The preferred method is to intimidate the victim into silence and sweep the whole thing under the rug.But the Don t Accept Rape campaign has a much different idea:A print ad appearing in Harvard University s student newspaper on Saturday has a controversial message for students: The trauma of trying to get school administrators to take sexual assault seriously is becoming a routine part of the collegiate experience.The ad buy is timed to coincide with the school s accepted students weekend, when many high school seniors who are considering attending Harvard in the fall visit the campus. Styled like an acceptance letter that lets a prospective student know they ve been admitted, the ad makes the case that sexual assault may be one of the college memories in store for them.I imagine that Harvard s administration is none to happy about it but tough shit. If they d put more effort into treating rape victims like actual victims instead of potential embarrassments, this genius ad wouldn t be necessary:The Don t Accept Rape website also has several clever, if highly depressing, videos showing both male and female students reading their college acceptance letters explaining how they ll be sexually assaulted and then ignored or witness a rape and be pressured to keep quiet about it. I ve always been mystified by the impulse of colleges to cover up rapes on their campuses. I would think that making a huge stink about it and having law enforcement prosecute to the fullest extent of the law would be a selling point, not a potential public relations negative.But what do I know? I m just some guy on a computer and I m not being paid millions a year to protect the reputation of a school over the safety of my students.Featured image courtesy of dontacceptrape.com ",0
6870, Racist North Carolina Hospital Volunteer Loses Her Sh*t After She Meets A Black Family (VIDEO),"Republicans claim that racism doesn t exist anymore. But if that is true, why does this sh*t keep happening? An African-American man in North Carolina posted a horrifying video to YouTube that shows a crazy white lady UNLOADING on him and his family simply because they have skin darker than a freshly-bleached Klan hood. A volunteer at the Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center at Winston-Salem was captured on video screaming at Isaiah Baskins and his family when they visited the center.Before Baskins began filming, he says the woman called him a  n*gger  and ordered him to leave. At the start of the video, the woman is on the phone demanding that someone (apparently security)  come up here and TAKE THESE PEOPLE OUT OF HERE.  After she slams the phone, she begins pushing and shoving the man, who simply asks what is wrong with her, baring her teeth like someone just spilled grape juice on her freshly-washed robes just before an important cross burning. Get your damn underwear out of here,  she screams.  Gray underwear.  Apparently, the color of Baskins  underwear, which may or may not have poked above the waistline of Baskins  pants, makes him a  dirty old creep.  She demands that the family be removed because she doesn t  want to see it.  On YouTube, Baskins sums up the situation:Went to Baptist hospital for my daughter appointment and went into the family resource center and became a victim of racism before I started recording she called me a nigger and said get my black kids out We wasent bothering anybody I was just taking to someone I just met in the hospital. After i grap my camera she say my pants and gray underweare keep it real u called me a nigger and my kid little black kids. Out of no where she flips and put me and my kids out them pushes me and kicks me Racism is still real Wake forest baptist medical center.In a statement provided to FOX8, Wake Forest explained that the woman is no longer a volunteer with the organization: Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center is shocked and appalled at the behavior demonstrated by our volunteer in this video. We deeply regret this and have apologized to those affected by this behavior. This behavior does not reflect our identity or our values. This individual is no longer a volunteer with our organization.Wake Forest Baptist is dedicated to providing an inclusive environment for all, with respect, dignity and compassion. This commitment is unwavering and reinforced every day by our dedicated faculty and staff. Watch the woman s insane rant below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6871, ‘Satanic Giants Built Stonehenge’ Is Now A Thing With Creationists (VIDEO),"There are times I want to just get up from my computer, walk out of my apartment, find a cave in the woods and live there until the human race inevitably wipes itself out. After reading about this Creation scientist  expert s  scientific bat-shit insane  theory  about how Stonehenge was built, I was two miles down the road before deciding it would just be easier to sit at home and wait for the end to come.In the meantime, I will torment you with the following:Televangelist Jim Bakker invited Dr. Dennis Lindsay on to his program on Wednesday to discuss Lindsay s latest discovery in the realm of Creation Science: the truth behind Stonehenge.Hold on to your hats: Stonehenge, it turns out, was built by giants who were created by Satan.Lindsay told Bakker that these giants were tools of the devil, who seeks to destroy Israel because  he s out to destroy God s creation and his whole plan of redemption and contaminate the human race. Yes, I just deliberately inflicted permanent brain damage on you. No, you will never get those brain cells back. They re gone. Dead. Burned out for all time.After making my eyes bleed with this, it occurs to me that Creationists hate human achievement. The very idea that primitive humans could accomplish the wonders of Stonehenge or the pyramids of Egypt infuriates them. Especially if they occurred before or independent of Christianity. These bible-humping freaks have a startlingly low opinion of humanity and would prefer to believe that giants and demons were responsible instead of human ingenuity and genius.Oh, and just to get in a bit of Muslim-bashing (because of course), he referred to the mosque on the Temple Mount (one of the most holy sites in Islam) as a  squatter s hut  because why stop at being a douche when you can go all the way to  raging dickhead? Here s the imbecilic video via Right Wing Watch:The only upside to this entire story is that it made me want to listen to They Might Be Giants so there s that.Featured image via screen capture",0
6872, Berkeley Student Kicked Off Southwest Flight For Speaking Arabic (VIDEO),"A 26-year-old University of California, Berkeley student is accusing Southwest Airlines of discrimination after he was kicked off a flight because an ignorant passenger claimed he was making terroristic threats in Arabic.Khairuldeen Makhzoomi and his family came to the USA after his father, an Iraqi diplomat, was killed under Saddam Hussein s regime in 2002. He and his family fled to Jordan and lived there until the United States granted them asylum. Unfortunately, he has now experienced what it is like to live in a country that is filled with Islamaphobia thanks to the constant fear mongering from the right.Makhzoomi said that he was speaking to his uncle on the phone before his flight took off and telling him about an even he attended the night before with Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon at the Los Angeles World Affairs Council. At the end of my call I said,  Inshallah, I will call you,  and he was like,  Call me when you get home.  I was like  Inshallah, Inshallah,  which means God willing. He said that after he hung up with his uncle another passenger was staring at him suspiciously.  She kept staring at me and I didn t know what was wrong,  he explained.  Then I realized what was happening and I just was thinking  I hope she s not reporting me.  A few minutes later he was escorted from the plane after the woman claimed she d heard him say martyr  in Arabic.The student says that after he was humiliated and kicked off the flight, security searched him and the FBI spoke to him. He also says that Southwest denied him service. All because some imbecile misunderstood his language.The airline defended their actions in a statement, saying: Prior to gate departure of Flight 4260, our Flight Crew decided to investigate potentially threatening comments made onboard our aircraft. Based upon the reported comments and further discussion, our Flight Crew made the decision to deny boarding to this Customer We wouldn t remove passengers from flights without a collaborative decision rooted in established procedures. Makhzoomi is rightfully angry and expressed his frustration about the fear that has gripped this country. This is what Islamaphobia has gotten this country into,  Makhzoomi said.  Anyone can report anyone. Indeed.Since the 2001 terrorist attacks, fear of Muslims has spread through our country like a plague. And if it were even possible, it seems to have gotten worse in the last year with Donald Trump s campaign for the Republican nomination fanning the flames. The GOP frontrunner is whipping his supporters into a frenzy with ideas of banning all Muslims, opening internment camps and forcing them to carry IDs. This constant flow of hate is causing a rise in hate crimes and incidents like this. This bigotry goes against everything this country was built upon, but don t expect Trump s  poorly educated  voters to admit that.As for this latest example of Islamaphobia, Makhzoomi says he just wants an apology: All I need is an apology to say,  We are sorry we singled you out because [of] one person who felt threatened. Watch a report about the incident below:Featured image via Facebook",0
6873, Kids Hilariously Impersonate And Mock Donald Trump On Jimmy Fallon (VIDEO),"It s quite hard to laugh at what Donald Trump plans to do if he becomes president, especially since he s been winning in the polls for the Republican nomination for president. However, when kids actually say some of the crazy things Trump has said he plans to do, it all becomes hilarious. In fact, these kids actually show us how ridiculous Donald Trump actually is.Jimmy Fallon compiled videos of kids imitating some of the silliest statements Trump has made during his nightmarish run for the GOP nomination and then perfectly mocks him. In one example, a girl in a New York accent hilariously said: If you don t want to build a wall, you re a loser. Vote for Trump and make America great again. Or, you re gonna be a loser. In another skit, a Trump impersonator brags about his performance in the polls, saying: I m doing so good and I m going to win and once I win, we will win so much that everyone will be sick of winning. The funny skits genuinely prove just how ridiculous Trump s statements are when put in the context of kids saying them. The hope is that Donald Trump, along with Ted Cruz, will just be a funny memory come November.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtG3h44Ls1o] Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6874, CNN Segment Turns Into A Shouting Match As ‘Apprentice’ Alums Spar Over Trump (VIDEO),"To say that Donald Trump is a divisive figure is quite the understatement. His racism, sexism, xenophobia, and all-around assholery have been on full display ever since he announced that his candidacy for the GOP 2016 presidential nomination. At this point, even former contestants from his reality show, The Apprentice, have turned against him, and are saying so publicly. Three alumi from the show appeared on CNN in a segment with host Don Lemon on Friday night, and things quickly turned ugly, because two of the former contestants, both of whom are black men, were openly criticizing the business mogul, while a contestant who is a supporter also came on and expressed his support for Trump for president.Kwame Jackson and Randal Pinkett lit into Trump at the beginning of the segment, calling out his many frightening qualities and all the reasons he d make such a terrible president. Pinkett commented on the fact that while on the show, the contestants had no clue that Trump was such a bigoted extremist, saying: We ve seen the campaign evolve from when Donald announced and talked about Mexicans as rapists and criminals to what we ve seen more recently with the violence at his campaign rallies. We ve all grown increasingly concerned that the Donald we knew when we competed is not the Donald we know as a candidate. Pinkett continued on with his criticism, saying that while Trump continues to be the same  bombastic personality  that they came to know as their host on The Apprentice, that there s a side that has come out during his presidential campaign that they were unaware of before, saying, What we didn t see was how extreme his views have evolved as he has become a political candidate. That was when Jackson joined the fray and said what all sane people have been thinking, which is that We are bordering on the precipice of fascism. Andy Dean then spoke up as a Trump supporter, and insisted that nobody in Trump s camp is responsible for the violence at the rallies. He went on to accuse the former contestants of not being appreciative of Trump s putting them on his television show. Dean then pivoted to the go-to Trump talking point, which is that The Donald is a rich, successful businessman. Jackson, countered that remark and said,  Being rich don t make you right, Andy. The thing is, Trump s supporters, be they the backwoods, ignorant types who act as if they couldn t pass an eighth grade civics class or the rich assholes like Andy Dean, seem to be completely oblivious to how dangerous Donald Trump really is. He s a racist, a sexist, a homophobe, a xenophobe, and really just an out and out fascist. That is the LAST thing this country needs, and his rise to the top is nothing short of terrifying to those of us who see what he is doing to the nation, even without so much as securing the GOP nomination.These contestants are right. Trump needs to go. Opportunities he gave them aside, they were right to say what they said.Watch this trainwreck of a segment below, via Raw Story and Mediate:https://youtu.be/fXqjEhNopCkFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6875," Bill Maher: Tax The Churches, Why Are We Paying For A ‘Homophobic Magic Act’? (VIDEO)","It s no secret that the comedic host of HBO s Real Time, Bill Maher, is no fan of religion. In fact, it s safe to say that he really pretty much hates the practice. He is one of America s most outspoken celebrity atheists, and Friday night s edition of his show saw him once again ripping religion for the amusement of his largely secular audience. What Maher had to say this time, though, wasn t just making fun of people who believe in god(s). He actually called for the Internal Revenue Service to make these institutions pay taxes.During his  New Rules  segment, Maher began: Why, in heaven s name, don t we tax religion? A sexist, homophobic magic act that s been used to justify everything from genital mutilation to genocide. You want to raise the tax on tobacco so kids don t get cancer, OK. But let s put one on Sunday school so they don t get stupid. Maher went on to say that the fact these churches owned billions in property got him, quote,  hopping mad.  He also pointed out something that likely has most religious people either panicking or in complete denial: religious belief is largely on the decline in the United States, which is traditionally seen as the most religious country in the developed western world. In fact, the youngest generation of Americans   Millennials   largely not only aren t actively religious, but they are uncomfortable with most mainstream religion, mostly due to the homophobia, misogyny, and other harmful ideas and practices therein.Maher continued on his rant: Almost a quarter of us are being forced to subsidize a myth that we re not buying into. Why am I subsidizing their Sunday morning hobby? They don t subsidize mine. After that brilliant closer, Maher flashed a photo of himself getting high with a friend on what is presumably one Sunday morning.The thing is, Bill Maher is right. We shouldn t be subsidizing churches. These people push all kinds of horrible things, including lobbying, at least indirectly, to enshrine bigotry into law against people they believe to be  sinners.  Our tax dollars should not be spent to uphold religion. People can believe what they like, but the rest of us shouldn t be paying for it.Thank you, Mr. Maher, for another hilariously brilliant   and oh so true   monologue on the truth about the tax-free status of America s religious institutions.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:https://youtu.be/Mw8MLub4siUFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6876, This Letter From The Fed Warns Of The Next Great Recession And NOBODY Is Paying Attention,"In case you weren t paying attention: Just as George W. Bush s disaster of an administration was coming to an end the effects of his policies combined with a horrible deal pushed on Bill Clinton by a Republican congress to balance the budget caused the greatest economic collapse since the great depression. From the first signs of the housing bubble bursting in 2007 to the market crash of October 2008, we watched as financial institutions failed to cover their horrible bets hedged with credit swaps from other horrible bets, sending the global economy into a tailspin. It wasn t until March of 2009 that the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a rock bottom of 6459 points, a 54 percent loss from the day of the crash, that the economy began its slow but steady recovery.In the meantime, 401Ks were decimated. Homes purchased for $200K were worth half of that seemingly overnight The ability to pay back the loan was already suspect, as banks used the deregulation and repeal of imperative portions of Glas-Steagall to loan money to anyone applying for credit, with those debts sold for debt that was leveraged with debt and so on   until the pile collapsed in on itself. Builders who borrowed $100K to build a small spec-house were issued millions of dollars instead to build entire neighborhoods, some of which are still empty or incomplete to this day. The actual cash value of American real estate plummeted, killing a massive chunk of working and middle-class construction and service jobs.All of that because the first big bank to fail didn t have a sufficient plan to secure its debts if it needed to wind back, tighten credit and use protections in place to stay the course and weather the storm. This time, there would be none of that. This time, the people who held the country s economy hostage without even knowing it were the same ones who lost their jobs and found themselves standing there with their arms outstretched wondering what the hell just happened.For years we suffered. Our newly elected president got to preside over an economy handed to him in ruins. People who lost everything had to grit their teeth while congress handed the big banks the money to loosen the credit that had come to a halt and provide the upper class and one-percenters with the lavish lifestyles they d grown accustomed to. One would imagine that with a track record like that, the big banks would update their plan B; the drop back nine and punt with a solid strategy to cover their investments and hedge their losses should things start to tumble.According to a letter sent by the Fed and the FDIC, the agency that secures deposits with federal funds, the nation s largest bank, JPMorgan Chase, is far from the goal of being able to save itself without another catastrophic incident. An independent blog run by a former Wall Street operative and a professional publisher called Wall Street on Parade analyzed the letter and found the contents extremely disturbing:At the top of page 11, the Federal regulators reveal that they have  identified a deficiency  in JPMorgan s wind-down plan which if not properly addressed could  pose serious adverse effects to the financial stability of the United States.  Why didn t JPMorgan s Board of Directors or its legions of lawyers catch this?It s important to parse the phrasing of that sentence. The Federal regulators didn t say JPMorgan could pose a threat to its shareholders or Wall Street or the markets. It said the potential threat was to  the financial stability of the United States. That s frightening. JPMorgan is worth more than $2 trillion with $51 trillion in notional amounts of derivatives, it s total value as a leveraged asset. That means that without stop-gaps in place to catch a fall in progress, the collapse of a single bank could potentially cost more than a quarter of the value of the entire US economy. Sound familiar? What happens next is a domino effect, as JPMorgan ranks number one in  risk of contagion  to other institutions. In other words, 2008-2009 all over again far too soon for the country to put on the brakes and stop the inevitable recession and possibly depression that will follow.This is NOT a joke or an episode of Alex Jones. This is the Federal Reserve telling the kingpin that a ball is spinning in its direction and the best thing it can hope for is a seven-ten split; something for some innocent people to hold onto as the rest fall off into a dark abyss. Why hasn t the mainstream media picked up on this? Bernie Sanders is supposed to be the watchdog making sure big banks don t destroy what the people have managed to rebuild. Hillary Clinton is supposed to be all about reform, applauding Dodd-Frank and reporting that she s personally scolded Wall Street for its nefarious activity. Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, well, they re idiots. Where is CNN, ABC, and NBC? Not even the doom and gloom seekers of Fox News can remove themselves from Donald Trump s rear-end long enough to make note that even though they ruined countless lives less than a decade ago, big banks aren t taking measures to stop it from happening again.Bad things are happening downtown. Somebody really should say something.Featured image from Getty Images, modified ",0
6877, Bernie Sanders Consoles Sister Of Police Violence Victim In Emotional Backstage Discussion (VIDEO),"On April 11th, before he spoke at his rally in Albany, New York, Bernie Sanders met with local Black Lives Matter activists.  The local police department has a long history of corruption and abuse. In April 2015, Albany Police Officers killed unarmed 39-year-old Dontay Ivy. While he was walking home from an ATM they tasered him and beat him to death with police batons. Mr. Ivy was mentally ill. In the video, his aunt takes Bernie Sanders through what happened. No officers were charged in the death and a grand jury found no criminal wrongdoing because of a lack of witnesses. Allegedly the dash cams in the patrol cars were turned off. I worried about my brother all the time. I thought outside elements would hurt him. But the people who were supposed to protect him, they re the ones who hurt him,  Dontay Ivy s sister, Johnson, told Senator Sanders in tears.Bernie Sanders has lead the call for police reform in the Democratic Primaries. He was the only candidate who called for a Department of Justice investigation in December 2015 after it was announced there would be no indictment of the police officers involved. He was the only candidate who called for Mayor Rahm Emanuel to resign over his administration s overt cover up of unarmed teenager LaQuan MacDonald s death. Bernie Sanders is the only candidate who has proposed that the Department of Justice investigates every death caused by police involvement or in police custody so police departments can t cover up the incidents or protect their own from being held accountable for their actions. I got the racial profiling issues, I got it. And I got the need for police reform. What we should be doing is training police officers to deal with issues, although this doesn t seem to be a terribly difficult issue, this is not like somebody with a weapon or anything. It s a guy walking down the street, right? Going home. It s not exactly a major crime,  Bernie Sanders told the group backstage. What we don t have yet is a culture in this country that says to the police departments that lethal force, in this case using a Taser several times is a last resort, not a first resort, right? Clearly, in this particular case, it can be dealt with in a hundred different ways. The full video below, released by the Albany chapter of Black Lives Matter, shows the group s entire discussion backstage at the Washington Avenue Armory in Albany, New York. https://www.facebook.com/BLMUpstateNY/videos/1084906804903398/Featured image via Flickr",0
6878, Mainstream Media Completely SILENT As Obamacare Makes Yet Another Historic Achievement,"President Obama made history yet again by making the rate for Americans without health insurance reach another historic low. However, you wouldn t know about it because virtually none of the mainstream media have talked about it on any level.Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index was updated on April 7th with new data for the first quarter of 2016. The statistics have now been released, and it shows that the uninsured rate for American adults dropped to 11 percent, which is the lowest ever recorded in the poll s history.This unmitigated success has followed a trend since the third quarter of 2013, which is the last one before the Affordable Care Act s mandate for health insurance took effect.The graph below shows the virtual bottoming out of the uninsured rate. Considering where we were as a nation only three years ago, coupled with the stubborn resistance of many in complying with the new requirements, the results are simply amazing.Not only are the results on the uninsured rate historic overall, but the largest benefits are among African-Americans, Hispanics, adults under 34 years of age, and adults making less than $36,000 per year. If Republicans really want to  repeal every word of Obamacare  as they promise to do, it would literally make their party go extinct. Young and minority voters will be lost to Republicans for a generation or more, and doom them extinction.The Republican  plan  during the 2016 election has been more of the same. Repeal, repeal, repeal   with no plan to replace as usual. However, there has been a lot less talk of repeal as of late. Even Ted Cruz, who could have  I will repeal every word of Obamacare  chiseled on his tombstone, has been strangely silent on the issue. Votes to repeal have seemed to be drying up, and you hear hardly a peep coming from Senate Republicans on the matter these days.Perhaps the GOP has finally reached the last stage of grief   acceptance.Featured image via Getty",0
6879, These ‘Christian’ Parents Literally Want To Play The ‘My God Is Bigger Than Your God’ Game (VIDEO),"Some people just don t understand  freedom of religion  whatsoever. The First Amendment separates church from state for two reasons: to protect the church and the state. Religious Freedom is the ability to worship how you choose on your own time. However, if a public school, funded by public taxpayer dollars that is for all citizens regardless of religion, has something that puts one faith over another, that s not  freedom,  it s promoting a Theocracy.So, when the Freedom From Religion Foundation sent a letter about removing a Bible verse from a website to the Troup Independent School District in Troup, Texas   mind you, a public school district open to all   this sent many ill-informed people into a tizzy.One of those ill-informed people, who still has every right to worship her God on her time, is Brittany Taylor. Taylor is the parent of two kids that go to Troup ISD. She was beyond angry that the public school district would take down the Bible verse that read,  As Goliath moved closer to attack, David quickly ran out to meet him.  She thinks that even though public and held to the Constitution to separate any church from any state-run place, the school should be able to promote Christianity.Taylor said: We support our school fully, they kind of had their hands tied in the situation. We wanted to fight back for them. There s literally nothing to fight back about. Yet, what did she do? Make T-Shirts that read  Our God is bigger  for students, including her own children, to wear. She s literally putting out the argument that many often satirize of  my God is bigger than your God  in the clash over religion and religious freedom.Sam Grover, Freedom of Religion Foundation, said: Under the federal constitution, a government entity like a school district can t endorse one religious belief over others or religion generally over non religion. Which is exactly correct.Quite honestly, her kids should be free to wear whatever they want, but the school itself cannot and should not promote any religion. Public school is not a church, and thus not the time nor place for public worship of any God. Yet everyone is still perfectly free to worship on their own time. No one is losing any form of freedom. No one.Of course, Taylor believes she s being  told  what to do, because you know, she doesn t understand how the Constitution actually works. She said,  It will be in our children s hearts and they will not stop praising God because a group told them to.  No one told your kids not to worship. Nope. Not at all, but okay.All that these parents are doing is making a point they clearly don t need to make. But really, if you re gonna be stupid, the least you could do is leave your kids out of it.Watch the coverage of this story via KYTX: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6880, Ben Carson Really Just Compared GOP’s Nominating Rules To ‘Jim Crow Era’ Laws (VIDEO),"Ben Carson, who was once one of the more promising Republican presidential candidates before his insanity and outlandish remarks ruined his campaign, is sounding more and more like front-runner Donald Trump as the days go by.In an interview with Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC, the former candidate and loyal Trump supporter complained about the Republican National Committee (RNC) convention rules   a predictable move considering how much Trump himself has been whining about them ever since he lost every single Colorado delegate to his rival, Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Mitchell appropriately brought up the discussion, reminding the retired neurosurgeon that the RNC had been rather transparent about their nominating process, and that those rules had been in place for quite a while. Mitchell pressed Carson: The rules surrounding the delegate selection have been clearly laid out in every state and territory and while each state is different, each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it. Take note, Donald Trump is the PS, unspoken. Let s keep in mind that Trump has no one to blame but himself for not being prepared, and he made it easy for Cruz to win the state. Yet, Trump s team and his supporters are still crying foul, and Carson has been jumping on every bandwagon ever since Trump bribed him with a job in return for his endorsement and unwavering loyalty. In trying to criticize the guidelines, Carson made a startling comparison between the GOP s nominating rules and Jim Crow laws. Implying that the delegate process really was crooked and  rigged  against Trump, Carson said: During the Jim Crow era, those were the rules too. They were written everybody knew about them. Didn t make them right. And I m not saying this is the same. But, you know, I think you get the point. just because rules are there, just because they re written by somebody doesn t mean that they re right. It doesn t mean you can t review the system. There s some things we need to look at from a historical perspective. Why do we need the electoral college anymore? Stop and ask yourself, why was that put in place and do some same circumstances apply? Actually, they do not. We need to look at a lot of different things. You can watch Carson make this idiotic comment below:For Carson to compare Trump s completely fair Colorado loss to what African-Americans were forced to endure under Jim Crow is absolutely despicable. And yet, it might as well be expected of Trump and anyone who supports him  Carson isn t the only one to make this Jim Crow comparison. Another one of Trump s die-hard fans, Alex Jones,  also attacked the delegate -selection process in a similar manner. Jones said that Colorado s selection process  makes Jim Crow look like a blessing. Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
6881, Facebook Employees Asked Mark Zuckerberg If They Have A ‘Responsibility’ To Stop Trump,"Earlier this week, Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, long may he reign, praise be his name, holy is he, we bow down before him, subtly denounced racist, xenophobic hatemonger, Donald Trump, during a keynote speech at the company s annual F8 conference. While he never mentioned Trump by name, the tech god had plenty to say about Trump s nature. As I look around the world, I m starting to see people and nations turning inward, against the idea of a connected world and a global community,  Zuckerberg told the crowd. But then he targeted his verbal beatdown to Trump: I hear fearful voices talking about building walls  It takes courage to choose hope over fear. Instead of building walls we can help build bridges. Instead of dividing people we can connect people. We do it one person at a time, one connection at time. That s why I think the work we re doing together is more important than it has ever been before. Trump, and his moronic horde of jaded, hateful Teanuts, have all said these things, and worse. It takes courage to choose hope over fear,  Zuckerberg added.  People will always call you naive but it s this hope and optimism that s behind every important step forward. Zuckerberg s powerful words obviously struck a chord with employees, who voted to ask their CEO a very important question in a recent weekly Q+A: Do they have a moral obligation to stop Trump from rising to power? Gizmodo reports:Every week, Facebook employees vote in an internal poll on what they want to ask Zuckerberg in an upcoming Q&A session. A question from the March 4 poll was:  What responsibility does Facebook have to help prevent President Trump in 2017? A screenshot of the poll, given to Gizmodo, shows the question as the fifth most popular.It s not particularly surprising the question was asked, or that some Facebook employees are anti-Trump. The question and Zuckerberg s statements on Tuesday align with the consensus politics of Silicon Valley: pro-immigration, pro-trade, pro-expansion of the internet.This question could mean many things, depending on the level and nature of  help.  In the 2010 congressional elections, Facebook used its considerable influence to convince voters to show up at the polls. An estimated 340,000 extra people vote (unfortunately, not many of them were Democrats, who largely stayed home rather than perform their civic duty. Hint, hint, guys) thanks to an aggressive, one-day campaign that strong-armed users into getting off the couch to head to the polls. Could Facebook wage a similar war on Trump by utilizing a similar strategy to inform conservatives that he s the only man in recent history who chances being unfavorably compared to Hitler one day? Would such a thing be ethical, no matter the motivating reason?In 2014, the social media giant experimented with manipulating users  emotions. In a move that was widely decried by everyone the company removed either all positive or all negative posts from a good number of its users  news feeds in an effort to see how it would affect their emotions. Technically, we have all agreed to this sort of thing when we agreed to the data use policy, but no one was warned that they were part of the experiment, either. The result was as one would expect: more negative posts caused people to produce more negative posts. More positive led to more positive posts from users, and so on.Could the same be done with posts about Trump? Would showing people more negative Trump posts cause the overall sentiment   even among the most vapid who reside in Stupidville   toward Trump to shift? Could they use this method to influence voters? Once again, would it be ethical, even if it would accomplish something good? Gizmodo notes:What s exceedingly important about this question being raised and Zuckerberg s answer, if there is one is how Facebook now treats the powerful place it holds in the world. It s unprecedented. More than 1.04 billion people use Facebook. It s where we get our news, share our political views, and interact with politicians. It s also where those politicians are spending a greater share of their budgets.And Facebook has no legal responsibility to give an unfiltered view of what s happening on their network. Facebook can promote or block any material that it wants,  UCLA law professor Eugene Volokh told the publication.  Facebook has the same First Amendment right as the New York Times. They can completely block Trump if they want. They block him or promote him. Volokh says that the only way Facebook could legally overstep would be to collude with any candidate. If they were to choose to stamp out positive Trump posts, to create a blackout, they would have every legal right. If they were working with Sanders or Clinton, however, it would be a different issue: If Facebook was actively coordinating with the Sanders or Clinton campaign, and suppressing Donald Trump news, it would turn an independent expenditure (protected by the First Amendment) into a campaign contribution because it would be coordinated and that could be restricted.But if they re just saying,  We don t want Trump material on our site,  they have every right to do that. It s protected by the First Amendment. It is very clear that Facebook could take a number of actions to ensure that Trump stays as far from the White House as his fans are from reality. But, what if Zuckerberg decides the company does have a moral obligation? Unfortunately, given the secretive nature of the news feed (and their history of manipulating users), we likely won t know what, if anything, he would decide to do   at least not until after it has happened.Featured image via Getty Images",0
6882, National Republican Just Blamed Women For Assaults — Again (VIDEO),"Republican presidential candidate and current Ohio governor John Kasich made strange remarks about sexual assault during a town hall event in New York. Kasich echoed many conservatives and laid the blame on women for these crimes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8FqEIgQMW0Asked about the risk of campus sexual assault during a Friday campaign event, Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) advised a female student not to  go to parties where there s a lot of alcohol. The Republican presidential candidate was hosting a town hall in Watertown, New York when a freshman student from St. Lawrence University asked how he would help her  feel safer and more secure regarding sexual violence, harassment, and rape,  according to ABC News.Simply going to a party where there s a lot of alcohol is not any kind of excuse for a woman being assaulted. Yet conservatives, who repeatedly have denied that there is a rape culture on many college campuses, have regularly cited how women are dressed or what sort of parties they attend when addressing this vital issue.By comparison, the Obama administration launched the  It s On Us  initiative to highlight the role men have to play in stopping sexual assault on campus. Vice President Joe Biden, who helped to author the Violence Against Women Act has often served as a spokesperson for the initiative.Despite the conservative pushback, progressive groups spearheaded by women s leadership have placed campus sexual assault on the top tier of issues to be dealt with by college officials as well as elected officials at the local, state, and federal levels.Increasingly views like Governor Kasich s that put the onus of responsibility on female victims are becoming the minority, while fathers, sons, and brothers have come to realize that blame is a weak and ineffective response.Republicans have found out more often than not, that their insensitive remarks about rape, abortion, and other issues affecting women have fed into the larger story of a  war on women,  and they end up losing elections. Featured image via Pixabay",0
6883, Former ‘Apprentice’ Contestants Unite AGAINST Trump – Issue BRUTAL Statements,"When you want to learn more about what a person is really like, talk to the people they have been around a lot. It s one thing to push a persona into the spotlight that has been sculpted to how one would like to be perceived,while it is quite another to get to the truth behind the actual person.So, when half a dozen former contestants from Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump s reality show  The Apprentice  come forward to issue statements condemning the candidate, we should all probably listen. Some of those who have come forward are the winner from Season 4, Randal Pinkett alongside Kwame Jackson who was runner-up in Season 1. They are also planning a press conference.According to Bloomberg: In statements, the contestants slammed Trump s rhetoric as divisive and accused him of running a  campaign of sexism, xenophobia, racism, violence and hate. Winning Project Manager from  The Apprentice,  Marshawn Evans Daniels said: Trump is passionately and strategically reigniting a dirty and divisive culture soaked in a history of prejudice, fear and hate. It is unpatriotic, anti-American, self-serving, regressive and downright lazy. Pinkett stated: As alums of  The Apprentice,  we have had the opportunity to work with Donald in various capacities, including as employees of the Trump Organization. Based on that experience and Donald s campaign, we do not believe he is worthy of becoming president of the United States. Of course, Trump responded to these criticisms in the most Trumpian way possible, and said the group of former contestants are  six failing wannabes. He said: How quickly they forget. Nobody would know who they are if it weren t for me They just want to get back into the limelight like they had when they were with Trump. Total dishonesty and disloyalty. They should be careful or I ll play hours of footage of them individually praising me. Ask how successful they ve been since they left. Six failing wannabes out of hundreds of contestants   so sad! A statement in response that pretty much proves the former contestants point of what a hateful, vindictive person Trump is. As you may have noticed, in Trump s mind, he s never wrong. It s always someone else s fault. It s always someone else doing something to him, and never ever the other way around. This is a true sign of an egomaniacal narcissist. It s amazing that he can fit his giant, braggadocios head through any door.We need to listen to these former contestants. They ve had to work with him, and aren t afraid to tell it like it is. Donald Trump cannot be our next president. It wouldn t only be bad for the nation, but the entire world.Featured Photo by Amanda Edwards/Getty Images",0
6884, GQ Magazine: Obama Is One Of The Greatest Presidents Of Our Time,"Like Rolling Stone before them, GQ Magazine is hailing President Obama as one of the greatest presidents of our time. Calling him  20 dollar bill  great and  Mount Rushmore  great, GQ s Jim Nelson puts it plainly:Something is dawning on us it s almost too soon for us to admit, but it s there, a half-considered thought only now blooming in our brains. Maybe we dismiss it with one of those quick cognitive fly swats. Nah, too early to say or I hate that guy. But the truth is coming, and it sounds like this: Barack Obama will be inducted into the league of Great Presidents.In fact, Nelson is so confident that President Obama will be remembered as one of greatest presidents, that he predicts, in due time, Obama will overtake Clinton as the best one since FDR.Now that s a lot of confidence. But how can Nelson be certain of such a grand prediction? It s really, really simple: he got stuff done. He helped save the world and United States  economy, he signed into law Obamacare, his character was paramount in the face of unprecedented obstruction, and yes, he is the first black president. But there was one special, electrifying quality that President Obama gave us that the best of best have given us: his speeches. His ability to communicate and relate to the average American was unlike any other:With Obama, each thoughtful step of the way, from his soaring acceptance speech ( The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep ) to his epic speeches on race and religion, his responses to the shootings in Tucson and Newtown, the killing of Osama bin Laden, the opening of Cuba ( Todos somos Americanos! ),and countless other momentous occasions, he knew how to speak to our better angels at a time when it was hard to locate any angels.With his mesmerizing clout, President Obama was able to do what other before him   like LBJ, Clinton and FDR   did, and that was get things done. In an era when  getting things done  is a thing too often out of reach, President Obama overcame the odds.I agree completely with GQ   President Obama is one of the nation s finest presidents, and history will be very kind to him. As it should be.Photo by Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
6885, Israeli PM Netanyahu Quoted In Full Throated Support of Ethnically Cleansing Palestinians,"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has always advocated for the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians, but has dressed himself up as someone who wants peace, all the while continuing to steal Palestinian land for Jewish settlements and to deny Palestinians their civil and political rights on lands in which Israel controls. In a November, 1989 speech, Netanyahu said: Israel should have exploited China s suppression of the demonstrations [Tienanmen Square], at a time when the world s attention was devoted to events in that country, in order to conduct mass expulsions of the Arabs [sic] of the Occupied Territories. However, to my sorrow, they [government ministers] didn t support the policy I espoused and whose implementation I continue to recommend. Most of the world knows Netanyahu is not a peace maker. Yet, Israeli apologists will argue that if only Israel would elect someone from other  moderate  parties in Israel, then he/she would take a softer stance on Palestinians and thus peace could be achieved. However, those who believe this nonsense are naive. Israel has a deep rooted culture of ethnic cleansing that dates back to the early Zionists and it is at the very core of today s Israel.When the first Zionist delegation came to Palestine from Europe in the 19th century looking to colonize the country and create their Jewish state, they declared that the  Bride is beautiful but she s married to another man,  meaning that there was already an existing people and culture in the country   the Palestinians. However, that didn t stop the Zionists from pursuing their agenda of wanting to create a Jewish state despite the fact that 97% of the population wasn t Jewish. We must keep in mind that the ideology of Zionism advocates not only for a Jewish state but the state must be majority Jewish. Thus, a major dilemma for the Zionists was how to create a majority Jewish state in a country where the majority of the population wasn t Jewish. The answer was to bring European Jews to the country on the one hand and to pursue the policy of ethnically cleansing Palestinians on the other.That Zionist culture of ethnic cleansing came into fruition in 1948. Despite massive European Jewish immigration into the country for 50 years, the Jewish population never reached a majority, accounting for about 30% of the population. Thus, in order to attain the majority Jewish state, David Ben-Gurion, who would later become Israel s first prime minister, unleashed Operation Plan Dalet, a campaign of ethnic cleansing that saw the destruction of hundreds of villages and the forced expulsion of close to a million Palestinians out of the country. Today, they and their descendants number in the millions.In 1967, Israel conquered the remaining 20% of Palestine, taking the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Despite the fact that close to 300,000 Palestinians were ethnically cleansed, the majority managed to remain on their lands and today the West Bank s 2.5 million Palestinians are a thorn in the side of the Zionists who have been building settlements in the heart of Palestinian communities throughout the West Bank and thirst for more Palestinian land. The United Nations considers Israel s presence in the West Bank and Gaza to be illegal and their building of settlements to be in violation of the fourth Geneva Conventions. Yet, Israel continues building, confiscating lands, blowing up Palestinian property to make way for Israeli expansion and then killing Palestinians when they complain and labeling them as terrorists when they resist.Calls for the ethnic cleansing and genocide of Palestinians continues to this day. While Netanyahu is currently the prime-minister, a new generation of Israelis have called for the violent removal of Palestinians. The calls for crimes against humanity are thus not isolated to a few politicians in Israel but are at the very fabric of the ideology of Zionism and its adherents. Featured Image via Wikimedia Commons. ",0
6886, ‘Nobody Cares’: Watch Ted Cruz’s Humiliating Shun At Swanky NY GOP Fundraiser (TWEETS),"Thursday night saw the three remaining candidates for the GOP 2016 presidential nomination trying to woo high rolling donors at a swanky $1,000 per plate dinner at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Manhattan. This particular endeavor did not go well for creepy Texas Senator Ted Cruz. In fact, it was downright humiliating for him.You see, it seems that Cruz s  New York values  comment from the GOP debate when he was trying to slam Donald Trump has come back to bite him in the ass. While many people many have let the comment go, as it happened quite a few debates ago, Trump made sure that the New Yorkers at the dinner remember it clear as a bell. Trump, who spoke first, reminded the crowd, as he shamelessly used 9/11 to bolster the donors  pride in their city, as well as to slam Cruz: In our darkest moments as a city, we showed the world the very, very best in terms of bravery, heart and soul of America. These are the values we need to make America great again   to bring America together again  to heal America s wounds. To his detriment, Cruz was the last candidate to go on stage, and social media site Twitter lit up with photos and videos of the appalling lack of attention people were paying while he was speaking. There were people chatting, walking around, playing on their cell phones, and doing everything but listen to Cruz speak. Buzzfeed reporter Rosie Gray, who was at the event, tweeted: It s legitimately loud in here with people talking and eating and ignoring Cruz while he speaks. The Daily Beast s Olivia Nuzzi tweeted, It s sort of painful to watch someone speak passionately to a crowd who wouldn t even notice if he killed himself onstage,   with a picture of an attendee paying no attention to Cruz and surfing the web on his phone. Nuzzi went on to say,  Nobody cares. The Washington Post s Philip Rucker tweeted: Reaction at #nygop dinner to Cruz is embarrassing for both Cruz and the guests. Folks walking around, chatting w/ each other as he speaks. Here are shots of those tweets, complete with video:Reaction at #nygop dinner to Cruz is embarrassing for both Cruz and the guests. Folks walking around, chatting w/ each other as he speaks.  Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) April 15, 2016@Olivianuzzi @BLUIZK81 A journalist should never use ""sort of"" ever. What ""sort of"" painful is it? Kinda? Itty-bitty? a lotta? Slang is lazy  Tom Lynch (@yzest5121) April 15, 2016Cruz is speaking in the background. Nobody cares. pic.twitter.com/8wLpAkrV23  Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) April 15, 2016it's legitimately loud in here with people talking and eating and ignoring Cruz while he speaks  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) April 15, 2016 The scene as Cruz speaks at NYC GOP Gala pic.twitter.com/Pwx8I0Ci25  Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) April 15, 2016To get an idea of how hard it is to hear Cruz at this NY GOP dinner pic.twitter.com/0r7XckAXmB  Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) April 15, 2016Let it suffice to say that it looks like Ted Cruz can give up any hope he might have had of winning the New York GOP primary. Seriously, this is proof that nobody cares about him.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6887, Five Women Donald Trump Allegedly Slept With And How They Utterly Humiliated Him,"Donald Trump obviously has a knack for purchasing beautiful women. His first wife, Ivana, was a model from the Czech Republic who was famous for gaudy accessories and over-spending. Trump cheated on her and eventually married Marla Maples, who may have actually loved him for some reason but grew tired of him and moved on with a good chunk of his money. His current wife, Melania, is yet another Eastern European model who loves the lavish lifestyle he provides for her.In between the women who have allowed him to buy them, after the millions of dollars in divorce costs, Trump has always declared himself something of a ladies man. He and his ahem giant hands have been telling stories of his conquests for decades. The problem is, just like everything else about Trump, the stories are mostly exaggerations, outright lies or rumors that he enjoyed a little bit too much to dispel in good conscience like a decent human being. Go figure. Here s a list of five of the famous women Donald Trump has lied about dating and how they humiliated him when they had made his list:The former Olympic champion ice-skater was 41-years-old and happily married when her supposed affair with The Donald happened. After The New York Daily News reported her as a possible Trump fling, she felt she needed to respond since Trump decided not to dispel the rumor: The reason I m going public with my outrage over this allegation is that I had hoped that Donald Trump would issue his own statement of the rumor being completely unfounded, and that has not happened quickly enough,  she said.  I ve been around Donald Trump four times in my life. I wouldn t even call him a good friend. Ouch. Even though that happened in 1990, you just know it still stings the orange man s ego.The Dynasty Star who played Princess Diana in two TV movies told People that there was no truth at all to the rumors she and Trump were an item. Again Trump remained silent, allowing himself to be associated with yet another beautiful woman far out of his league: [He s] a complete joke as far as I m concerned. I hardly know the man,  Oxenburg told People in 1990.And another one down. No wonder he allowed his actual affair with Maples to go public. His reputation was taking a severe beating.The cosmetics mogul refused to give any credence to the rumor she and Trump were a thing, dispelling it with a simple  I don t know what you re talking about,  when asked by People. Trump never attempted to call her out, because the rumors he allowed to continue were obviously not true.The prominent swimsuit model and wife of NHL star Ron Greschner never bothered to answer the allegations she was into Trump. She allowed her manager, Steve Gutstein, to do it for her instead: Donald Trump is a fortunate man, but he s not that fortunate. That s another one that had to just hurt. Trump could very well have avoided all of the humiliation by telling the truth about these rumors when they happened   or by not starting them if he was the source   but he instead rode the wave of ignorance that has carried him towards the Republican nomination 26 years later.The socialite and designer who was married to Trump s billionaire acquaintance Henry Kravitz (it s a well-established fact that Trump doesn t have friends), said the rumors were  ridiculous.  She added,  I m married to the greatest man in the world.  Those are words Trump has probably heard quite often himself   after he buys something extravagant.To his credit, there was one rumor Trump decided to debunk on his own. In the prime of Mike Tyson s career, Trump was accused of a fling with Robin Givens. It s not too difficult to figure out why. Featured image From Getty Images, modified",0
6888, Cliven Bundy’s Cows Are Starving To Death Because He’s A Greedy Jackass,"Because he was such a greedy prick that decided that profiting was more important than smart conservation and management of resources, Cliven Bundy s herd of cows is rumored to be facing starvation: Since the early 1990s, cattle have been left to fend for themselves in the desert after Cliven Bundy, a private rancher, lost his privilege to graze on federal public lands that belong to all Americans. This once-small herd of around 150 animals has grown to hundreds or more over the course of 20+ years and now badly exceeds the ability of the land to feed and nourish them. They range over an immense area about half the size of the state of Rhode Island. While the area is large, it only receives about 4 inches of precipitation a year and vegetation is very sparse. Once upon a time, the west was wild and cattle ranchers let their cows do whatever the hell they wanted. And what cows want to do is eat. And eat. And keep eating until there s nothing left. This is called  overgrazing,  and it s really REALLY bad for both the land and the cows. If you eat all the grass, it stops growing and the dirt blows away (Think  Dust Bowl ). And then it takes a very long time (if ever) for the grass to come back which means the cows go hungry.The ranchers, being all rugged and individualistic, originally thought that they could keep a handle on it. After all, the ranchers knew that overgrazing was bad so they would have an incentive to conserve the commons.But then the ranchers learned that even though people as a group were smart enough to conserve, there was always individual assholes that would take advantage of the situation. They would let their herd graze an area to death s door and then move on to do it somewhere else, getting rich off of hogging the resources that was supposed to be shared by everyone.Enter the Bureau of Land Management. These awful evil big government types exist to keep the aforementioned assholes in check. What bastards!Of course, this infuriates people like Bundy who only see dollar signs and to hell with everyone else:Rob Mrowka, a senior scientist with the center, said by phone that Bundy had given up his grazing rights in 1993 and simply let his cows loose to reproduce, leading to the situation where hundreds are starving now. .Normally areas of the range are rotated for grazing, with periods of rest to let it grow back, but Mrowka said the cattle  are there 24/7, 365 days.This is why Bundy was forever letting his cows go onto public land to eat OUR grass for free. Why worry about keeping your own land in good condition when you can make money by stealing the resources (grass is a staple food source for cows, making it a resource) from the public?In the process, Bundy is destroying the habitat of the endangered desert tortoise, but so what? He was making a hefty amount of money and that s all that mattered to him.This sense of entitlement and narcissism is why he s rotting in jail and will probably be there for the rest of his life. So sad.Meanwhile, now we have to deal with his starving cows before they actually start to die. Letting them suffer is unconscionable. We just have to hope that no one starts shooting at the federal agents that go to round them up before it s too late.Featured image of a random starving cow via Getty ",0
6889, Watch Bill O’Reilly Lose It After A Fox News Poll Delivers Terrible News For The GOP (VIDEO),"Bill O Reilly refused to believe the findings of a poll conducted by his own news organization on Thursday night, because it was simply too bad for him to contemplate. According to the poll, Democraict candidate Bernie Sanders would beat ALL current GOP contenders for President.While endorsing all other sections of the poll, which supported his views, O Reilly flat out loses it with the section which doesn t. The section shows that that Sanders beats Trump by 14 points, Ted Cruz by 12 points, and narrowly defeats John Kasich by 4 points.  It s also not the first poll to show this sort of result.Nevertheless, O Reilly wasn t willing to tolerate such information, which flies in the face of his own views on the electability of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. He appeals to his fellow Fox News veterans Geraldo Rivera and Dana Perino to join him in denouncing the results. Rivera immediately obliges, calling the findings:  pie in the sky,  while Perino makes sympathetic noises.But it s not enough to quell the perplexed O Reilly, who turns to camera saying: I don t believe it, And I have to say, with all due respect the Fox News poll has been good I don t believe this. I just don t. The incident is a perfect example of the phenomenon known as cognitive dissonance. As Chris Mooney explains in Mother Jones:the concept of cognitive dissonance has been well established in psychology and even, to some extent, embedded in public consciousness. Basically, when the mind is faced with an idea that is threatening to one s identity or sense of self an idea that induces unpleasant dissonance one tends to try to either avoid the thought or, perhaps, reinterpret it into something unthreatening or positive.This urge is also known to affect conservatives to a far greater degree than liberals.This doesn t mean every conservative is less likely to open their minds to information which challenges their world view than every liberal, it simply follows the overall trend.It is a major obstacle in the way of liberals seeking to change the minds of conservatives, as whichever way they appeal   it is rejected. If liberals appeal in terms of reason and evidence   their case is rejected the moment it creates cognitive dissonance. However, if liberals move into more emotive arguments, these are often rejected on the basis of confirming to  naive idealism  stereotypes by conservatives. So liberals are painted as either policy wonks with no humanity, or airy fairy liberals with no common sense.Meanwhile, the most ridiculous arguments put forward within the normalised conservative worldview go unchallenged, requiring minimal or no evidence, such as Mexico paying for Trump s border wall for example. Mexico has stated on the record this will not happen, and yet it remains fact among Trump supporters. There is little doubt that if the Fox poll had shown Donald Trump or Ted Cruz beating Sanders and Clinton in a head-to-head   O Reilly would have considered it water tight.This is something for us to all watch in our own behavior. Do we demand the same level of evidence for arguments that conform to our world view, as those which do not? If the answer is no, then we are no better. If we want a cleaner, better politics   it starts with us. Featured image via Screengrab",0
6890, 81-Year-Old Cuban Run Over By Racist A$$hole,"Florida continues to lead the nation in head shaking insanity after 81-year-old Luis Angel Dominguez, affectionately known to his neighbors as  Papi,  was deliberately run and killed over by a 26-year-old after an argument.As reported by the Washington Post:According to Broward County police, Dominguez and a younger man got into an argument at Everglades Holiday Park on Wednesday night. The younger man, whom police have identified as 26-year-old Kyle Christopher Hannover, was at the park fishing when he allegedly started yelling racial slurs at Dominguez and threw a rock at Dominguez s car.Hannover then allegedly got into his Ford Ranger truck and drove directly toward Dominguez, striking him. He was completely rolled over from the suspect s car and trailer,  a witness told ABC.  When I called 911 it was,  No ambulance.  It was,  Get a trauma chopper out here as quickly as possible. Unsurprisingly, Hannover has a history of violence. In 2015, he was arrested and for allegedly threatening his girlfriend with a shotgun. Considering how disturbed he is, it s amazing that she survived long enough for him to be arrested. As a result of his threats, his guns were confiscated as part of his plea deal this past March. I can only assume that s why Hannover didn t simply shoot Dominguez instead of sadistically running him over.The cause of the fight is unclear and, honestly, is irrelevant. There is literally no justification for a 26-year-old to run over a senior citizen in a rage. The only upshot to this entire incident is that Hannover will probably be about the same age when he gets out of prison.His step-granddaughter Damaris Riveron expressed her gratitude to the police: We re extremely happy there has been an arrest, Thank you to the police department for all of their hard work and for everyone who contributed. Domiguez is survived by his wife, his children and his grandchildren.Featured courtesy of Vivian Sanchez",0
6891, Maddow DESTROYS Trump’s ‘Dangerous’ Move In His Most Hateful Campaign Stop Yet (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is running a campaign that does nothing but tap into the hateful underbelly of American populism. However, this time, it seems the guy has gone to a new low, when nobody believed it possible. Rachel Maddow took Trump to task for a disturbing campaign stop he made in Suffolk County New York   which just happens to be where a Latino immigrant was murdered in an anti-immigrant hate crime. The crime happened in November 2008, just as we were electing President Barack Obama for the first time.Maddow says of Trump s decision to stop there: In presidential politicking, symbolism is a deliberate choice. And racial provocation is something with a deep and resonant history. It is one thing to do that as a small-fry politician; it is another thing to do it as a front-runner for a major party s presidential nomination. Being a presidential front-runner is a powerful thing. It can also be a dangerous thing if you want it to be. Trump chose to stop in Patchogue, New York, right near where 37-year-old Marcel Lucero was murdered by a gang of racist teenagers. One of the teens, Jeffrey Conroy, is currently serving 25 years in prison for manslaughter. The prosecution also got him convicted of a hate crime. Further, it was discovered, aftr Lucero s death and the reasoning behind it came to light, that it was just the most brutal in a long line of attack on Latino immigrants. Maddow continued: Patchogue s history of racist and fatal hate crimes against Latino immigrants is not necessarily a nationally-famous story. But it is a New York-famous story. Donald Trump has not yet won the Republican nomination   he s still trying to win the New York primary   but campaigning in Patchogue today on the street where Marcelo Lucero was murdered, it means something specific in New York. Now, considering what happened at that site and considering Trump s heavy, divisive, and dangerous anti-immigrant rhetoric, there can be no questions what kind of message the current GOP frontrunner was trying to send with that particular campaign stop, and it is a dangerous one.If even one immigrant winds up being attacked by a Trump supporter after this, The Donald himself needs to be held responsible.Watch the video below, courtesy of MSNBC. The Trump remarks start at 11:43.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6892, Watch ‘Donald Trump’ Hilariously Push Cruz To Booze On The Tonight Show (VIDEO),"With all the candidates from both parties in New York preparing for the primary next Tuesday, it s no surprise that they are making the late night talk show rounds. Appearing on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, Ted Cruz  got a call  from  Donald Trump  offering him advice for the show appearance, and questioning him about some of his policy positions.As crazy as Cruz is, the sketch actually turned out pretty funny with digs being taken at both the GOP candidates. One of the funniest moments was when Cruz mentioned that the party is starting to unify behind him, yet Trump cut in to remind Cruz that the party is also unifying behind himself   unifying against him. Which is becoming more and more obvious as the weeks and months go by leading up the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio.When  Trump  questioned Cruz on his  New York values  remark, Cruz responded by saying that what he meant to say was that he  values New York,  but he was just speaking like Yoda from Star Wars.At one point in the sketch Trump was offering Cruz some advice on how to get around New York. When Trump asked the Texas senator if he was writing it down, Cruz responded in the affirmative, but then pulled out a bottle of booze, poured himself a glass, and then took a sip. Something that likely needs to be done while speaking with the actual Donald Trump, or for that matter, Cruz as well.All in all, no matter how much you may loathe Cruz, and if you re like me you loathe Cruz, it was still a pretty damn funny sketch with Fallon s Trump getting better and better. However, hopefully after November we won t need to see him play the Republican frontrunner anymore, because a Democrat is going to win.Watch the silly sketch here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6893, North Carolina ‘Christian’ Left Death Threat As ‘Tip’ For Gay Waitress,"Recently, North Carolina passed dangerous legislation that blocked anti-discrimination ordinances. Many have expressed fears that the new legislation, which arose in response to the city of Charlotte taking steps to ensure that the LGBT community would enjoy equal protection under the law, would embolden the more extreme segments of the alleged  Christian  population to act out their hateful fantasies. Unfortunately, any who feared this may be the case were correct.On Tuesday, one group of Christian bigots proved the need to establish anti-discrimination laws when they left a chilling note for a lesbian waitress at a Charlotte restaurant   a death threat in the form of a Bible verse.Alexandra Judd, a waitress at Zada Janes, says that the group of stand-up, God-fearing individuals showed their Christian love by leaving the disturbing note in lieu of a tip. Instead of $3.45, the customary 15% tip on a $23 order, they simply wrote  Lev. 20:13. This verse is special among religious bigots, and it is often used to allow them to express their hatred and even threaten people while  excusing their actions by claiming they are simply exercising their First Amendment right to religious expression. If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination,  the verse reads.  They shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them. In other words, the group of loving  Christians  told the waitress she should be executed   something that might land anyone else in jail if they said that sort of thing to a random person on the street. But, since they were just expressing their  religious freedom,  this sort of horrific statement typically gets a pass in our society. Praying for you,  the Christians added at the bottom   a statement that often accompanies this sort of violent and hateful expression. I never expected a hateful gesture like this,  Judd said.  I ve had a guest leave me a pamphlet to their church as a tip one time, but I didn t feel as if they were being hateful towards me. The ladies that came in were very rude, and would hardly talk to me   but I never expected this. I ve heard of people leaving fake money, or writing funny stuff in the tip spot of a check but never believed it would happen to me, in the way that it did,  she added.Christians often leave fake $20 bills (and other denominations) to trick servers into thinking they have received a great tip. When the server unfolds the bill, he or she discovers a Bible verse. This is horrible, especially given the low wages in the service industry and the unfortunate fact that waitstaff often depend on tips to survive, but nor nearly as bad as a thinly-veiled death threat.Despite what could easily be called a hate crime if North Carolina did not enact legislation to protect the Faithful who choose to do this sort of thing, Judd remains resilient. I don t care what anyone says, this is the most disrespectful thing you can do,  she wrote on Facebook.  Don t pray for me darling, I have everything I could possibly want and need in my life. Unfortunately, the bigot who left that note is severely lacking something in her life   love for her fellow humans. It is unclear if this  Christian  will act on her threat, but we hope not.Featured Image via screengrab",0
6894, Hillary SLAMS CNN For Ignoring One Of The Most Important Issues In The Election (VIDEO),"At the Democratic presidential debate on Thursday night, Hillary Clinton brought the event to a complete standstill as she called out the CNN debate moderators for ignoring and downplaying the critical issue of abortion. The debate had gone on for nearly an hour and a half by the time Clinton made her statement, and the vital woman s health issue had gone unmentioned, as it mostly has for all the previous debates.Clinton wasn t having it, and she let loose: We ve not had one question about a woman s right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question,  Clinton said.  And in the meantime we have states, governors doing everything they can to restrict women s rights. We have a presidential candidate by the name of Donald Trump saying that women should be punished and we are never asked about this. The statement was greeted with loud applause and cheers.Clinton noted the issue  goes to the heart of who we are as women, our rights, our autonomy, our ability to make our own decisions, and we need to be talking about that and defending Planned Parenthood from these outrageous attacks.  Senator Bernie Sanders added that as president he would  take on those Republican governors who are trying to restrict a woman s right to choose. Unfortunately, on the Republican side, abortion has come up as a topic of discussion. Donald Trump said that under a scenario in which abortion had ideally become illegal, there would need to be some sort of mechanism in place to punish women who have undergone the procedure. At the same time, Senator Ted Cruz has been campaigning alongside anti-abortion extremists who have spoken out in favor of anti-abortion terrorists. And Cruz is on record as opposing abortion in all circumstances, even in the case of a pregnancy caused by rape or incest, provisions which past anti-choice Republicans have even given in on.Featured image via YouTube",0
6895, Oops! Trump’s Top Surrogate Can’t Even Vote For Him – Because He’s a Democrat (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has had a hell of a week having to accept that his closest friends and loved ones are abandoning him in his mission to single-handedly destroy America.Earlier this week, Trump s own kids   Ivanka and Don   broke the news that they won t be voting for their father in the primary. Today, another harsh blow was delivered to Trump   his top surrogate, Michael Cohen, has just revealed that he won t be voting for the business mogul either   because he s actually registered as a Democrat!Cohen made this confession on Thursday night to CNN hosts John Berman and Kate Bolduan, who were absolutely shocked by this news. In speaking about RNC chair Reince Priebus and the nominating process, Cohen let it slip that he wasn t really on Trump s side after all. Cohen, who is actually the executive vice-president of the Trump Organization, complained about the so-called  rigged  delegate rules and said: I think Reince Priebus has an obligation not just to the RNC but really to the American people.  . He s supposed to keep the Republican Party unified. That s what his job really is. And he s not doing that, and he s doing a terrible job at it. Do I personally, as a voter, as a supporter of Mr. Trump, believe that the process is rigged? I do. I think that the   establishment does not want Mr. Trump to be the nominee. Me, personally, I m actually a registered Democrat. So I don t really care about Reince Priebus. Berman and Bolduan hardly expected this response and freaked out. Berman cried, Wait! You can t vote?!   and Bolduan did a double take, asking,  You re not voting for Donald Trump?! Cohen pretty much dismissed their questions and simply replied,  Not in the primary. Amused, Berman recalled how strange it was that Trump s biggest so-called supporters wouldn t actually be supporting him at all. Berman said, So his kids can t vote, and you can t vote in the primary. Cohen tried to cover up how baffling the entire situation was by launching into a bizarre conversation about how he wished Trump could be his father. Cohen said: Well, I d like to be one of his children. I d like to be one of them, but no, I m not voting in the primary. I m a registered Democrat. Berman still couldn t get over how the candidate s own family and supporters wouldn t be voting for him. Berman shook his head and said: Man, he s losing votes from his family and the people who work for him. Then, in a rant ignorant enough to be mistaken for something Trump himself might say, Cohen dismissed Berman s concerns and claimed that Trump didn t need those votes anyway. Cohen, who previously supported Obama in 2008, bragged: You don t have to worry about Mr. Trump. He s polling at 50 plus percent. This is his hometown. You can watch this ridiculous interview below: Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
6896, Trump Just Sunk Himself In Pennsylvania With This Gaffe About A Child Sex Scandal,"Trump made a visit to the Keystone State in an effort to bolster his numbers for the upcoming Pennsylvania Republican primary election. While there, he managed to prove just how utterly CLUELESS he is about literally anything that happens in the state in two very huge ways, which you will see below.First came Trump s incredibly outdated remark about bringing back the steel industry s lost jobs to the state. Pennsylvania had a long history of major steel manufacturing, but the majority of it was lost decades ago. The jobs literally have been gone in many areas of the state for more than 20 years, and Trump thinks that him arguing with China will bring them back.As a Pennsylvanian myself, I can tell you it s really something that blue-collar and middle-class people do not forgive easily. Making what amounts to an ignorant mockery of an issue that many in the state still feel betrayed over due to massive outsourcing of industry from America, will hit Trump badly   especially among his somewhat aged voter demographics that lived through those days of economic collapse.If you thought that was bad, you haven t seen anything yet. Trump then went on to say something even more offensive about Penn State Football.Trump asked people at the gathering,  How s Joe Paterno? Are we gonna bring that back? How about that whole deal? The silence afterwards could have been cut with a hatchet.Here is just a short list of what s wrong with Trump s statement. Joe Paterno died in 2012. We won t be bringing him back. That  whole deal  Trump is talking about is a child sex scandal that was covered up within the Penn State football program, where a member of the staff was literally having sex with children on campus property. Joe Paterno was forced out over it.Literally EVERYONE in PA knows this. Penn State football is like a religion to many in the state, and for Trump to say what he did shows how ignorant he is about Pennsylvania. Insulting Penn State football is something literally nobody ever did in order to win an election in the state. I can t wait to see how this turns out for him on primary day. What a joke.Watch Trump suggest he wants to bring back a child sex scandal below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6897, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Join Forces To Sue Arizona For Voter Suppression,"While the New York primary election has unleashed harsh sentiments from both the Sanders and Clinton campaigns, it appears that the two are putting their differences aside to join forces in suing Arizona over its suppressive tactics with regards to voting in March.According to the Washington Post, the suit will focus exclusively on Maricopa County, where citizens had to wait as long as seven hours to vote due to a drastic cut in polling locations   from 200 in 2012 down to 60 this election.The suit accuses Arizona officials of launching a massive effort to suppress the vote, saying the  alarmingly inadequate number of voting centers resulted in severe, inexcusable burdens on voters countywide, as well as the ultimate disenfranchisement of untold numbers of voters who were unable or unwilling to wait in intolerably long lines. The suit also singled out the fact that black, Hispanic and Native American voters were especially burdened, and will ask the Court to  review the polling location plan for the November election  to ensure that mass disenfranchisement doesn t happen again.The suit is being filed in the US District Court in Phoenix by Marc Elis on behalf of the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the Arizona Democratic Party and individual Democratic leaders in the state. After it s filed. both the Sanders and Clinton campaign will sign on.Elias is a member of Clinton s general counsel and is a prominent DC elections lawyer, who formally worked a general counsel position with John Kerry and Al Franken. Elias also was a litigator on voting rights and redistricting lawsuits in Virginia, Ohio, Nevada, Minnesota, New York, Wisconsin, Texas, Florida and North Carolina.A Department of Justice investigation is currently underway, a move lobbied by the Democratic mayor of Phoenix Greg Stanton.When Democrats join forces, this what happens   they tackle the issues that effect average Americans who want to get ahead and be a part of the process. While Republicans openly celebrate suppressing the vote, Democrats want to expand it.Perhaps Democrats should do a little less fighting and a little more unifying like we re seeing in Arizona.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6898, Sarah Palin Humiliates Herself By Picking A Fight With Bill Nye: He’s ‘As Much A Scientist As I Am’,"After learning that Bill Nye had been very publicly demolishing her new climate change denial movie, Sarah Palin lashed out at the beloved science communicator with the ultimate insult   saying he s as dumb as she is.In what might be the most mismatched battle of intellect in history, Palin and Nye have recently gone toe-to-toe over an upcoming documentary meant to prove climate change is a lie called  Climate Hustle.  The film is produced by infamous right-wing climate denier Marc Morano and is billed as the long-awaited  response  to Al Gore s Oscar-winning An Inconvenient Truth. Palin, a woman whose catchphrase is  Drill, baby, drill  is the film s chief promoter.For a brief moment it appeared that Nye would actually get a chance to debate Palin over climate science face-to-face, however the deal quickly fell through. The two sides have been trading barbs online ever since. Nye seemingly put the matter to rest with a final Facebook post in which he explained: Marc Morano did not invite me to his movie but he said I refused to come after he did invite me   he was making that up,  Nye said in a video posted on his Facebook page. It s disingenuous, at best. Morano did interview Nye and a clip in which he humiliates himself by refusing to put his money where his mouth is with a simple $20,000 bet quickly went viral.Never one to know when to keep her mouth shut, Palin has now jumped into the fray and hilariously tried to attack Nye s credibility by comparing it to her own.As The Hill caught at an event on Capitol Hill:Palin, the former governor of Alaska and the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate, said the man known for his show  Bill Nye the Science Guy,  is using his position of authority to harm children by teaching them that climate change is real and man-made.Palin said behind the  alarmism  that the climate is changing is a  predetermined  and political agenda  of those, I think, who are controlling the narrative right now on changes in the weather. The irony of a half-term governor and now reality television star criticizing Bill Nye for his science credentials is rich. And while Nye doesn t currently work as a research scientist, he received a Bachelors of Science from Cornell in mechanical engineering and spent his early career teaching astronomy and ecology courses at the college level. Furthermore, he s been honored with dozens of prestigious awards for his work at being an effective communicator of science (a job that is sorely needed). He s dedicated his life to passing along oftentimes complex scientific ideas in a way that is digestible and fun.In terms of climate science, Nye isn t a leading authority doing the cutting edge research   but he listens to the people who are. Palin, of course, hasn t bothered to listen to a scientist once in her career. Instead, she s latched onto Morano, a man who viciously smeared respected climatologists to push his climate denial agenda. Before being humiliated by Nye during his own interview, Morano s last claim to fame was appearing on Fox News to complain that Google was unfairly discriminating against his articles by fact-checking them.Who would you trust?Featured image via Getty ",0
6899, Fox News Will NEVER Be Able To Say ‘Fair And Balanced’ Again After What Hannity Just Did (AUDIO),"There is a saying    In Politics, a gaffe is when you accidentally tell the truth.  With that in mind, Sean Hannity just committed the most epic of gaffes during his own radio show when he forgot everything and admitted the truth about not only himself but Fox News as well.The issue being discussed was Hannity s softball interviews with Donald Trump. While most of the Republican establishment are doing everything they can to stop Trump, Hannity has been practically turning over his own show to Trump for his propaganda purposes in every interview he conducts with him.Hannity has gotten some recent blowback on this behavior and took it VERY personally. It got him so worked up and upset, that in a moment of anger-fueled honesty he blurted out,  I m not a journalist!  Well, look who hit the final stage of grief   acceptance.Sean finally admitted the thing he s been denying for years; the fact that he s nothing but a screaming loser who has as much journalistic ability as a rotten egg. I ll be honest, if I m interviewing Hillary Clinton, it s going to be 100 times harder than any Republican, because I believe the Republicans have a far better vision, one that I agree with. I just have less disagreement with them. I m not a journalist, I m a talk show host. Fair and Balanced?   The hell you say!It surely has to be uncomfortable for the Fox News executives in charge of Hannity to be put into this pickle. He s a huge cash cow for them, yet now he s admitting that not only himself   but Fox News by extension in their employment of him   are nothing but hacks stirring a huge stinking pot of propaganda stew that they force feed gullible Americans every night.Listen to Hannity destroy that final scrap of his credibility below:Featured image via youtube screen capture",0
6900, Hillary’s ‘Environmental Justice’ Plan Is The Kind Of Kick Ass Policy We’ve Been Waiting For,"On Wednesday, Democratic presidential candidate and front runner Hillary Clinton released a clear and very detailed plan for dealing with the epidemic of lead and toxic waste poisoning that is affecting millions of Americans, many of them poor and/or minorities:Exposure to pesticides and chemicals has been linked to childhood cancer, and the likelihood of such exposure can depend on where children live. For example, in the Manchester neighborhood of Houston, which is 85 percent Latino and where 27 schools are within one mile of a high-risk chemical facility, children who attend public schools are 56 percent more likely to get leukemia than those who live 10 miles away.Simply put, this is environmental racism. And the impacts of climate change, from more severe storms to longer heat waves to rising sea levels, will disproportionately affect low-income and minority communities, which suffer the worst losses during extreme weather and have the fewest resources to prepare.Undoubtedly, this will be sneered at as pandering but since Clinton s strongest supporters are, in fact, minorities and the poor, the word  constituents  seems more appropriate.The title of the blueprint is Hillary Clinton s Plan to Fight for Environmental and Climate Justice, and contains several concrete steps that are guaranteed to leave corporate polluters foaming at the mouth:Here, Clinton cites the man-made disaster unfolding at Flint, Michigan in which (insanely) no one broke any existing laws, a judge giving polluters in West Virginia a slap on the wrist and Donald Blankenship receiving only 1 year of jail for killing 29 miners by ignoring safety regulations. Each example is a case of the system coddling corporate criminals and throwing the public s health and safety under the bus.Here s the solution:Clinton will work with Congress to update our environmental, public health, and safety laws by enhancing the criminal provisions of the Safe Drinking Water Act, adding criminal provisions to the Lead Disclosure Rule, improving the lead inspection standards of the Renovation, Repair and Painting Rule, and increasing the penalties for violations of the Mine Safety and Health Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act so that they are felonies that carry the possibility of serious jail time.In other words, no more free passes to corporations that poison us to make a little more profit. Big government? Damn right it is! We formed a government to protect us from the depredations of the rich and powerful. It s about time it started to take that responsibility seriously.America has a serious infrastructure problem. Specifically, Republicans have stopped allowing us to keep our infrastructure from crumbling. Why? Because infrastructure spending, while vitally important, is also really REALLY good for local economies. You can t outsource replacing old pipes so all of that money spent goes right into the economy instead of the pockets of a few multinational corporations.Republicans also don t care because rich communities don t suffer from this problem:Aging and inadequate wastewater systems discharge more than 900 billion gallons of untreated sewage a year, posing health risks to humans and wildlife, disrupting ecosystems, and disproportionately impacting communities of color. Clinton has a $275 billion plan to invest in modernizing American infrastructure, including drinking and wastewater infrastructure, and will work with states, municipalities, and the private sector to bring our water systems into the 21st century and ensure that all Americans have access to clean, safe drinking water.That s $275 billion to make our drinking water clean again AND help the economy at the same time. Republicans will fight it but how much more political damage can they take? Is blocking clean water for children really a hill to die on?Flint is not the only place to suffer from lead poisoning and drinking water is not the only way to get it. Old schools and buildings still have lead paint, placing children at risk:The ongoing tragedy in Flint has put a spotlight on the urgency of this crisis, but Flint is not alone. More than 535,000 children are poisoned by lead in the United States, and children of color are more likely to be poisoned than white children.Clinton is pledging $5 billion just in federal spending to deal with this blight. And, again, as a bonus, all of that money spent goes right into the local economy. .There s (a lot) more and it s just as well thought out. I encourage you to read the entire thing, it s fantastic. From expanding public transportation to investing heavily in green energy, Clinton has developed a comprehensive strategy to dealing with several major issues confronting America. This is the kind of leadership we can expect from someone who s spent a lifetime serving the public and something we can all get behind.Featured image via Getty ",0
6901," When Asked What His Favorite Bible Lesson Is, Trump Settles On The One With Facial Mutilation","Of all the biblical teachings Donald Trump could choose from, the Republican front-runner landed on the one best known for telling people to be vindictive.Donald Trump was a guest on WHAM 1180 AM when he got a question that by now he should have prepared for and somehow still clearly hasn t: What s your favorite Bible verse? Trump s flailing response speaks volumes.When host Bob Lonsberry asked him what passage particularly  informed  his character, Trump stumbled around before finally landing on  eye for an eye. Well, I think many. I mean, when we get into the Bible, I think many, so many. And some people, look, an eye for an eye, you can almost say that. That s not a particularly nice thing. The adage goes that crimes should be punished by committing an equally severe punishment on the transgressor. If a victim loses an eye, then the assailant should have his ripped out. Notably, the New Testament is steadfastly against this form of justice. Even worse, Trump may very well think the founder of Christianity was weak for not agreeing with him. Jesus Christ famously condemned the practice and instead suggested people learn to turn the other cheek. You have heard that it was said,  AN EYE FOR AN EYE, AND A TOOTH FOR A TOOTH.  But I say to you, do not resist an evil person; but whoever slaps you on your right cheek, turn the other to him also. The  eye for an eye  model isn t even unique to Judeo-Christian tenets. Long before Judaism, the Sumerians were doing the same. Needless to say, in the intervening thousands of years, legal codes and moral philosophers have evolved beyond this crude form of punishment. It seems part of Making America Great Again means rewinding ethical progress by about 4,000 years.During his interview he pivoted from the Bible to saying America is an embarrassment for not being more vengeful. If you look at what s happening to our country, I mean, when you see what s going on with our country, how people are taking advantage of us, and how they scoff at us and laugh at us. And they laugh at our face, and they re taking our jobs; they re taking our money; they re taking the health of our country.And we have to be firm and have to be very strong. And we can learn a lot from the Bible, that I can tell you. Astonishingly, this isn t even the first time Trump has gotten a softball religious question and managed to strike out. Earlier, he said his favorite quote from the Bible was  never bend to envy  a line which does not appear in the Bible. In this respect, Trump is getting a bit better. At least the things he s citing now actually exist   even if they are the values Jesus deliberately spoke out against.But then who can blame Trump for being biblically illiterate, isn t there something in there about Heaven, camels, eyes of needles, and billionaire real estate tycoons?Featured image by Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
6902," Meet The Man Behind All The Anti-LGBT Laws Nationwide, You May Recognize Him (VIDEO)","When hatred takes human form, it looks a lot like the founder and chairman of the Liberty Counsel Mathew Staver. You may recognize him as the lawyer for the infamous Kentucky County Clerk Kim Davis who refused to do her job because her hatred was too big a burden to bear so she chose prison instead. She just couldn t stand the thought of two loving people of the same gender getting married, so she showed us just a taste of what was about come in terms of hating the LGBT community. And she had Staver as her equally bigoted lawyer.What s come since Davis  hissy fit has been a string of anti-LGBT bills disguised as  religious freedom  laws, and Staver is the man behind the hate nationwide. CBS News investigated and came to find out that it s been Staver leading this zealous crusade. From laws prohibiting transgender individuals from using the proper bathroom to allowing businesses the right to refuse service to the LGBT community, Staver has been there through it all. Yet, he cleverly words his hatred as such: It is only about being free to pursue your faith. We have no interest in discriminating against anyone. No, Staver, the First Amendment already guarantees your freedom to pursue your faith, what you re doing is helping states all across the nation write laws to specifically discriminate against LGBT individuals. You are making it legal to deny service or evict tenants based on sexual orientation. This legislated hate is taking away the freedom of LGBT citizens to grant the freedom to legally discriminate to religious zealots afraid gay money has gay cooties. And God forbid a transgender person needs to pee.Oh, and get this, Staver doesn t think businesses are really going to pull out of the states that have enacted these laws. He s supposedly calling their  bluff.  He s about to be in for a rude awakening, because being on the wrong side of history has never boded well for any bigot. His hatred for the gay community is bizarre. If he wants freedom, live and let live. It really can be that easy.Watch the story from CBS News:Featured Photo by Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
6903," TIME Magazine Runs Pro-Trump Propaganda Cover, Stuns Everyone With Sheer Stupidity","What happened to TIME Magazine? The iconic news periodical has reached what may be an all-time low with a cover so bloated with pro-Trump agitprop that it s astonishing it ever made it off of the editor s desk. Yikes.This week, TIME readers will be greeted with a bright red cover with huge letters proclaiming, as Trump has often said, that America is bankrupt and needs pay off its debt or else face doom. To make the connection to Trump even more explicit, the subtitle is: Make America Solvent Again.The problem, as economists were quick to point out, is that almost everything about this cover is meant to terrify the ignorant and obscure the truth. It s fear-mongering plain-and-simple. It plays right into Trump s hands.New TIME cover addresses the national debt. pic.twitter.com/Ty4wyCBbdV  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) April 14, 2016For economists, the cover is mind-numbingly stupid. As Mat Yglesias at Vox carefully explained, there are major problems with every facet of the argument. For starters, given how wealth inequality works, averaging the debt across all Americans is a nonsensical way of calculating how debt-ridden the country is. You don t owe $43,000, and companies and billionaires (like Trump) owe even more.Under the circumstances, it s true that dividing up the debt burden evenly among all households would be an enormous burden on many Americans. But there is no reason to divide the burden up this way. The way the federal government finances things is it collects more money from the people who have more money.There s also the fact that this  debt  is often owed to other Americans. The United States borrows from itself a lot giving the illusion of a deep deficit to foreign powers, when really the money is changing hands within the boundaries of the country the whole time. Part of paying off our debt would include cutting a check to ourselves.But perhaps worst of all,  solvency  doesn t mean what TIME wants you to think it means. The American economy is the most powerful in the world (and has grown a lot since the darkest days of the Great Recession), which means paying our debts hasn t been a problem. In fact, the only time creditors began to panic over America s debt was when Republicans in Congress floated the idea of defaulting on them to prove a political point. The antics earned America a drop in its credit rating   not because creditors believed it couldn t pay, but because they worried Republicans simply wouldn t pay.Unfortunately, none of this is made clear by TIME. Instead, people who glance over to a magazine rack in the coming weeks will see the kind of message that Donald Trump has played up: America is broke and pathetic and needs to be made  great  again with his powers of dealmaking. This is simply not true. And on the flip side, many economists have warned that a Trump presidency would hurl the world into crisis, as he has routinely floated the idea of starting trade wars with countries he doesn t like. An event like that really could have the power to destroy America s economy in a way that would be difficult to ever recover from.By enabling a Trump talking point, TIME owes the country an apology. Scare tactics and misleading information are what Trump does best, and he doesn t need any help from a magazine many people trust.Featured image via Twitter",0
6904, Occupy Wall Street Is Getting The Band Back Together To Rally Behind A New Leader,"It s been five years since Occupy Wall Street was torn apart by order of New York Mayor Bloomberg. After the arrest of 240 members and their official eviction from Zuccotti Park, the original occupiers went their separate ways, many to form other grassroots political movements all across America. The Occupy name has since been used for protests not just across the country but all over the globe, making the movement one of the most influential in recent history.Those original organizers, who seemed so disorganized and impromptu, have decided to come back together to carry the banner of their new leader, Bernie Sanders, a man who gives their movement more meaning and a new ray of hope. Sanders, whose favorite talking points include breaking up Wall Street and the big banks, talks of the one percent with the same contempt as Occupy, making them a perfect fit for one another.Where there was little but banners and protests there is now an impressive organization forming that will work closely with the senator s campaign to help get out the vote for the New York primary next week. They plan to engage in a massive canvassing campaign that will ultimately turn into a banner waving, occupy-inspired march through Manhattan this weekend. Organizer Winny Wong, one of the original campers in Zuccotti Park said: This is the place where the message of income inequality resonated across the country and across the world   it s where it really began. He s bringing it back home. Wong is the creator of the  people for Bernie  movement that sparked the flames of hope for so many and inspired the  Feel The Bern  hashtag. Together with other now-famed activists like Charles Lenchner and Beka Economopoulos, the occupy movement has a new home in their favorite city, a new leader and a boatload of hope. Lenchner told CNN: Occupy was a reaction to the financial collapse, to what happened because of Wall Street s power to destroy the economy, and Bernie s campaign is the one that has been consistently focused on the role of the  1 Percent,  large corporations and financial institutions. It s a very natural connection. So it is. The Sanders campaign has raised oodles of money from small, private donors giving what most candidates see as pocket change, with none coming from massive super PACs that have been raising money since the dawn os time. Sanders has proven time and time again that he s a man of the people and he has the voting record to prove it. Had it not been for the senator from Vermont, the occupiers might have been a group of soul discorporated from their body of beliefs forever,Featured image by Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
6905, Watch These Fox Hosts Get REALLY Mad They Can’t Force Themselves On Women (VIDEO),"It looks as though there are still men who think forcing themselves on women should be perfectly acceptable. There are clearly also still men who feel the need to defend men who force themselves on other women, and speak out against programs that require consent.Yes, folks. This is the United States of America in the year 2016.On Thursday, Fox News Business host Stuart Varney had fellow Fox flunky Andrew Napolitano on to discuss the  yes means yes  movement and Harvard s secret society of all-male clubs who stated that women can t be involved because men can keep it in their pants. I m sorry, because the men may be falsely accused of sexual assault. And because men may go after women, it s best to just continue the tradition of keeping women as second-rate and exclude them from the clubs.And of course, Varney completely agreed with Harvard: They are faced with the possibility of admitting women or are forced to admit women then they are therefore increasing the likelihood of a lawsuit. Because if a man in this day in age holds the hand of a woman on a date without first asking permission, that is an assault. In come the lawyers. Yeah, making light of rape is always a wise thing to do. For f*cks sake.Varney apparently thinks,  the real story here now is, the law is now controlling intimate relationships between men and women. Lawyers [and] the law should not be in the middle of an intimate dating relationship between the sexes. Yes, women, stay quiet and let men have their way with you. Stupid lawyers and their wanting to uphold the law, keeping women safe and holding abusers accountable.Varney then goes on to complain about how  no means no  has turned into  yes means yes  because clearly getting consent in the affirmative is an overwhelming concept for him.Then Napolitano agrees with him, saying that the whole thing  is insane,  and thinks that  not every un-consented to touching is any of the business of the government. Adding: I can t imagine that the failure to say  yes  is a criminal assault. Actually, Andrew   that s exactly what it is.The fact that these men are sitting here and defending unconsented touch is not only deplorable, but horrific. If they want to be able to force themselves on women, they should at least be forced out of a job. What say you, Fox News?Featured image via video screen capture/ HT: Raw Story",0
6906, Bernie Sanders And His Wife SHUT DOWN Supporter After He Disrespects Hillary Clinton (VIDEO/TWEETS),"On Thursday, Bernie Sanders  wife Jane Sanders didn t hesitate to defend her husband s rival, Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton after she became aware that a supporter had disrespected the former Secretary of State.In an interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo, Jane completely dismissed a sexist comment that was made at a Sanders campaign event just the day before. Cuomo asked Jane what she thought about Sanders campaign surrogate and healthcare activist Paul Song making complaints about  corporate democratic wh*res  who wanted to change the healthcare system. Song s direct comments were: Medicare-for-all will never happen if we continue to elect corporate Democratic wh*res who are beholden to big pharma and the private insurance industry instead of us. Jane handled those comments with the same amount of class we ve seen from her husband during his entire campaign. Cuomo pressed Jane on Song s remarks, asking the Democratic candidate s wife: That was translated as being code for something about Hillary Clinton. Do you believe that, and what do you want to say about that choice of words? Basically, Jane didn t give Song s comments the time of day. She beautifully dismissed and condemned them at the same time, stating: I m sorry, I didn t hear it at all. Strange choice of words. And I can t imagine anybody was speaking about Secretary Clinton that way. I don t know who said that. She added,  All the campaigns really need to take some responsibility for what surrogates say. You can watch Jane masterfully shut down Song s comment below:Bernie also joined his wife in her criticism of Song s remarks on Thursday. Bernie, who has throughout the length of his campaign insisted on keeping to the issues and not engaging in the sort of childish in-party fighting that the GOP candidates have participated in, tweeted, Dr. Song s comment was inappropriate and insensitive. There s no room for language like that in our political discourse. After receiving backlash to his comments, Song apologized for his remarks, taking responsibility for their  insensitive  nature:Later, Song stated that his comments had not been in reference to Hillary Clinton, but to Democrats in Congress. Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6907, Crowd Boos GOP Governor Off Stage For Not Supporting LGBT Protection Bill (VIDEO),"It should be the easiest question in America to answer, especially in Massachusetts, but the Republican governor flubbed it and drew the ire of the audience.Massachusetts  new Republican governor proved that he is just like every other bigoted Republican in the country after he failed to throw his support behind a bill moving through the state legislature that would provide anti-discrimination protection to LGBT people.As Governor Charlie Baker took questions during a corporate networking event, he was asked whether he would sign the bill into law unlike other Republican governors in the South who signed laws legalizing discrimination in their states.Again, this is an easy question to answer. This is the United States and discrimination is not a value this nation holds.Of course, being a Republican, Baker chose to sidestep the question instead and refused to give a definitive answer. We should not discriminate against anyone here in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,  Baker said. But then he declared that he would listen to both sides on the issue, which means he would allow bigots the chance to persuade him to enshrine bigotry in the state, likely using the guise of religious liberty as the excuse of choice.That s when the audience turned on Baker and began booing him and shouting him down until he left the stage and the building.Lorelei Erisis, who attended the event, slammed Baker for not distancing himself from the extremist Republicans in states like North Carolina and Mississippi, which passed anti-LGBT laws that have brought economic backlash. I mean that s not even a very brave thing to say, to say that he would sign a bill, if it came before his desk. And if he had done that, it would have given him the moderate Republican image that he s trying to have,  Erisis said.Here s the video via YouTube.All Baker had to say is that he would sign a bill protecting LGBT people from discrimination. That s it.But he didn t. Instead, he teeter-tottered and angered the audience. And to add insult to injury, Baker s office issued a statement claiming to support a 2011 law that expanded protections but still refused to say that he would support the new bill, saying only that he would review it.To be blunt, Baker is a coward who had a chance to distinguish himself as a moderate Republican who has no connection to the bigoted Republicans who dominate his party at the moment. Governor John Bel Edwards certainly didn t shy away when he had a chance to sign an executive order protecting LGBT people, and he s a Democrat in the deep red state of Louisiana.And when the Governor of Louisiana is more courageous on the issue of LGBT rights than the Governor of Massachusetts, that s a sign that Massachusetts voters picked the wrong candidate to lead them.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6908, Beatles Drummer Ringo Starr Will Not Perform In Bigoted State Of North Carolina,"North Carolina Republicans who are fans of The Beatles will be disappointed to learn that Ringo Starr won t be performing in their state next month.Due to North Carolina s discriminatory anti-LGBT law which makes bigotry legal across the state, the legendary Beatles drummer released a statement through his management company Beautiful Day Media & Management that he has cancelled his upcoming June 18th concert at Cary s Koka Booth Amphitheatre. I m sorry to disappoint my fans in the area, but we need to take a stand against this hatred,  Starr said.  Spread peace and love. This law opens the door to discrimination everywhere by limiting anti-discrimination laws against people based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. Ringo adds,  How sad that they feel that this group of people cannot be defended.  He asks that we all support organizations that are fighting to overturn this law in whatever way we can. As Canned Heat sang,  Let s work together.  And The Beatles said,  All you need is love.' And Republicans only have themselves to blame. Ever since they jammed HB2 into law the state has suffered economic blows that are only getting worse. Ringo Starr is just the second major artist who has cancelled a concert rather than perform in a state that sanctions discrimination. Bruce Springsteen cancelled his own scheduled concert in a statement condemning the law earlier this month.Even corporations are hitting North Carolina hard over the new law, which bans transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity and gives employers the ability to hide behind their Bibles to justify firing an employee or refusing to serve a customer. It also bars cities and counties from adopting their own anti-discrimination laws or minimum wage increases.Paypal recently shut down a major expansion project that would have brought more jobs to North Carolinians and the NBA is considering taking the All-Star game out of the state. Deutsche Bank also put the brakes on a project that would have created 250 jobs.Despite this economic backlash, North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory is digging in his heels in support of the discriminatory law, even going so far as to distract everyone by offering a token repeal of the part of the law that bans workers from bringing a discrimination lawsuit to the courts while ignoring the other parts of the bill that are just as or more bigoted.Apparently, Republicans won t get the message through their thick skulls until North Carolina s economy is razed to the ground and maybe that s what needs to happen for a more inclusive and liberal state to rise from the ashes.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6909, Ted Cruz’s Daughter Reveals A Shocking Family Secret Live On CNN Town Hall (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz got a brutal lesson in why he should keep his children out of politics on Wednesday night, when his daughter let slip a family secret during a live television interview.The Texas senator and GOP Presidential candidate appeared alongside his wife Heidi and two young daughters for a live Town Hall on CNN on Wednesday night. During the interview, Cruz s daughter revealed that there is video footage of her father in women s underwear and a feather boa. The pronouncement left Cruz visibly nervous and no doubt has his PR team doing some immediate damage limitation among Cruz s Evangelical base.The Cruz family was on stage with Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night, and the whole scene is a perfect reminder of the phrase: Never work with children or animals. This week s Town Halls have placed their focus on the personal lives of the candidates more than the political views, and in a later segment of the event, Cruz began a harmless tale of a recent Daddy-Daughter picnic at school. Thrilled with the reception, Cruz went a little further, in an attempt to up his credentials as a folksy, involved Dad   telling them that he often plays dress up with his daughters. She got to dress up Daddy in a pink boa and these like, big goofy-looking underwear he grinned at his daughter Caroline.However, Caroline then chimed in with a revelation that left the Senator briefly stumped. And [inaudible] it was on a videotape the whole time,  she said, as millions of Americans watched the scene unfold from home.  And that was a class video that they re sending out to all the parents. Cruz could only muster a brief  Oh oh.  while Heidi attempted to prevent her daughter revealing anything else ad lib. While host Cooper can t withhold a laugh, the audience is clearly as uncomfortable as the Cruz parents. You can almost hear Ted sending out a prayer to his Lord and PR team to double, triple and quadruple check that if that video footage exists, it gets disappeared immediately.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40fYlwHFCRgWe at Addicting Info suspect that far from Caroline making a naive PR stumble here, it might actually be a brutal attack of revenge for this campaign moment a while back.It s beginning to look like Caroline is reminding her father that if he continues to try and milk her for political ends, she will continue to kick him firmly where it hurts.Featured image via screen capture",0
6910, This Woman’s Post About Her Teenage Daughter’s Sexual Assault Is A Warning Every Parent Should See (VIDEO),"When we think of rape, often we think of someone pulling a woman into a back alley while wearing a ski mask, or some creeper in a van snatching a child from a playground. It rarely happens that way, though. Usually, sexual assaults and other kinds of abuse happen at the hands of those we know. This is something that one Colorado mother learned the hard way, when her own husband sexually assaulted her 15-year-old daughter.Catherine St. Germain bravely posted the video of her daughter s story to Facebook in a beautifully haunting video. The background music was from the Beatles song  Yesterday.  The post went viral, as, using homemade cue cards, St. Germain revealed the identity of her now- ex-husband who turned out to be her daughter s attacker, Aaron Scott. Scott is not only a former officer of the law, but he also served in the U.S. Navy. Sometimes those charged with serving and protecting can be the people we need to fear the most. The worst part of all of this is that Scott denied what he did until DNA proved t hat he was a damned liar. Even worse than that, he took a plea deal that only got him 90 days in jail. St. Germain told local station KUSA-TV, He got 90 days   we got life. She went on to say,  via the cards in her video: I IMMEDIATELY kicked him out. Our divorce was final Sept. 1, 2015. He maintained his innocence until the DNA evidence came back POSITIVE. Only then did he accept a plea bargain. Another card warns parents: Stranger Danger  is a joke. MONSTERS look and act NORMAL. Speaking to KUSA-TV, St. Germain finishes: I keep saying I didn t do anything brave my kid did. My kid did the bravest thing,  St. Germain told KUSA.  She spoke out against the person who sexually assaulted her within 24 hours. Here is the video, via YouTube:This is one brave lady, and her child is even braver. Parents, if you kids tell you something horrible has happened to them, please listen. Do not sweep it aside. Do not act like they are trying to get attention. Let me tell you   it s usually true, and you owe them protection. That is your job as a parent.Watch the news report on this powerful story below, via KUSA-TV:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6911, People Are Queuing Up To Get This Trump Tattoo And Donald Is NOT Going To Like It (IMAGES),"A Florida man recently had a tattoo of Donald Trump inked onto his leg, and the current GOP frontrunner really isn t going to like it. It s a naked portrait featuring the trust fund tycoon s reportedly tiny manhood.Tattoo artist Spooks Joya, who created the tattoo, spoke to VICE about how the artwork came about, saying in an email: I actually saw the original picture by Illma Gore and thought it was awesome I researched what the piece stood for and couldn t resist not doing it, so I offered to do it for free on anyone who wanted. It started out as a joke but I was surprised people seriously wanted to get it done. Men and women. It was nuts!! It seems men and women were literally queueing up to pay the ultimate insult to Donald Trump   and it really is a monstrosity. The tattoo is up on the thigh of a man who remains anonymous, but we do have pictures of the tattoo being completed.This might be the appropriate moment to ask: who on earth would do this to themselves? And WHY?!For those unaware of the background, Trump has been smarting for a quarter of a century over a slight made against him by journalist Graydon Carter. The Vanity Fair writer wrote a negative piece on Trump, in which he called him a  short-fingered vulgarian . Last October, Carter published a piece in Vanity Fair entitled: Why Donald Trump Will Always Be a  Short-Fingered Vulgarian - in which he detailed Trump s thin-skinned response to the criticism, and his refusal to let the matter go. He writes:Like so many bullies, Trump has skin of gossamer. He thinks nothing of saying the most hurtful thing about someone else, but when he hears a whisper that runs counter to his own vainglorious self-image, he coils like a caged ferret. Just to drive him a little bit crazy, I took to referring to him as a  short-fingered vulgarian  in the pages of Spy magazine. That was more than a quarter of a century ago. To this day, I receive the occasional envelope from Trump. There is always a photo of him generally a tear sheet from a magazine. On all of them he has circled his hand in gold Sharpie in a valiant effort to highlight the length of his fingers.And so it was, that Trump decided that a Primary debate to decide the Republican nominee for President of the United States, was the appropriate place to brag about the size of his penis. After Marco Rubio referenced the sight in a March debate, Trump told the crowd: Look at those hands. Are they small hands?  holding his (admittedly stubby) fingers out towards the audience and the cameras. He referred to my hands,  if they re small, something else must be small.  I guarantee you there s no problem. I guarantee. It seems for one person in particular, the comedy pay-off was worth it.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons",0
6912, Bill Nye CRUSHES The A-Hole Who Started The Rumor That He Would Debate Sarah Palin (VIDEO),"The internet went giddy with anticipation earlier this week when a story came out of Variety Magazine claiming that Bill Nye had been invited to debate Sarah Palin on the subject of climate change after the debut of the climate-denier propaganda film Climate Hustle in early May. Before Variety could update their article after being contacted by a Nye spokesperson with the truth, media outlets across the web had picked up and reported on the story.Before long it was trending all over social media. Even with the story being updated with the information that Nye would only appear in pre-recorded clips, the excitement of Palin going down in flames in what would have been the butt-kicking of the century continued to spread far and wide. Unfortunately, it isn t going to happen. The clips of Nye will most likely be heavily edited to make it look like he s hiding something as if there s some kind of profit to be made on the  hoax  that the earth is getting warmer.According to Nye, the man behind the movie and the panel of  experts,  Marc Morano, is the guy who started the rumor in the first place. Morano apparently used the idea of a debate between The Science Guy and the Queen of the Ditzes to promote his film. Nye says he was never invited to any such panel to debate anything: Marc Morano did not invite me to his movie but he said I refused to come after he did invite me   he was making that up. It s disingenuous, at best. The video is yet another beautiful and punishing blow by Bill Nye to yet another anti-science buffoon. There s been no response from Morano, but rumor has it he s in Kentucky drinking biblical mead and licking his wounds with Ken Hamm. Enjoy the video below, courtesy of Bill Nye s Facebook Page:https://www.facebook.com/billnye/videos/vb.48947135361/10154211049280362/?type=2&theaterFeatured image by Frederick Brown/ Getty Images ",0
6913, Trump Campaign Manager Won’t Be Prosecuted For Assaulting A Woman,"Once again, it seems as though someone associated with the Trump campaign will receive special treatment. According to reports, the billionaire s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, will not face the music for manhandling former Breitbart  reporter  (we use that term loosely, given the nature of the right-wing garbage dump), after roughly grabbing her during a campaign event after mistaking her for a member of the  liberal media. Palm Beach County State Attorney David Aronberg says that, despite the attack being caught on video, the billionaire s right-hand man will not be prosecuted for what is clearly a crime because reasons.After Fields asked Trump a question, Lewandowski grabbed her, apparently attempting to throw her to the ground. Fields says she was able to maintain her balance, but she was left with bruises after the attack.Lewandowski initially denied the allegations, but after video surfaced he had no choice but to admit to what he did. But, of course, he says it was OK to physically assault a woman because he thought she was a member of the  mainstream media  he hates so much. Prosecutor s office told me they would inform me of decision tomorrow. If reports true, guess they decided to leak to reporters first. Ugly,  Fields tweeted after news of the decision leaked. For those asking, office of prosecutor asked 2 weeks ago if I d be ok with an apology from Corey. I said ya but haven t heard back about it. With evidence of the attack, an admission, and a video that clearly shows the assault, one must wonder why Aronberg would refuse to prosecute Lewandowski, who was charged with a misdemeanor count of battery last month.You can bet that if it was anyone else, that person would have had to face what he did.Watch the attack below:Featured image via CNN",0
6914, President Obama Will Sing On Coldplay’s Next Album (VIDEO),"Normally, the thought of listening to Coldplay is the stuff of nightmares, just behind spooning with Sarah Palin and spending more than 20 seconds staring at Ted Cruz s face. But something is happening that, for a few seconds, might just make what would normally be an act of self-torture tolerable: Coldplay has announced that the President s moving rendition of  Amazing Grace  will be included on their next album.The band s frontman, Chris Martin, says the singing voice of President Barack Obama will make an appearance on upcoming album,  A Head Full of Dreams,  which is due to be released next month. He told British tabloid The Sun: We have a tiny clip of the president singing  Amazing Grace.  Because of the historical significance of what he did and also that that song being about,  I m lost but now I m found . The publication notes that the band has obtained both Obama s personal permission to use his voice, and that of the church in which the golden words were recorded.A source close to the band added:  Barack Obama wouldn t let just anyone feature his vocals on the record, especially considering what a deeply emotional moment it was for him. But he clearly loves Coldplay and is happy to be a part of their music history. The band were obviously thrilled. They needed to get permission from Obama himself and the Charleston church it was recorded in. I met Barack Obama in the summer and one thing he said to me was,  Oh I have your songs on my iPod,  but I just thought,  Oh I bet he says that to every pop star he meets,  Martin says. I can t get my head around the notion that the President of the USA would have any of my songs on his playlist. It is just too surreal. While many would question the President s choice in music, none can deny that it would truly be an honor for any band to obtain the President s personal permission to use his voice in their songs.Watch the President show off his dulcet tones below:Featured image via Getty",0
6915," WATCH: Someone Actually Bought And Drank Trump Vodka, Here’s What Happened","Donald Trump made a big stink a few weeks ago because it was pointed out that many of the products he has lent his name to have turned out to be complete and absolute  losers,  quickly discontinued and removed from the market. Those products include Trump Water, Trump Steaks, and Trump Magazine.Buzzfeed decided to get in on the action and spent $200 to buy a bottle of Trump Vodka. Here s what happened when they got some people to actually taste it:As pointed out in the video, the vodka from the man who has promised to  make America great again  in his campaign was actually a product of Netherlands. This follows a pattern of several other Trump products, like his discontinued neckties, being sourced and manufactured in other countries (the ties were from China). It shows that when it came to his own products that he stood to make a cut of the profits from, Trump was more than willing to make a  deal  to produce them cheaply overseas, adding to his personal bottom line.Trump said he got into vodka because  A great friend of mine was a founder of Grey Goose and what we re going to do is to top it. I want to top them just because it s fun to top my friends.  Despite Trump s grandiose predictions of success for the drink, it was not to be (sound familiar?):The only trouble was, nobody bought it. By the end of 2007 it barely registered among the top-selling vodkas, badly trailing the likes of Smirnoff and no threat whatsoever to Grey Goose. Go figure that customers wouldn t line up for a product that existed for the sole purpose of one-upping Trump s friend.By 2011, Trump Vodka was gone.The reviewers in the video were not optimistic. They told Buzzfeed they thought the alcohol would taste like  self-tanner  or  misogyny. While one drinker said it  burned like a UTI,  another said it tasted  surprisingly good.  Another woman said it tasted good,  but not $200 good. Featured image via YouTube",0
6916," PROOF: Republicans Are Blocking Black Voters, This Court Case Is Exposing Them","Voter identification laws (aka Voter ID) are an attempt by Republican lawmakers to suppress the vote with demographics that often vote for Democratic candidates   young voters, minorities, the poor. Often, when confronted with this, conservatives claim that the laws are in place to protect the integrity of the ballot against so-called  voter fraud,  but time and time again studies have shown that  voter fraud  happens so infrequently it is almost nonexistent.In Wisconsin, failed Republican presidential candidate Governor Scott Walker praised the recent implementation of voter ID in Wisconsin s presidential primary. But one case shows that the law is just a fancy, modern version of Jim Crow:Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker said his state s strict new voter-ID requirement worked  just fine  in the April 5 primary, but thousands of Wisconsinites were unable to cast a ballot because of the new law. One of them was Eddie Lee Holloway Jr.Holloway, a 58-year-old African-American man, moved from Illinois to Wisconsin in 2008 and voted without problems, until Wisconsin passed its voter-ID law in 2011.  I never miss voting,  he said. He brought his expired Illinois photo ID, birth certificate, and Social Security card to get a photo ID for voting, but the DMV in Milwaukee rejected his application because the name on his birth certificate read  Eddie Junior Holloway,  the result of a clerical error when it was issued.The Nation goes on to report that Holloway ended up spending $200 on records, made trips between two states, and was still unable to vote in Wisconsin. The U.S. Court of Appeals is currently reviewing a case brought before it on behalf of Holloway by the ACLU. The ACLU estimates that there are thousands of people in Wisconsin who have been disenfranchised like him.This is exactly what Republicans want. They ve said it on the record, multiple times, that voter ID helps them because it suppresses the vote. Their party best succeeds when less and less people get to exercise their Constitutional rights.Featured image via Flickr",0
6917," Still Butthurt About 2011 Event, Trump Refuses Invitation To Correspondents’ Dinner (VIDEO)","If you were one of the many political junkies crossing your fingers and hoping Donald Trump would attend the White House Correspondents  Dinner this year, you are about to be disappointed. The Republican frontrunner recently announced that he has turned down all of the invitations he has received because of the media. I was asked by every single group of media available to mankind [to attend this year]. But I ve decided not to go. Do you know why? I would have a good time and the press would say I look like I wasn t having a good time. Donald Trump attended the 2011 Correspondents  Dinner and President Obama hammered him over and over and over. He even had a photo of what the White House would look like if the billionaire was ever elected president, complete with  Trump  scrawled across the top of it.Image via screenshotBut Trump is claiming that his decision not to attend has nothing to do with President Obama repeatedly making him the butt of his jokes; it was instead the mean press  fault: I had a great time. I was very honored by all of the attention. The president told joke after joke and it was good. They were all very nice and delivered nicely and I had a great time and told the press. For four years, I ve read what a miserable time I had The press is dishonest. If the press would be honest, I d go because I d have a good time.   But no matter how good a time I had, the press would say,  Donald Trump was miserable. What would I need that for? Honestly, it really doesn t matter if it was the president trolling him or the media talking about his angry face throughout the dinner that is keeping him from attending   it speaks to a much larger problem he has: Trump is completely incapable of taking criticism   even in jest. He claims that he wants to run this country, but he can t handle anyone who isn t kissing his ass talking about him. And when people do say something about him, he lashes out like a toddler who was just told he cannot swing on the curtains. How is he ever going to deal with the scrutiny that comes with the highest office in the United States if he can t brush the big bad press off?Watch President Obama roast Trump at the 2011 Dinner:Featured image via Kristoffer Tripplaar-Pool; Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6918, Republican Leaders And Activists Plan To Back Third-Party Candidate If Trump Is Nominated,"Political contributor and conservative editor Erick Erickson, along with numerous Republican activists and leaders, are planning on rallying behind a third-party candidate should Donald Trump, the current GOP frontrunner, secure the nomination in July.Erickson, former editor of RedState, in a statement on his newest website The Resurgent titled  #UnelectableDonald Will Make America Blue Again,  said:As economic, defense, and faith conservatives, we oppose Donald Trump and will not vote for him in the coming general election. Our objective is two-fold: the election of a conservative president and averting the debacle of a Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders administration. To achieve these objectives, the candidacy of Donald Trump must be defeated.Slamming Trump over his  liberal  positions and his  authoritarian  approach, the group of leaders and activists pledged they would vote and, if they lose, carry on until the next fight:We will vote. Sitting out an election is not an option. The Republican Party has before it several candidates with the record and ability to serve as president with honor and distinction. In the coming months, we will devote ourselves to ensuring the nomination goes to a candidate who will strengthen our economy, national security and, above all, the conservative values on which all else depends. Should this effort fail, we will join with other faithful conservatives to find new candidates and institutions to carry on the fight for conservative principles and policies.This is he third meeting between Erikson and his band of plucky conservatives. In March, when the first meeting adjourned, the group called for the creation of Unity Ticket to thwart Trump, and as a second option opted for a third-party candidate should the Unity Ticket fail.Other members of Erickson s group, which totals about a dozen Republicans, includes columnist Quin Hillyer, George W. Bush adviser Bill Wichterman, and Mike Farris, a conservative activist and candidate for lieutenant governor in Virginia.Although Erickson s group is seemingly one of a kind, there have been numerous Republicans coming out to say they would refuse to vote for Trump, including Joe Scarborough (who at one point supported him), former Gov. Christine Todd Whitman, Dana Losech,  Mel Martinez, Sen. Ben Sasse and others. Featured image via Flickr",0
6919, Civil Rights Legend Switches Endorsement And Primary Vote From Sanders To Clinton,"On Tuesday, Tom Hayden, one of leading dirty hippies that drove Republicans (and Democrats) completely insane in the 1960s wrote a lengthy editorial in The Nation to announce that he was dropping his support of Bernie Sanders and voting for Hillary Clinton in the California primary. While not sparing a critical eye towards Clinton, he explains that despite not being an angel, she has successfully worked within the system for almost 50 years to affect change. According to Hayden, she has the best chance to beat the Republicans and advance her agenda through both a hostile Congress and an unsure electorate.Hayden actually agrees with most (all?) of Bernie s end goals, as do many of Hillary s supporters. We all want universal healthcare, more taxes on the rich, less guns on the street, equal pay for women and an end to income inequality, but where the problem comes is HOW to get there:The populist clarity of Bernie s proposals can be problematic, even for some of his supporters. For example, to simply reject Obamacare in the belief that  political revolution  will lead to a single-payer solution is simplistic.Hayden is worried Bernie has done nothing to ensure he will have the political muscle to make his plans work. A one election revolution won t cut it without  a Plan B, which requires at least two presidential terms and three more congressional elections. Take fracking for example. Hillary has been condemned for not calling for a total ban. But Hayden, a much more plugged in activist, is more impressed by Clinton s long term goals and less so by Sanders  absolutist stand:But Hillary s position goes beyond what virtually any state has done. The New York Times writes that she  has pledged to end subsidies to the fossil fuel industry to pay for her ambitious climate plan  and intends to install 500 million solar collectors in four years.Meanwhile, Bernie s total fracking ban leaves the question of how to do so unaddressed. His energy platform is comprehensive, but he offers no strategy to implement the Paris Summit in the short term.And it s not just Bernie s policies that Hayden is concerned with. There s also the question of his vulnerability as a candidate. Hayden, quite correctly, points out that Republicans have almost completely ignored Bernie:My second worry about Bernie s candidacy is that he has not really faced an all-out Republican-financed media assault in this entire campaign. If he s the nominee, that will be merciless.I ve had this discussion a number of times with Bernie supporters who think that Republican attacks will roll right off. But Republicans managed to convince a significant portion of the country that the center-left Obama is actually a far-left Socialist bordering on Communist and that Obamacare was a  government takeover.  The right-wing media machine is a propaganda tool that would make the totalitarian government in George Orwell s 1984 weep in pure jealously. By the end of the first month, Bernie would be labeled a Marxist. By the end of the second month, he would be the reincarnation of Stalin. And that would be among the nicer things they would say about him.Just to be crystal clear, a certain number of Bernie supporters insist that Obama is a center-right Republican. Yet it is undeniable that he s been successfully labeled a far-left radical by the right. How would Bernie be immune to this? There s no clear answer.Even worse, the automatic response from Bernie supporters is  They ll do the same thing to Hillary!  as if that would change the character assassination to come. But even that answer is unhelpful because they ve BEEN doing this to Hillary for longer than many of Bernie s supporters have been alive. The Clintons are the most scrutinized politicians to ever live, bar none. There are literally no new scandals to dig (or make) up. The Corporate Media has been trying to claim her scalp since the 90s and the right has spent millions upon millions on opposition research with only rumor and innuendo to show for it.What are they going to do? Hold some more Benghazi hearings? Good luck with that.But the main reason Hayden says he s supporting Hillary is that the black community is overwhelmingly supporting her:I intend to vote for Hillary Clinton in the California primary for one fundamental reason. It has to do with race. My life since 1960 has been committed to the causes of African Americans, the Chicano movement, the labor movement, and freedom struggles in Vietnam, Cuba and Latin America. What would cause me to turn my back on all those people who have shaped who I am? That would be a transgression on my personal code. I have been on too many freedom rides, too many marches, too many jail cells, and far too many gravesites to breach that trust.Some of Bernie s (overwhelmingly white) supporters have taken the not-so-subtly racist attitude that the black community doesn t know any better. But Hayden correctly points out that Bernie himself made the choice not to appeal to them:Bernie s campaign has had all the money in the world to invest in inner city organizing, starting 18 months ago. He chose to invest resources instead in white-majority regions at the expense of the Deep South and urban North.Blaming black people for not supporting Bernie when Bernie deliberately chose to focus his energy elsewhere is a deeply problematic attitude and a shirking of responsibility.There s (a lot) more and Hayden does not pull punches with either candidate, but his overall message is clear: Vote for whatever candidate you want in the primary, but at the end of the day, stopping the Republicans is more important than hero worship. If you want real change, you have to do more than vote in presidential elections, sit back and wait for it to come.Featured image via Getty",0
6920," Megyn Kelly Caves To Trump, Holds Secret Meeting Rumored To Be Interview Request","Donald Trump has spent this election demeaning Megyn Kelly in shockingly sexist ways. After the first Republican debate demonstrated that Kelly wasn t afraid to call Trump on his nonsense, the front-runner floated the idea that she was so aggressive because she was menstruating. In the following months, he has repeatedly viciously attacked her   even on her own network.For her part, Kelly has always tried to take the high road. She has argued that her goal is to move past the feud with Trump and get to a place where the two can treat each other like professionals. Trump didn t seem to get the memo. As his campaign has picked up (and Kelly s dream of watching Trump simply flame out dimmed), he s lashed out at her in interviews and on social media..@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 15, 2015The constant barrage has certainly done damage to Kelly. For years, she was seen as the rising star of Fox News and big things were lined up for her. The fight with Trump has undermined a lot of that. Trump s fans, many of whom were dogmatic Fox News watchers, have taken his side and Kelly has become their public enemy number one. The sexism he hurls at her is dished out ten-fold by his rabid supporters.However, there is one tenet of Fox News that is placed above pride, integrity, self-respect or logic: Ratings. Kelly herself admitted to PBS s Charlie Rose that Trump would probably be back on her program at some point despite his low opinion of her because  that will be a big moment. Do you think that will be a big television moment? Apparently, the moment is now. Sources at Fox News confirmed today that Megyn Kelly secretly snuck into Trump Tower to hold a private meeting with Trump and it s easy to guess what the agenda was. She wants him back.Kelly reached out to Trump s office to set up the meeting, one of the sources said.The face-to-face chat raises the possibility of a Kelly-Trump interview sometime in the future.Kelly is known to be seeking high-profile guests for a Barbara Walters-style prime time special on the Fox broadcast network in May.Fox released an official statement that seems to support this.FOX News Chairman & CEO Roger Ailes has spoken to Donald Trump a few times over the past three months about appearing on a FOX Broadcasting special with Megyn Kelly airing on May 23. Kelly requested a meeting with Mr. Trump, which took place at Trump Tower this morning. The results of that meeting will be revealed on tonight s Kelly File at 9PM/ET. Kelly has acknowledged in recent interviews that Trump is a fascinating person to cover and has electrified the Republican base.This is a strong about-face from just a month ago, when she confided to Variety that she s been desperate to get him back on but there was never a moment where he wasn t attacking her. To be honest, every time I prepare an invitation to sit down with him, he attacks me on Twitter or elsewhere. I had always been hoping I could reach out to him at a time when he wasn t angry. I don t think it would be a good interview if he was angry at me   but then he never stops with the attacks. As we ve seen repeatedly, Fox News has only the thinnest veneer of integrity easily wiped away with profit considerations. Trump has been ruthless in going after Kelly and other Fox hosts who don t openly grovel at his feet (and many of them do), but the network is more than willing to swallow their pride if they need to promote, say, a  Barbara Walters-style prime time special  and would love the ratings Trump attracts.Featured image via Craig Barritt/Getty Images for Cosmopolitan Magazine and WME Live",0
6921," Louisiana’s Dem. Governor Steps Up, Signs Executive Action Barring LGBT Discrimination","Could anyone, in a million years, ever see Bobby Jindal doing the right thing and barring discrimination against LGBT citizens? That would be a no, because the rabidly anti-gay governor would rather pander to the religious right.But thankfully, Louisiana s new governor, a Democrat, has morals. And those morals include protecting all citizens from hurtful discrimination.John Bel Edwards, who was elected last November against serial adulterer David Vitter, signed a non-discrimination executive order which overrode an executive order put into place by Jindal that expanded provisions in a bill that allowed for a more rigorous approach to  religious freedom.  Edwards slammed Jindal as pandering to  a narrow political agenda. Although the anti-discrimination executive order doesn t pertain to private businesses, it does ban discrimination against state employees and workers hired by state contractors.The action, however, does allow exemptions for certain religious organizations and churches. Edwards addressed this concern, saying in a statement:While this executive order respects the religious beliefs of our people, it also signals to the rest of the country that discrimination is not a Louisiana value, but rather, that Louisiana is a state that is respective and inclusive of everyone around us.Contrast John Bel Edwards to Governors Pat McCrory and Phil Bryant. If this isn t enough evidence as to why it s so important for Democrats to get out and vote, I don t know what would be. As LGBT citizens across the South (and elsewhere) face intense attacks on their identity, Louisiana s Democratic governor stepped up and did the right thing.  In  heavily conservative and unpredictable state, Edwards risks not just his own career, but those who support his actions risk theirs as well.That s real leadership. Like Jindal s pandering, Bryant and McCrory serve only to do just that   pander. In their conservative states, they are safeguarded by the religious right and the Tea Party activists who cheer on discriminatory legislation.If the deeply religious, Catholic John Bel Edwards can see past religious pandering to do the right thing, so can any other politician.Featured image via screen shot from Campaign Ad",0
6922, Trump Uses Eric Garner’s Dying Words To Mock Mitt Romney; His Supporters Roar With Laughter,"Republican front-runner Donald Trump decided a visit to New York would be a good time to try out his comedy routine by delivering a stunningly tasteless joke at the expense of a man who had been recently killed nearby by New York police.In a performance that recalled the time he mocked a physically disabled reporter, Trump cast his arch-nemesis Mitt Romney in the role of police brutality victim Eric Garner because, as Trump tells it, both were known for  choking. Unbelievable. The last election should have been won, except Romney choked like a dog. He choked,  Trump said, before mocking Romney with his hands in a choke position.Trump shouted  I can t breathe, I can t breathe,  mocking the last words of Garner, who died in police custody on July 17, 2014, when officers tried to arrest him for allegedly selling loose, untaxed cigarettes across from Tompkinsville Park.The moment stunned reporters on scene, but what was perhaps even more surprising was the response Trump got from his fans. Rather than find the idea of aping the words of a man who recently died just a few miles away repulsive, the crowd of Trump-heads roared with laughter. The mockery was the funniest thing they had ever seen.'Like a dog': Donald Trump impersonates Mitt Romney 'choking' in the 2012 election https://t.co/dX9r9HADCA pic.twitter.com/Ny7ULsOIhW  Business Insider (@businessinsider) April 12, 2016Like every offensive thing Trump does, this may have been a finely-tuned tactical maneuver. For many in New York, the story of Eric Garner s senseless death is still raw and infuriating, but the small but vocal Fox News crowd has always taken a different opinion on it. In the aftermath of Garner s death, Fox repeatedly booked guests who pushed the idea that Garner deserved it.Neil Cavuto and guest Bishop E.W. Jackson concluded as much: It s the result of a young man having made the decision to resist arrest. And when you do that, things are not going to end well. It s tragic, it s terrible. But how about teaching the young people when the police make a request, cooperate with them rather than resisting them? Rudy Guliani   also on Fox News   agreed, claiming Garner killed himself by struggling to not be arrested.Many of the people who felt the same, now attend Trump rallies where they count on the candidate to stoke racial fears and push the kind of xenophobic nationalism that s gotten him so far with the Republican base. Mocking Eric Garner   and linking him to Romney, whom Trump views as weak and pathetic   is a way of playing on feelings of white pride that enthralls many of Trump s fans.Featured image via Twitter",0
6923, Trump’s Policy Adviser? A Former Lobbyist With Ties To An African Warlord,"Who is Paul Manafort? Well, for starters, he s a former principal lobbyist with the firm Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMS & K), a firm that had close ties to the Reagan and Bush White House and works closely with Republicans on Capitol Hill.But that s not where the firm has made most of its money. Before merging with Gold & Liebengood to form BKSH & Associates in 1996,  BMS & K was renowned for representing a multitude of sketchy African dictators, warlords, guerilla warfare groups and individuals responsible for the most reprehensible human rights violations in the world.One of their most notorious  clients  was Angolan war lord Jonas Savimbi, who oversaw what The Daily Beast documents as mass-amputation of those they deemed the enemy, and state-sanctioned rape. Savimbi and his guerilla army sought to take back control of the Marxist dominated, Soviet Union backed government in Angola through UNITA (National Union for the Total Independence of Angola). A bloody civil war, over two hundred people died a day, and Manafort s lobbying firm oversaw a  negotiations for the continuation of warfare. Senator Bill Bradley, in his memoirs, noted that had it not been for Manafort s heavy lobbying, a ceasefire would have been reached sooner.As John Prendergast wrote in a 1999 essay for the United States Institute of Peace:The government s branding of Jonas Savimbi as a war criminal creates a thin but important precedent for reversing the state of total impunity that exists presently. Savimbi is indeed responsible for a litany of crimes against humanity, but of course he is not alone The Human Rights Watch documented the horrors of child soldiers at he hands of Savimbi, writing that those forced into the guerilla warfare were robbed of their childhood and forced to fight in one of the most violent civil wars in world history:Both the largest opposition group, National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), and the government used child soldiers in the war. Children s rights groups have estimated that as many as 11,000 children were involved in the last years of the fighting. Some children received weapons and arms training and fought in the conflict. Many others acted as porters, cooks, spies and laborers .UNITA soldiers regularly beat children for infractions and assigned them hazardous duties. UNITA combatants also sexually abused girls and assigned them as  wives  to soldiers.Now where did Manafort come into play? Well, Savimbi courted his lobbying firm to get United States leaders on board with the coup (after all, the United States was still heavily invested in the Cold War). And through their lobbying efforts quickly got President Reagan and Congressional Republicans to convince the CIA and other American intelligence agencies like the State Department to fund and support Savimbi.Between 1985 and 1989, Savimbi and UNITA paid Manafort and his associates over $850,000 while the United States supplied $42 million for their efforts.Even though using child soldiers was (and still is) banned by International law and Angolan law, the  freedom fighters  (as Reagan called them) were still in the business of heavy exploitation. And Manafort and his associates didn t care, so long as they got their paycheck.And now he s an advisor to Donald Trump. Any questions?Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
6924, Sanders Campaign Begins To Raise Money For Down-Ticket Democratic Candidates,"After months of criticism from the Clinton campaign over down-ticket candidates, the Sanders campaign has begun to raise and distribute cash to Democratic candidates across the country.But there s a catch: the only candidates who are receiving funding are those that have publicly come out and supported him, a trio of new wave progressives including New York s Zephyr Teachout, Nevada s Lucy Flores, and Washington state s Pramila Jayapal. But there s another catch: all three candidates are currently waging primary battles against more  establishment  candidates.Sanders, who has run on an a vehemently anti-establishment platform, wrote in his email:  When we talk of political revolution, we also need people who aren t beholden to special interests,  before introducing Zephyr Teachout as an outsider who  literally wrote the book on political corruption. Teachout ran in the Democratic primary for Governor of New York, gaining 34 percent of the vote but ultimately losing to incumbent Andrew Cuomo.Lucy Flores was a member of the Nevada State Assembly for four years and ran for the position of Lieutenant Governor in 2014, losing to Republican Mark Hutchison. For the 2016 election, she will run to replace Republican Cresent Hardy in the 4th Congressional District.Pramila Jayapal is currently a member of the Washington Senate and will be running in Washington s 7th Congressional District to succeed retiring Democrat Jim McDermott.Sanders  website sent out fundraising emails which encourages donors to split their donations between the Vermont Senator and the trio of candidates.Democrats hit the Sanders campaign heavily for raising over $109 million for his campaign while giving almost no money to Democratic candidates, while the Clinton campaign dispersed more than $15 million in 2016 alone.The money that is collected for down-ticket candidates goes straight to a fund called the Victory Fund, and will be distributed to Democrats who win their primaries heading into the general election.Featured image via Kenneth Gabrielsen/Getty Images",0
6925, Student Haz A Sad After Everyone Mocks Him For His Trump Hat (VIDEO),"Now, typically no one should be mocking a teenager in their place of education, but since it is a place of education, perhaps this can be seen as the child learning something valuable. And while it s never okay to bully, pointing out to someone that they re wearing the hat of a bigoted bully should be mandatory.That being said, one high school sophomore in Portland, Maine, is catching a lot of criticism for wearing his Donald Trump  Make America Great Again  hat, and rightly so.Conner Mullen says that everyone is wearing their  Bernie pins,  so he should be able to wear his Donald Trump hat. However, his fellow classmates are apparently relentless in their taunting, and even a teacher called him out, allegedly saying,  Thank God you can t vote.  When Mullen took his grievance to the assistant principal s office, the solution offered was simply to leave the hat at home.Mullen said: I knew kids would pick on me about it, that s just kids being kids, but when the adults started doing it I thought that s problematic. This is a school that preaches equality. Oh dear. Yes, he actually said that. He just equated himself to the plight for equality because he s being teased for wearing a bigot s hat. The irony is palpable.According to Mullen, the reason he wants Trump to be president is: I want a job  where you can help people, and I ve heard Trump say how important he thinks veterans and (people in law enforcement) are. Oh, dear boy, please, oh please don t believe the pandering nonsense that comes out of Trump s mouth. And as far as his love for veterans, how much he s been supposedly giving veteran groups is highly questionable.Here s the thing, the school isn t telling him he shouldn t wear the hat, but they are suggesting if he d like to stop being relentlessly mocked for such a poor fashion decision, that he should probably just leave the hat at home. Trump is a bigot and probably the worst choice this country could ever have for the role of Commander-in-Chief.The bigger concern here is, what is this student being taught that he believes Trump is a good option? Maybe that should be the real story.Watch the story via WCSH out of Portland, Maine:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6926, NASA Publicly Humiliates Right-Wing Climate Change Deniers On Facebook With Real Science,"Don t mess with NASA because they will burn you.When a climate change denier made a comment on a post made by Bill Nye the Science Guy, he made a huge mistake by dragging NASA into his rant.Nye was mocking a climate change denier for refusing to take bets on whether climate change is real or not  cause he knows what s up re: global temperatures. Here s the post via Facebook.In response, a right-winger named Fer Morales made a complete ass of himself by disputing climate science by invoking NASA. Morales attributed several of his claims to NASA, including one about how fossil fuels cool the planet. Riiiiight, despite NASA confirming that fossil fuels are actually cooling the planet s temperature, and that there s more ice than in the last century in the polar caps. And the fact that the so-called rises of the sea levels have not materialized, and that any real scientist doesn t back up man-made climate change at all, since it s a cycle that has existed even before we did. Yep, solid science, leftards. This didn t sit well with NASA Climate Change, which spotted Morales  comment and brutally shut him down with a humiliating educational response. Do not misrepresent NASA,  NASA warned.  Fossil fuels are not cooling the planet. Here s a screenshot of the exchange:And the humiliation just grew from there as other Facebook users cheered on NASA for smacking down an anti-science nut job.This was an epic shut down by NASA. The fact that NASA actually took the time to respond is simply amazing. But NASA was not done yet. They also responded to two other right-wing idiots who accused the space agency of  fudging  the numbers and  deleting data. Then NASA proceeded to further educate everyone.Which led to this suggestion by another commenter.This is what it looks like when anti-science conservatives get owned.Featured image via NASA",0
6927, Anderson Cooper SMACKS DOWN Trump For Whining About Colorado Rules: ‘Didn’t You Just Get Outplayed?’ (VIDEO),"It wouldn t be the first time CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has smacked down Trump, and he just gets better every time.Just last month, Cooper called Trump out on his childish behavior when the business mogul launched an immature, misogyny-fueled attack against rival Ted Cruz s wife. When Trump defended himself using a  he started it  argument, Cooper destroyed the Republican front runner by telling him,  That s the argument of 5-year-old.  And at last night s town hall, Cooper didn t disappoint.Cooper began the interview by criticizing Trump for his ridiculous complaints about the delegate voting system in Colorado. Ever since Cruz beat Trump in getting every last one of the 34 delegates  support in the state, Trump has been whining and moaning about how  unfair,   rigged  and  crooked  Colorado s system is. Cooper completely shut Trump down when he asked the sore loser, The rules are the rules, didn t you just get outplayed on the ground? Trump, continuing to insist that he was aware of the rules (even though he clearly wasn t), kept complaining that the voting system was some sort of anti-Trump conspiracy that was stacked against me.  Cooper wasn t having ANY of Trump s bullsh*t, and reminded him that Cruz had actually put time and effort into going out, reaching out to people who wanted to be delegates, to run the process  in Colorado   unlike Trump.Cooper told the business mogul,  You could ve had a better organization on the ground,  reminding him that he d had  months to prepare.  Cooper then called Trump out on his egotistical overestimation of himself and said: For somebody who touts himself as somebody who s an organizational genius, as someone who s created this amazing business organization, that you couldn t create an organization on the ground that could beat Ted Cruz s organization. ",0
6928," Ted Cruz Is Against Adult Toys, But His College Roommate Knows That’s Hypocritical (TWEET)","Likely the last thing you d ever want to envision is Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz with adult toys, or doing things to himself, but hey, this is America, and hypocrites need to be called out.As Mother Jones just reminded us, Ted Cruz defended a ban on adult toys. In fact,  he helped defend a law criminalizing the sale said toys. You see, Texas, the state where the senator is from (besides Canada), has a law that outlaws these  obscene  devices. Ted Cruz found it un-American to self-stimulate yourself with such a thing, and according to The Week: Cruz s office defended the obscenity law by saying that  any alleged right associated with obscene devices  is not  deeply rooted in the Nation s history and traditions. I m sure this is what the Founders of our nation were thinking about when declaring war on England, and writing up the Constitution. Jefferson was probably all like,  oh, yes, we mustn t forget the devices used for self-pleasure. They must be strictly prohibited.  Probably not.Anyway, all of that aside, enter Craig Mazin, Ted Cruz s freshman roommate at Princeton. He just took to Twitter with likely the best burn ever to be written calling out the Texas junior senator s hypocrisy. He wrote:Ted Cruz thinks people don't have a right to ""stimulate their genitals."" I was his college roommate. This would be a new belief of his.  Craig Mazin (@clmazin) April 13, 2016Now that you ve picked yourself up off the floor after laughing incredibly hard, you ll now have that image in your head for the rest of your day. BUT knowing Ted Cruz was just utterly humiliated in such a pretty amazing way may make it all worth it.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6929, WATCH: Anti-Gun Group Absolutely DESTROYS NRA For Marketing Guns To Kids,"The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence released new videos depicting the danger of guns in children s hands in response to the National Rifle Association s (NRA) and the corporate gun industry s disgusting marketing of guns to children. The videos depict Alice in Wonderland and Peter Pan as victims of gun violence.Watch videos here:Peter Pan[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoAuvmRH2Yk] Alice in Wonderland[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDrQlHx7GK4]A report by the Violence Policy Center (VPC) Start Them Young    How the Firearms Industry and Gun Lobby Are Targeting Your Children, documents how the gun industry and the gun lobby markets guns to children. The comprehensive 54 page report lists the many slick approaches marketers use to make guns attractive to children despite the lethal consequences which include mass murder, suicides, fatal unintentional shootings, and  mass murder. The marketing approaches of guns include: The promotion of 22 caliber assault rifles that often incorporate plastic in their design (leading to less recoil and lighter weight). The result, according to Shooting Sports Retailer, is guns that  bring the coolness and fun of the tactical rifle to kids and less serious shooters. Marketing guns in child-friendly colors, including: pink rifles and pistols intended for girls and women from a wide range of manufacturers; Smith & Wesson 22 caliber AR-15 style assault rifles in Pink Platinum, Purple Platinum, and Harvest Moon Orange; and youth rifles from Savage Arms that come in crayon-box colors that include red, yellow, orange, and blue. In the search for a gun-based  reality video game  to compete with the appeal of actual video games, the industry has embraced 3-Gun competition, described by one gun writer as being  as close to a real-life first person shooter video game as you ll get without joining the military. The NRA, which is considered the most powerful lobby group in Washington along with other groups that promote violent activities like Israel s AIPAC, has a leash on Washington GOP politicians despite the fact that its promotion and profiteering off of guns has made America one of the most dangerous countries on the planet.The Brady Campaign, named after James Brady, who was permanently disabled after the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan in 1981, is a non-profit organization that has advocated for gun control for decades. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6930, Major Corporation Leaves South Carolina After Republican Introduces Anti-LGBT Bill,"South Carolina Republicans just introduced an anti-LGBT bill similar to laws passed in North Carolina and Mississippi, and they are already paying the price for it.GOP state Senator Lee Bright thinks trans people are a threat to the safety of women and children in bathrooms despite there being zero evidence of it across the country. I mean, years ago we kept talking about tolerance, tolerance, and tolerance, and now they want men who claim to be women to be able to go into bathrooms with children,  Bright said on the floor of the state Senate while introducing his legislation.  And you got corporations who say this is okay. But Bright s claim is a complete lie that is not based in fact. In 17 states and over 200 cities across the country that have passed protections for LGBT people against discrimination, there has not been a single recorded instance of a trans person entering a women s bathroom to sexually harass anyone.Yet Republicans have made the claim to justify their anti-LGBT bills anyway, making discrimination legal under the guise of religious liberty. North Carolina passed the odious law last month, and Mississippi did the same this month. So far, both states have faced a severe backlash and it is costing both states dearly.Businesses and corporations are threatening to pull out of the state and many have already done so or cancelled plans to expand into the states. Both are also facing the loss of billions of federal dollars.And corporations aren t even waiting for South Carolina Republicans to pass their own bill into law. Just introducing it was enough for one CEO to move his company to California rather than remain in a state that still embraces bigotry.Uphold is a financial services industry that allows users of the service to transfer deposits of bitcoin into reserve-backed currencies such as the dollar. It s a fast-growing business that has handled nearly $1 billion in transactions in just the last two years.CEO Anthony Watson is so disgusted by Bright s bill that he has decided to move his company, which is headquartered in Charleston, out of the state. Uphold is founded on the key pillars of transparency and accountability, and at our very core, we stand for fairness, inclusion and equality,  Watson wrote in a statement on the company website.  Just as Uphold brings financial services to everyone, everywhere, we ve also built a company that brings the principles of fairness, inclusion and equality to everything we do. Watson then proceeded to rip South Carolina Republicans a new one and announced his decision to launch a preemptive exodus out of the state rather than sit and watch as bigoted Republicans jam the bill into law. As the openly gay, British CEO of an American company, I have watched in shock and dismay as legislation has been abruptly proposed or enacted in several states across the union seeking to invalidate the basic protections and rights of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) U.S. citizens.Some of you may be aware that Uphold s U.S. headquarters is based in Charleston, South Carolina. In recent days, we have been made aware that South Carolina Sen. Lee Bright has introduced a bill largely mirroring North Carolina s controversial law that blocks local governments from passing LGBT-inclusive anti-discrimination ordinances. As such, we feel compelled to take action to oppose the discrimination being proposed in South Carolina and protect our LGBT employees.Today, Uphold has taken the difficult decision to move its U.S. corporate Headquarters from Charleston, South Carolina to Los Angeles, California.We will stand firm in our commitment to fairness, equality and inclusion and our strong conviction that we can make a difference by living our core values. It s the right thing to do for our members, employees, partners and the communities in which we live and work. The bold move will cost South Carolinians hundreds of jobs and will likely be a major blow to the state and local economies. It s just a taste of what South Carolina Republicans can expect if they continue on the path of taking the state backwards.Featured iamge via Wikimedia",0
6931, Bernie Sanders Receives First Endorsement From A Current U.S. Senator,"The conversation regarding super delegates has been very divisive in the Democratic Party. Hillary Clinton supporters cite her overwhelming super delegate support as evidence Hillary Clinton is the best candidate, while Bernie Sanders supporters cite it as evidence of corruption and an out-of-touch party, as many of those super delegates pledged allegiance to Secretary Clinton before the primaries even began.Super delegates don t cast their votes until the convention, so counting their votes before then when they can change until then is pointless, but it is noteworthy that Bernie Sanders finally received his first endorsement in the U.S. Senate. Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon wrote an op-ed in the New York Times outlining why he supports Bernie Sanders for president. In the op-ed, Senator Merkley said how he thinks both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are great candidates, but only Bernie Sanders will help us rethink how our economy and our politics work. Under President Obama s leadership, our country is fairer and more prosperous for all than it was seven years ago. But as we look toward the next administration, there is far more work to do. We need urgency. We need big ideas. We need to rethink the status quo,  wrote Senator Merkley.  It has been noted that Bernie has an uphill battle ahead of him to win the Democratic nomination. But his leadership on these issues and his willingness to fearlessly stand up to the powers that be have galvanized a grass-roots movement. People know that we don t just need better policies, we need a wholesale rethinking of how our economy and our politics work, and for whom they work. Oregon holds a closed primary on May 17th.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
6932, Debbie Wasserman Schultz Refuses To Debate Primary Challenger,"Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz s career is in jeopardy as a wave of resentful backlash in the Democratic Party over corrupt politics has affiliated her with everything that is wrong with establishment politics. Her poor leadership and lack of impartiality as Chair of the Democratic National Committee has disenfranchised millions of Democrats around the country, and has inspired thousands of progressive independents to not only support Senator Bernie Sanders for president, but her Democratic Primary Challenger, Tim Canova, as well.Refusing to take money from corporations or Super PACs, Mr. Canova has raised over $550,000 in the first quarter of 2016 from small donations averaging $20 each. Ms. Wasserman Schultz s flailing public image began its downward spiral after allegations surfaced she rigged the debate schedule of the Democratic Primaries to shield Hillary Clinton, on whose campaign she served as co-chair in 2008, from exposure.Now Debbie Wasserman Schultz is shielding herself from exposure by refusing to debate her Democratic primary challenger. On April 11th, Tim Canova tweeted a video clip of a Debbie Wasserman Schultz s District Director, Jodi Bock Davidson, swatting a cell phone out of one of Mr. Canova s campaign staffers hand after asking Debbie Wasserman Schultz if she would agree to a debate. Most staffers of politicians would have lost their job after such an incident, but Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who is no stranger to dirty politics, most likely applauded the response. Mr. Canova told a local South Florida newspaper he has sent three letters to the Debbie Wasserman Schultz campaign requesting to schedule a debate and has yet to receive any response. He has also started a petition on his campaign website for Debbie Wasserman Schultz to debate him. Debbie Wasserman Schultz continues to remain silent regarding his inquiries. She has often dodged questions about her primary opponent, hoping his surge will go away on its own if she ignores it. She told the Miami Herald Tim Canova won t change her campaign strategy, which makes little sense as she has never been challenged in her Democratic Primary since she entered Congress in 2004 until now, and her congressional district consists overwhelmingly of Democrats. It s no different than any other election I have. I have been on the ballot virtually every time. I do the same thing no matter whether I have primary opposition,  she said in the interview.Ms. Wasserman Schultz also dodged a question regarding why she thinks Tim Canova has gained the popularity he has. I really don t know,  answered Ms. Wasserman Schultz.  I am focused as I usually do on my own campaign, doing the best job I can to represent my constituents and that s my first responsibility is to do my job in Congress, to help elect a Democratic president and to make sure that in running for re-election people know the work I have done on their behalf. I m not remotely paying attention to what my opponent does. Apparently, not remotely paying attention to her opponent is synonymous with ignoring their requests to debate so voters can grasp a sense of where the two candidates differ on important issues to the constituency base. Ms. Wasserman Schultz s failure to engage with Tim Canova in a debate setting is undemocratic and sets a terrible example for the rest of the Democratic Party from its own Chair.Featured image via Flickr",0
6933," Clinton Campaign Has Been Collecting Dirt, Ready To Take On Donald Trump","Even though not all the states in the Democratic Primary have been accounted for, the Clinton campaign is feeling pretty confident as a surrogate reveals they are ready to take on Donald Trump in the general election.Their method? Release hell on the Donald Trump campaign with their copious amount of  opposition research.  David Brock, who spoke to Politico reporters, said:We [Democrats] can knock Trump Tower down to the sub-basement. American Bridge is building a database of all the regular people, from unpaid vendors to harassed tenants to defrauded students at Trump University, who got screwed over for one reason only: they took Trump at his word.American Bridge, as Brock refers to, is a group of private progressive donors who funnel money to Clinton s campaign through their PAC, and have apparently been collecting data and research on Trump since the summer of 2015. According to Brock, they have discovered a multitude of issues that Republicans missed when vetting the frontrunner. They also claim they have discovered  harmful information  that the media too has missed.What could be worse than what the media already knows? How much worse can he get after being exposed as a sexist, racist, xenophobic, bombastic, sensationalist fraud? Apparently that isn t enough to turn off voters, Brock warns. Instead, Democrats need to  be cautious, saying beating Trump will  not be a cakewalk,  but is possible if they paint him as  a danger to the Constitution, a menace to democracy, and a threat to the nation as a whole. Considering he s all three, this might be a cakewalk for Democrats. And what s even better is that American Bridge is as meticulous as Clinton herself, and has collected equally damaging evidence on rival Ted Cruz, should he squeak out a win at the Republican National Convention.As Brock puts it, should it come to it, this campaign will be a  bare-knuckles  campaign for the White House. And who better to come out swinging than Clinton? Featured image by Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
6934, This Important Video Sums Up Why Donald Trump MUST NOT Be President,"Despite the damage that the presidency of George W. Bush and his war mongering administration did to the reputation of the United States, the world continues to look at America as a place of hope and great possibilities. This can clearly be seen with the excitement and electricity generated when Barack Obama ran for and then won the presidency. The world realizes the influence the United States exerts on the planet and thus looks very closely at our political developments, especially when it relates to presidential candidates.Thus, much of the world has been alarmed and scared by the rise of Donald Trump, a man who has promised to do all sorts of crazy thing once he becomes president. He won t rule out using nuclear weapons, he s repeatedly insulted and threatened Mexicans with his stupid wall, he wants to kick start an arms race, he wants to ban Muslims from entering the United States, Islamophobia would be state policy, and he wants to punish women who have abortions.As is stated in the video below: If Trump actually makes it to the White House, there s only one thing you can predict about this wholly unpredictable man: There will be a surge in what people will call anti-American-ism. People will mock the nation as dumb, vulgar, and aggressive. It will be like it was in the Geroge W. Bush years, only much much worse. We don t need another Bush, or someone who can actually be worse if that s even possible. Let s help keep America safe from this man by doing what we can to make sure he does not become president.Watch and share this video:Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6935, Racist Vandalizes Bernie Sanders Supporter’s Car Then Brags About It Online,"A Bernie Sanders supporter s car was vandalized by Andy Hallinan. The man put two stickers over top of the woman s Bernie Sanders stickers. The stickers say  WARNING: This car is an MFV.  The letters  MFV  are short for  Muslim Free Zone.  The owner of the car saw photos of her vandalized car online. Hallinan posted two photos of himself before and after he put the stickers on the car, then posted them to them his businesses Facebook page. Hallinan is the owner of Florida Gun Supply, a gun store in Inverness, Florida. He has previously made headlines when he posted a video on his store s Facebook page, where he declared that the gun shop is a Muslim-free zone. The Council on American-Islamic Relations called on the Department of Justice to investigate the matter, claiming that banning Muslims from his store is a violation of federal law.The owner of the car wrote a post on Facebook where she said: I was at a Barnes and Noble today in Millbury Ma. I was drinking coffee and using my computer and posting and reading lots and lots of things about Bernie Sanders like I have been doing for some time now. Anyhow I come out to my car to find 2 stickers over my Bernie Sanders stickers. As soon as I got to an internet connection again I went to look up what the fuck the stickers where for and then I found a pic of my car on their website  Not only did they vandalize my car in my opinion they were trying to use my car to promote hate. And posted to their own FB page The sticker says Warning This car is a MFZ which means a Muslim Free Zone The car owner confronted Hallinan on his Facebook page where she was mocked by the page s fans:Social media is a powerful tool that lets people come together from all over the world to share ideas. Unfortunately, some of those people are only interested in spreading hate. Hallinan is not only interested in spreading his bigoted message   he s actually trying to profit from it by selling bumper stickers and promoting his store.Featured image from screenshot via Facebook ",0
6936, It’s On: GOP Chairman Just Declared WAR On Trump With This Tweet,"Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been bashing party leaders for several days after rival Ted Cruz has successfully maneuvered himself into securing several delegates. As Trump sees it, its unfair and undemocratic for Cruz to obtain delegates via state party meetings, arcane rules governing who receives delegates from primaries and the like.As a result, Trump has been loudly whining to the media.During an exclusive interview with The Hill at Trump Tower, Trump said,  It s a disgrace for the party. And Reince Priebus should be ashamed of himself. He should be ashamed of himself because he knows what s going on. Trump is furious with several aspects of the Republican nominating process, including how Colorado recently awarded all of its 34 delegates to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) without having a primary or a caucus. He doesn t agree that some delegates aren t bound to vote for their state or district winner at this summer s GOP convention in Cleveland. It should go to a vote in Colorado like other places.   The best way to do it would be just a vote, should be a vote of the people. That s the way it should be done. The delegate situation is a very unjust way of doing things. After months of sucking it up, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus finally spoke up, releasing a tweet that   without naming any names   ridiculed the argument that Trump has been making.Nomination process known for a year + beyond. It's the responsibility of the campaigns to understand it. Complaints now? Give us all a break  Reince Priebus (@Reince) April 13, 2016With those few words, Priebus gives establishment oxygen to the so-called #NeverTrump movement. The party does not want Trump to get the nomination, as he loses to both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders with double-digit percentages, while also he has already become a drag on down-ballot House and Senate races.The tweet shows that they may be willing to use every obscure party rule at their disposal at the convention in Cleveland in order to knock Trump off the ballot and turn to a candidate like Cruz, John Kasich, or even Mitt Romney, in order to stop a likely loss of the presidential election from becoming a complete bloodbath for the Republican Party.At the same time, Trump has shadowy figures in his corner like Republican dirty trickster Roger Stone and conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones, who already plan to protest in Cleveland, and have proposed a plan to confront delegates in their hotel rooms in order to keep pro-Trump votes in line.Featured image via Flickr",0
6937," Ben Stein Hilariously Bashes Trump, Tells Him To ‘Man Up’ And Stop His ‘Whiny Bitchiness’ (VIDEO)","Ben Stein is on a Trump-bashing spree again, and it s even more amazing than before. Just a week after he blasted the Republican front runner s sheer idiocy  in economics, Stein gave The Donald an epic tongue-lashing for his non-stop complaining about losing Colorado to his rival Ted Cruz.In an interview with Neil Cavuto on Tuesday afternoon, Stein didn t bother to mince his words as he condemned Trump for all of his  whiny bitchiness  after losing every single one of Colorado s delegates. Calling Trump a  big sulking baby , Stein hilariously pointed out that it was Trump s own fault for not reading the state s rules on the delegate process.While Trump s campaign b*tched and moaned about the  Gestapo tactics  that had supposedly caused Trump to suffer such a humiliating loss, Stein insisted that nothing of the sort had happened. Colorado s delegates had not been stolen, the system was not  crooked  or rigged, or anything other sorry excuse that Trump is claiming. Trump just sucks, and wasn t smart enough to read the rules beforehand. Stein mocked the ignorant business mogul: He didn t have one paid staffer on the ground. I assume he knows how to read. He s supposed to be so rich. Can t he hire someone to read the rules? What a great point. You can watch Stein s hilarious Trump attack below:To say that Stein likes bashing Trump is an understatement   he clearly loves it. Last month, Stein described Trump as a  big sulking baby  in a previous appearance on Cavuto s show, and he did so again last week. It looks like Stein has been holding his true feelings about Trump in for a long time, and is just getting started.But in all seriousness, Stein is terrified of the possibility of President Trump. In an interview with CNN, the conservative economist confessed that although he s been a life-long Republican voter, he would rather vote for a Democrat than see America s economy become destroyed under The Donald. Stein said: In all of my years as an economist, which is roughly 50 years, I ve never seen such nonsense as we just heard from Mr. Trump. And it breaks my heart, it makes me want to cry because I m Republican, I ve never voted for a Democrat, and to think the guy who s our likely standard bearer has such nonsensical ideas on every single aspect of the economy is just breathtakingly horrible. Featured image via Imeh Akpanudosen / Getty Images",0
6938, Fiscally Conservative GOP Governor Begs The Public To Pay His Bills For Him,"Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has blown so much money on his vanity presidential campaign that he put himself $1.2 million dollars in debt. An odd accomplishment for a  fiscally conservative  Republican who says that our government s debt is the most evil thing ever.Walker is trying to sell off the surplus garbage campaign merchandise that nobody wanted to buy the first time around, in order to cover his debts. He sent out an e-mail begging people to buy t-shirts from him for $45. If you really want to wear a t-shirt which will announce to everyone how stupid you are, you can find similar Walker merch online for about half the price.Walker isn t even able to fulfill color or size requests due to a  lack of resources.  He wants you to pay 45 bucks for something you may not even want to, or be physically able to, wear properly. Don t worry, though! If you get a shirt that is 3 sizes too small or a hideous color, he also said in the e-mail that the shirts can be framed or used for  crafty things  like a pillow cover or bag.That  exactly what I d do; Lay my head on a Scott Walker pillow as I stare at a Scott Walker framed t-shirt on my wall.Walker dropped $90,000 a day on his 70-day presidential run, which is a fact he isn t divulging to the people he s asking for cash. 70 days is pretty impressive to go from the great white right-wing hope to  Scott who? In the e-mail that he sent out to the people who are now upset that they forgot to unsubscribe from his mailing list months ago, Walker made some strange statements about how careful he is with money. If there is one thing the American people learned about me during our presidential campaign, it is that I am thrifty. Source: APWalker then went on to cite how he uses coupons and loves hitting up the discount racks when shopping. Do they give coupons for failed presidential vanity campaigns intended for boosting speaking fees and book deals?There s $1,200,000 worth of irony to be found in a  thrifty  guy, who is against big spending, asking people to waste 45 bucks on what is essentially an  I m with stupid  t-shirt. He would need a little over 26,000 people who are bad enough with their money to think this is a good deal, in order to cover his debt.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty ",0
6939, Mark Zuckerberg Masterfully Takes Donald Trump Down A Peg During Facebook Speech,"If there s anyone right now worthy of complete and utter condemnation, it s Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump. So, while speaking at a tech conference in San Francisco, Facebook Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg laid into Trump   hard.Zuckerberg said: I m starting to see people and nations turning inward against this idea of a connected world. I hear fearful voices talking about building walls  It takes courage to choose hope over fear. Instead of building walls we can help build bridges. Instead of dividing people we can connect people. We do it one person at a time, one connection at time. That s why I think the work we re doing together is more important than it has ever been before. This, of course, is a direct jab at Trump s ridiculous idea that the United States should build a giant wall spanning the entire length of the U.S./Mexico border. And Zuckerberg is right   we shouldn t be building walls, we should be tearing them down and building relationships that will foster future growth and development between the neighboring nations.Zuckerberg also said: Our lives are connected. Whether we re welcoming a refugee fleeing war or an immigrant seeking new opportunity. Whether we re coming together to fight global diseases like Ebola or to fight climate change, we have the courage to see that the path forward is to bring people together, not push people apart. Which is exactly right. We don t need a leader of our nation that is going to build walls to keep the world out, and in essence, keep us in. This sort of isolationist, xenophobic and nonsensical fear-baiting serves absolutely no one. It doesn t keep us safer, and it most certainly doesn t foster relationships with the rest of the world. Hopefully the nation will come together this November who will seek to build bridges and not walls.Featured Photo by Adam Berry/Getty Images via Flickr",0
6940, NC Governor Just Slapped The LGBT Community Even Harder With This Horrific Executive Order,"After North Carolina passed their new bigoted anti-LGBT law and Governor Pat McCrory signed it into law, he alongside the state has received a massive amount of backlash against the legislated hate.Taking this backlash into account, McCrory released a statement: After listening to people s feedback for the past several weeks on this issue, I have come to the conclusion that there is a great deal of misinformation, misinterpretation, confusion, a lot of passion and frankly, selective outrage and hypocrisy, especially against the great state of North Carolina. Based upon this feedback, I am taking action to affirm and improve the state s commitment to privacy and equality. Which basically is a non-answer and he s just pissed people are pissed at himself and his state. What exactly does his executive order include? A whole lotta nothing.Here s what McCrory s executive order states: Common sense gender-specific ?? What does that even mean. He s literally taking his hand, raising it up, and slapping the transgender community in the f*cking face with that load of bullshit. And he s still letting private businesses be bigoted jerks if they so choose, even if they serve the public at large   14th amendment be damned. Then as an ultimate cop-out he s leaving anything to actually be done about the hate to  local governments.  The only thing that maaaybe could be considered decent and humane is to expand the employment policy and seek legislation. However, he s seeking legislation in the same damn state house that wrote the legalized discrimination in the first place. So, all in all   this executive order is a big ole piece of useless horseshit.McCrory honestly doesn t seem to see the error his state legislator s ways or his own. He s, in essence, doubling down on anti-LGBT hate, and not doing a damn thing about the law itself. What needs to happen is for the law to be entirely repealed and protections enacted not for religious zealots, but for LGBT individuals.North Carolina s governor ought to be ashamed of himself. This is nothing but just another giant slap in the face to the LGBT community.Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6941, Scarborough Shreds Last Bit Of Credibility By Floating This Insane Obama Conspiracy Theory (VIDEO),"In the last several months, Joe Scarborough   a one-time Republican politician and now host of MSNBC s Morning Joe   has gone so deep into Trumpmania and anti-Obama hysteria that it s hard to imagine his reputation ever recovering. On a recent Morning Joe broadcast, viewers got to watch as he torched the last bit of his integrity to take yet another cheap shot at President Obama at the expense of both common sense and objective reality.In the episode, Scarborough poured over Obama s recent interview with Fox News and concluded that the president was giving investigators probing Hillary Clinton s email servers coded, hidden messages through the airwaves. Tin foil hat firmly in place, Scarborough accused Obama of tampering with the investigation.Obama  said he wasn t going to talk to the attorney general about the pending investigation, but he just did,  he lamented. Talk about a rigged process. Scarborough s frequent guest and occasional yes man Bloomberg editor Mark Halperin agreed. It seemed ill-advised to say,  OK, I ve got no connection to this, but here s what I know about it and here s my conclusion,    Halperin said on MSNBC. He should just say,  I shouldn t talk about it,    Halperin added.    There s a pending investigation and I should keep myself away from it in every way and leave this to the independence of the Justice Department.  I don t know why he went on at such length defending her, because, in theory, he shouldn t really know the facts of the case. Both men seem to have very little understanding of the investigation or the context in which Obama stated his opinions. Scarborough in particular seems to have gotten his information from right-wing memes he read online. At one point, he claimed  over 100  agents were working on investigating Clinton s wrongdoing   a figure based on a long-debunked right-wing lie started by a Republican politician (for obvious reasons).Equally bogus is the idea that Obama could influence the investigation by stating his personal opinion in a Fox News interview. Given the fact that the president has repeatedly stood by his former Secretary of State, the premise that FBI agents would be oblivious to which way Obama leaned is laughable. He, like most of the country, finds the email  scandal  a waste of time, resources, and money (a lot of money). It s not exactly exposing nuclear launch codes if he tells reporters that Clinton s emails were mostly harmless   that s public record.Not that Scarborough would ever admit it, but even Republican presidents tend to side with their political allies and employees. George W. Bush, he might recall, was a fierce defender of Vice President Cheney s chief of staff  Scooter  Libby even after he was found guilty of lying about his boss s leak of an undercover CIA operative. Bush would later go as far as to commute Libby s sentence just before he left office.Unlike the tangible damage, Cheney s office did to national security, Clinton s email controversy is vague to the point of meaninglessness. The public has had a hard time getting itself worked up over the scandal because as far as anybody can tell, nothing truly damaging happened. As both Obama and Clinton have acknowledged, using a private email was  careless  but it wasn t exactly harmful.And thus Scarborough once again has embarrassed himself with a wild haymaker that failed to land.Featured image via MSNBC",0
6942, Watch: Another Black Protester Is Brutally Attacked By A White Trump Fan (VIDEO),"On Monday, what has unfortunately become a routinely occurrence at Donald Trump rallies has happened yet again: a black protester was violently attacked by one of the Republican front runner s insane racist fans.The incident happened at a rally in Albany, NY and was posted to social media by The Daily Gazette s Kate Seckinger. In the short clip, a group of protesters were being confronted by several of Trump s loyal fans when things suddenly got out of hand and took a turn for the worst. One of the men from the crowd lunged forward and grabbed one of the protesters (an African-American male) in the face. Other rallygoers tried to control the attack and pull the enraged Trump fan off of the protester, but not before he struck the protester across the face again. You can watch the disturbing attack below:Fight breaks out at @realDonaldTrump rally at the @TUCenter pic.twitter.com/YMZh60seGp  Kate Seckinger (@KateSeckinger) April 11, 2016The attacker, who later identified himself as  Mike , explains why he attacked the protester in the baffling clip below, courtesy of MSNBC. Basically, his justification for the violence was: I have my personal rights and my personal space. They re gonna start yelling about some bullsh*t, I ll snatch your *ss up. That s all. Mike claimed the supporter was  yelling in my face , but if you watched the clip of the attack, it s clear that the protester wasn t anywhere near Mike s personal space   Mike had to push through several people just to get close enough to attack the protester. It s also interesting that he would make a direct beeline for the only African-American protester. But anyway, here s Mike justifying his senseless act of violence and racism:It s unclear if any charges will come of this attack, and according to police no arrests were made.When MSNBC s reporter asked Mike if he was a Trump supporter, his answer explained everything. Mike said: Hell yeah! He s no bullsh*t. All balls. F*ck you all balls. That s what I m about. These kind of attacks at Trump s rallies are so unfortunately common. They are not only racially motivated and many times brought on by nothing at all, but they are encouraged by the disgraceful candidate himself. Trump has continually denied that his rallies are peaceful and safe enough for children to attend, however there is more than enough evidence to prove otherwise. Trump is running an irresponsible, anger-fueled campaign, and his supporters are just as racist, irrational and dangerous as he is. People like Trump and Mike are a disgrace to not only America, but humanity itself.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6943, Mississippi Baker Who Made Cake For Republican Governor Publicly Humiliates Him,"Mississippi Republicans should worry about the billions of federal dollars they are about to lose but they should also worry about the Christian bakers they have pissed off.Just a few days ago, bakery owner Mitchell Moore blasted Republicans in his state for passing an anti-LGBT law that allows bigoted Christians to discriminate against employees and customers at will for any reason as long as they hide behind a so-called  sincerely held religious belief  to do so. The assumption that they think that they re looking out for us   that s not what they are doing,  Moore said during an interview about the new law, known as HB 1523.  We rank number one   our state government is the most dependent on federal money. We are the third most obese state. We rank at the bottom in unemployment, in education. We ve got crumbling infrastructure. None of them are being tackled. Instead, we are passing, hey-let s-discriminate bills. And now, a baker who made a cake for Governor Phil Bryant s inauguration is humiliating him and his Republican allies for making it difficult to be proud of Mississippi. Look Governor Bryant, we will make cakes for anyone!  Biloxi Cake Artist Extraordinaire Jennifer Noble wrote on Facebook underneath an image of her posing with Bryant.  Including backwards thinking politicians that make it hard to be proud of being a Mississippian. We never wanted this. Quit using our industry as an excuse to deny the separation of church and state. She then announced that she had removed the picture she took with Bryant and said she regrets posing for the photo now and is embarrassed she ever posted the picture on her page.Here s the full post via Facebook:So far, Noble s Facebook post has drawn nothing but positive responses and applause while Governor Bryant is still getting hammered for signing the discriminatory bill into law.And rightfully so. Bryant and his fellow Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for passing such a law and they should work to repeal it as soon as possible before Mississippi businesses decide that denying services to Republican lawmakers is their own  sincerely held religious belief. Featured Image: Facebook",0
6944, Paul Ryan Wants You To Know Once And For All: He Is Not Running For President,"The 2016 crop of GOP Clown Car candidates is simply awful. We have Donald Trump, who is a cartoonishly violent bigot with bottom-feeding imbecilic bigots for a base of supporters, and we have anti-gay, anti-woman neanderthal Ted Cruz, who is hellbent on turning America into his personal Evangelical church. Then there s John Kasich, who is seemingly a bit more moderate, but not really. At any rate, it s not like he stands a snowball s chance in hell at this point of snagging the nomination anyway.These sad facts have led to a literal civil war within the Republican Party, and many whispers that current Speaker of the House Paul Ryan might nose his way into the race at the last minute, should the Cleveland convention become contested. There s just one problem with that pipe dream for establishment Republicans looking to save their party, though: Speaker Ryan has absolutely zero intention of running for President.On Tuesday, Ryan said of the prospect of his running in a radio interview, via Alan.com: I am not going to be the nominee, I don t want to be the nominee,  Ryan said during a radio interview Tuesday.  If I wanted to be president, I would have run for president. This is a very scary thing for the GOP, because Cruz is a universally disliked extremist who is known to do things such as embrace an idiot preacher who once tried to perform an exorcism on President Obama, and Trump is a flagrant racist and misogynist who gets off on starting wars with female Fox hosts with whom he disagrees.Paul Ryan is set to make a statement at 2:15 PM CST ( 3:15 PM EST) on Tuesday to put to rest the untrue rumors that he has any interest whatsoever of attempting to put himself into the Oval Office due to the fractured nature of his party.Good luck, GOP. Looks like your last Trojan horse in the 2016 race just dashed all your hopes.Featured image via Getty",0
6945," President Obama Wants A Woman To Be President, And That’s Not All (VIDEO)","The road to full equality for women has been long and it s been arduous, and we re still not there. Women are still not paid equal amounts to men for the same work in professions all across the nation. And to this day, women are still put down for their ambition, or seen as less than even if they hold superior experience and knowledge.One person who is definitely tired of this rampant inequality is President Barack Obama. He s been talking about women s equality since day one. He wants a nation where his daughters are treated the same regardless of gender. He wants their dreams to be just and big and bold as any boy s as they grow in to amazing young women.While speaking at the new Belmont-Paul Women s Equality National Monument, Obama stated: I want young girls and boys to come here 10, 20, 100 years from now to know that women fought for equality, it was not just given to them. I want them to come here and be astonished there was ever a time when women could not vote. I want them to be astonished that there was ever a time when women earned less than men for doing the same work. I want them to be astonished that there was ever a time when women were vastly outnumbered in the boardroom or in Congress, that there was ever a time when a woman had never sat in the Oval Office . I don t know how long it will take to get there, but I know we re getting closer to that day, because of the work of generations of active, committed citizens. While this isn t a direct endorsement of any particular candidate, it does show the president s ongoing commitment to making sure women are treated just the same as men, no matter the job. And there was no greater place to bring this message than at the new Belmont-Paul Women s Equality National Monument.Thank you, Mr. President. https://youtu.be/vpwyV7Lc3FA?t=9m33sFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6946, Boeing Cuts 10% Of Jobs After Receiving $8.7 Billion In Government Tax Breaks And Subsidies,"The Commercial Airplane Corporation, Boeing, announced job cuts for 2016 are likely to reduce the company s workforce by ten percent, roughly 8,000 jobs lost, according to Seattle Times. The company cited operating and labor costs as the reason for the job cuts, but that is inexcusable given the company received $8.7 billion in government subsidies and tax breaks in 2013 for building the 777x in the state of Washington. The company has already eliminated 9,000 jobs in the region since 2012.Boeing epitomizes how the economy is rigged to favor corporations and the wealthy. Boeing is assisted by the government to increase production and built new operations, and in return the government does not receive any share of the profits. In the company s efforts to increase profits, the workers and their families carry the burden. There is no accountability or terms of conditions for companies like Boeing who receive government handouts. This is corporate socialism.Robert Reich told Rolling Stone in an interview this past October about the building blocks of capitalism,  every one of these building blocks has been altered over the last 30 years by very powerful money interests who have succeeded in changing these building blocks so that they improve the finances and enhance the profits of big companies   Wall Street and the very wealthy   but make most other people worse off. He added in the interview a free market cannot exist without government setting the rules, but the government has been setting the rules to favor wealthy corporations who have been insulating themselves from the competitive market.What we have seen in the past few decades, and has worsened in the wake of the Citizens United SCOTUS ruling, is corporate and wealthy influences have pushed for government to set the rules in their favor so they can maximize their profits while the working and middle classes in this country. Politicians now have to worry more about who is going to fund them or their opponent in an election, leaving little to no time to focus on what is actually best for the public interest.Featured Image via Flickr",0
6947, Elementary School Goes On Lockdown After Right-Wing Dad Threatens Teachers Over Sex Ed Class,"If there is one thing conservatives hate more than President Obama, it is the thought of their children receiving a well-rounded education   especially one that involves comprehensive sex education. In fact, an Iowa father was so enraged about the health class being taught that he caused an elementary school and others to go into lockdown.Decorah police say Bruce  Deano  Divers, Jr.  has been arrested and charged with three counts for causing the lockdown when he threatened two teachers on Facebook and sent an email promising to retaliate against the school because of health classes. The Decorah School District released a statement on Sunday night telling parents that schools would be in lockdown on Monday as a precautionary measure.According to KWWL News after they ran the original story, Divers reached out to them and sent them a copy of the email he sent the school. It read: Decorah schools spiritually declared war against my house today. When I retaliate Monday morning Apparently, this right-wing nutjob believes that a holy war has been waged because his child was given health information. Ironically, he could have avoided the entire situation if he d done his job as a parent months ago, according to Superintendent Mike Haluska. Interestingly enough, we have paper work available at the beginning of the school year for anyone who wishes to have their children exempted from any conversations that have to do with that type of subject matter. So what exactly were the kids learning about that pissed him off so much? It had to be about sex, right?WRONG.Superintendent Haluska said that the fourth-grade students were learning about puberty and human body growth. He freaked out because his kid was taught about puberty. Seriously. That s how crazy science-hating conservatives are. Let s forget for a minute that comprehensive sex education is vital to reducing the occurrence of sexually transmitted diseases and reducing the rate of teen pregnancy, learning about their bodies in a health class is absolutely vital to be able to function in society.We ve all seen the movie Carrie, do you remember when she got her period but had no idea what the hell it was because of her crazy religious mother kept her sheltered?That s what right-wing, anti-education parents what to subject their kids to.Featured image via screenshot",0
6948, Trump May Have Just Killed This Vile Conservative Anti-Woman Crusader’s Career,"Supporting Donald Trump was a senile move too far.Back in the 1970s, conservative Eagle Forum founder Phyllis Schlafly became an enemy to women across the country by leading the charge to defeat the Equal Rights Amendment which would have enshrined gender equality in the Constitution.For decades since, Schlafly has made it her mission to degrade and reduce women to submissive household slaves who have no other duty than to take a husband, be an incubator for fetuses, and leave jobs, politics, and education to the men.All of that should have been enough to make Schlafly a national pariah banished to the extreme fringe of society where she would never be seen or heard from again, but it apparently wasn t.But now it appears her downfall is finally near.Say what you want about Donald Trump, but the one thing he seems to be doing best during this campaign season is splitting the Republican Party and causing political civil war within the conservative ranks.Even among the leadership of the Eagle Forum, Trump has created a divide that has resulted in a power struggle that could at long last rid America of one of the most hated conservative power players.As it turns out, Schlafly s own daughter and several members of the Eagle Forum board who support Ted Cruz are making an effort to oust the 91-year-old because she supports Donald Trump, the St. Louis Post Dispatch reports. It s disloyal and it s terribly shocking, and I m completely depressed about it,  Schlafly whined before a meeting that resulted in the axing of Eagle Forum President Ed Martin, a longtime Phyllis Schlafly minion who believes the  hostile takeover  is due to  Schlafly s endorsement of Trump. The attendees purported to pass several motions to wrest control of the organization from me,  Schlafly claimed.  They are attempting to seize access to our bank accounts, to terminate employees, and   to control the bank accounts and all of Eagle Forum. Gee, you re being treated like shit and think it s unfair? Congratulations! You feel the same way that millions of women in this country have felt since you aided in cheating them out of a constitutional amendment that would have mandated equality and fairness. And it s about time karma came knocking at Schlafly s door to bite her in the ass.Here s the video of Schlafly endorsing Trump in St. Louis last month via YouTube.Donald Trump is an anti-women ignoramus who would be a complete disaster for our country if he were to become president. But now he can claim to have done at least one good thing for women and our nation as a whole by duping Phyllis Schlafly into supporting him and destroying her own power in the process. Featured image via YouTube",0
6949, Anonymous Posts Video Of Donald Trump That Shows How CRAZY It Would Be To Elect Him President,"Donald Trump has shown his true colors time and time again while running for the Republican nomination for the presidency. Thus far we ve discovered that he advocates for violence at his rallies, he has racist tendencies, and he says many creepy things about women, including his own daughter. While all of these factors have put a dent in his possible nomination, he still has a comfortable delegate lead and he polls well in upcoming contests. Despite the overwhelming evidence that Trump is a certified douche bag, there are voters out there who find his insanity appealing. Now comes another video that the hacker collective Anonymous posted that proves just how absurd it would be to elect this man as the representative of our country and the symbol of our nation.Watch video here:The clip was taken in 2007 at Wrestlemania, and it shows Donald Trump tackling  professional wrestling promoter Vince McMahon and then beating him to the ground. Trump then triumphantly pumps his fists in the air. A disgruntled McMahon is then tied to a chair and Trump is shown shaving his head as the crowd cheers him on.While this video is quite entertaining, it s very hard to imagine that the guy  we just watched clotheline and shave Vince McMahon s head could be the leader of our military, the planner of our economy, and the guy who represents America to the world.Let s hope that Donald Trump running for president is just a short and funny clip in America s history and nothing more. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6950, This GOP Lawmaker Is A Bigger Threat To Women’s Safety Than The Trans People He Hates,"An official investigation into a Tennessee Republican found him to be more dangerous to the personal safety of women than the LGBT people he wants to ban from using public restrooms.Tennessee state Rep. Jeremy Durham has sponsored a bill similar to anti-LGBT laws passed in North Carolina and Mississippi, which Republicans claim are necessary for the security of women.But according to an assessment by Tennessee Attorney General Herbert Slatery, Durham himself represents the true threat to women.During an investigation that is still ongoing, Slatery felt that he should warn Tennessee House Speaker Beth Harwell that Durham has engaged in inappropriate contact with female employees of the legislature and is threat to their safety. Based upon the information gathered thus far, Representative Durham s alleged behavior may pose a continuing risk to unsuspecting women who are employed by or interact with the legislature,  Slatery reported.Slatery went on to list the information gathered from interviews with 34 women Durham has interacted with, including that he held  a superior position of power to the women,  obtained their contact information under false pretenses, tried to meet with the women alone and contacted them  about non-legislative matters,  tried to serve them alcohol, and made inappropriate comments and  engaged in inappropriate physical contact with some women. Durham s bill would ban transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity because he thinks they pose a danger to women.Of course, there is not one example throughout the 17 states and over 200 cities that have protections in place for transgender people of a trans person doing anything in a women s bathroom other than using the facilities.Durham, however, has been labelled a real danger to women and his own access to entire buildings has been restricted. These proactive steps include reassigning Rep. Durham s office from the War Memorial Building to the ground floor of the Rachel Jackson Building, and limiting his access to the Legislative Plaza, War Memorial Building, Rachel Jackson Building, and 2nd floor of the State Capitol for official legislative business only. These actions will be taken immediately,  Speaker Harwell announced via email to The Tennessean.In short, Republicans are hypocrites and perhaps there should be laws to protect women from them.Featured image via Facebook",0
6951, Poverty Kills As The Rich Live Longer Than Ever (INFOGRAPHIC),"The Republican war on poor people has been killing Americans and now we have the proof. A study published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association shows clearly that poverty compounded by Republican refusal to spend money on the poor is unnecessarily shortening the lives of millions of people. We know that it s unnecessary because in the parts of the country where the poor are not treated like animals, they live longer.It s so bad that in some of the poorer parts of America, people have a life expectancy on par with developing African nations:The poor in some cities   big ones like New York and Los Angeles, and also quite a few smaller ones like Birmingham, Ala.   live nearly as long as their middle-class neighbors or have seen rising life expectancy in the 21st century. But in some other parts of the country, adults with the lowest incomes die on average as young as people in much poorer nations like Rwanda, and their life spans are getting shorter.Meanwhile, the rich continue to live longer because in America, even longevity is for sale to the highest bidder: the gap in life spans between rich and poor widened from 2001 to 2014. The top 1 percent in income among American men live 15 years longer than the poorest 1 percent; for women, the gap is 10 years. These rich Americans have gained three years of longevity just in this century. They live longer almost without regard to where they live.Here s the map put together by the New York Times color coded for average lifespan. Notice that most of the low-end life expectancy is located squarely in Republican controlled states:This is a direct result of Republicans refusing to lift a finger to help those most in need. Between refusing to expand Medicaid, savage cuts to food stamps and a general attitude of  die quickly,  conservative politics are killing people with their greed and inhumanity.But it s more than just a lack of access to doctors that is killing the poor. By denying them any kind of economic help, the poor are forced to eat junk food because that s all they can afford. By denying them a proper education and job opportunities, the poor are highly stressed, already bad for your health, and have been turning to drugs and alcohol to cope:Life expectancy for the poor is lowest in a large swath that cuts through the middle of the country, and it appears in pockets in the rest of the country, in places like Nevada. David M. Cutler, a Harvard economist and an author of the paper, calls it the  drug overdose belt,  because the area matches in part a map of where the nation s opioid epidemic is concentrated.The good news/bad news is that in the places where the poor are not treated like lepers, they love much longer and healthier lives. Birmingham, Alabama took numerous measures to improve the public s health and, shockingly, it helped:In the area in and around Birmingham, Ala., the life span for adults in the bottom quarter of income rose 3.8 years for men and 2.2 years for women from 2001 to 2014.Clearly, they must have used the big government to tell you what size soda to drink, right? Well, not so much:The county expanded availability of preventive health care like vaccinations and mammograms by opening clinics in poorer neighborhoods in the 1990s and early 2000s (though recently it has closed some of the clinics). Although a relatively high percentage of the population lacks health insurance, a portion of local taxes goes to hospital care for those who cannot pay. The county has been ahead of the rest of Alabama in banning smoking in restaurants and workplaces, with a law enacted in 2012. And philanthropic foundations backed by old industrial money have funded campaigns to make people healthier in the Birmingham area.If the Republican-controlled legislature of Alabama had expanded Medicaid instead of throwing a temper tantrum, these measures would be even MORE effective. Still, Birmingham proves that even with a state government dedicated to hurting the poor, local governments can, and do, still mitigate much of the damage.The bottom line here is that while the rich reap the benefits of better doctors, less stress and access to healthy foods, the poor in large swathes of the country are denied the same, mostly by the rich and their puppets in the Republican Party. The net result is that millions of people are dying before their time so a small group of people can amass more wealth and power. Sadly, this drive to succeed at the expense of others is the new American Dream.The only silver lining here is that many of those same poor people have finally, finally figured out that Republicans are not going to help them. Sure, they turned to Donald Trump for leadership but even after he s gone, they ll remember who s been stabbing them in the back for decades. They may never embrace the Democrats but maybe, just maybe, they ll start demanding Republicans stop catering to the rich while throwing the poor the crumbs.We can only hope.Featured image via NY Times",0
6952, Samantha Bee Takes On The NRA And Its ‘Asinine’ Mascot And It Is GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"The National Rifle Association (NRA) is opposed to any and all sensible legislation when it comes to purchasing firearms. They want there to be no background checks, no questions   and definitely no waiting periods whatsoever. According to this nutty group, anyone and everyone should be able to have as many guns as they want, whenever they want, and however they want. This is most curious, though, considering that they are much more strict with how difficult they make it to dress up as their mascot, a large bird-like creature known as Eddie Eagle.Investigating this phenomenon is Full Frontal host Samantha Bee. You see, this awesomely hilarious lady wanted to dress up like the mascot, only to find that the NRA forces a 20-day waiting period for dressing up as Eddie Eagle, and bans resales of the costume on the interwebs. Bee says of the experience: There s something about that costume   so mockable. So asinine. I had to have one. Bee soon discovered that she d be better off just trying to get a gun online than trying to dress up as that silly bird: But you know what I could buy online without a big hassle? A used shotgun on armslist.com from a random guy down the road from the TBS headquarters in Atlanta. So I had one of my employees buy it from him in a parking lot without a background check from the trunk of his car. This just goes to show how ridiculous the NRA s stances are. They d rather you be able to buy a killing machine than dress up in their precious bird costume. None of the people running that organization need to have firearms or any sort of weapons whatsoever, because they clearly lack basic sense.Bravo, Ms. Bee for exposing this absolute insanity.Watch the video of Samantha Bee and Eddie Eagle below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6953, GOP Senator Loses His Sh*t On Twitter Over Trump’s Colorado ‘Temper Tantrum’ (TWEETS),"On Monday morning, Donald Trump appeared on Fox & Friends and raged over his loss in Colorado. The Republican frontrunner s tantrum was so bad that it caused a GOP Senator to absolutely lose his shit on Twitter.Senator Cory Gardner was livid that Trump has been bashing the state after his loss, especially since the rules for delegate counts were set up months ago. However, it was only after his embarrassing defeat that he decided he no longer wanted to play by the rules   typical Trump. After all of the whining, Senator Gardner decided to put The Donald in his place in an epic rant:If you can t figure out the Colorado GOP delegate process how can you figure out how to balance the national budget?  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016 If you cannot navigate the @cologop convention what is your plan for Putin? #copolitics  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016How can you protect Israel at the UN when you re completely baffled by the @cologop convention process? -CG #copolitics  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016 How on earth are you going to defeat ISIS if you can t figure out the @cologop convention? -CG #copolitics  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016The answer to those questions, of course, is that he has no plans. He never has. He tells his  poorly educated  supporters that he does, but he can t give out all of his secrets because someone might  steal  his ideas. His supporters, in turn, tell everyone else this load of baloney as if it s completely normal that a man who is running for President of the United States is refusing to tell people what he is going to do for the country. The senator had a lot more to say:Spoke to dozens of Trump supporters this weekend, listened to his surrogate speak twice, not 1 person complained abt process until he lost.  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016 .@tedcruz showed up to the @cologop convention. @realDonaldTrump only sent a surrogate. Cruz swept. Elections are won by those who show up.  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016Darryl Glenn came out of nowhere to win @cologop convention for US Senate. That should be the story. Not @realDonaldTrump s temper tantrum.  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016I ve attended CO GOP conventions for years. It requires organization & attn to grassroots to win. Cruz had it. Trump didn t. End of story.  Cory Gardner (@CoryGardner) April 12, 2016That should be the end of the story, but Trump is a terrible loser. Instead of just admitting that Cruz won fair and square, someone must have cheated. It s a conspiracy!The reality is that Trump throws these fits because it furthers the narrative that he is the underdog fighting against the big, bad GOP establishment. And because his supporters do not have the common sense of a toddler, they believe him.It s not every day that a Republican senator so thoroughly owns Trump, so we must give credit where credit is due: bravo Senator Gardner.Featured image via  Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images (altered)",0
6954," Trevor Noah Just Came Up With The Perfect Job For Donald Trump, And It’s Not President (VIDEO)","On Monday night s Daily Show, host Trevor Noah wrestled with the problem facing Americans in any election cycle: we want both a president and a drinking buddy. Someone who can get the job done, but someone to whom we can relate. But it s ok now, because Noah solved it.Noah s sensible and hilarious conclusion is that America  must elect both a president and a mascot. Think how much time and embarrassment candidates would save if they didn t have to run around pretending to be normal people? Noah runs through the shambles of Hillary Clinton s subway ride, Bernie Sanders singing along to Hamilton, and John Kasich stuffing his face like an idiot (a focus group must have discovered gluttony is now an attractive trait in a candidate). Voters need a brilliant policy mind..but at the same time, Americans want a leader who s just a fun best friend.And I get that. But maybe, we shouldn t demand that these two be the same person? Isn t it a stroke of genius? Someone with capability, intellect and knowledge   who can devise and execute smart and effective policy. And someone to wave their arms about, shouts encouraging cheers, kisses babies and generally just pump everybody the hell up.But where, Noah wonders, would we find a  brightly colored cartoon character  with  a giant head and weird-sized hands ?Then he lands on it. We already found him. He s the current GOP frontrunner.While Donald Trump may not be fit to be American President, he would make a damn fine American Mascot.Even better, we would never have to watch Hillary Clinton attempt to Whip or Nae Nae ever again. There is literally no downside to this plan. So come Election 2016: Vote Trump, for American Mascot. Do your part  to  Make America Great Again. Featured image via screengrab",0
6955, This Moving Message To Trump Supporters Might Just Make America Great Again (VIDEO),"What started as a prank to annoy Trump supporters has turned into a viral vide which may just help Americans  come back together again   and that really would be great.A group of Muslim men walk into a Trump rally It sounds like the set up either to a joke, or a news report. But actually, it s a true story. As Patheos reports:Peace House, a media, art and activism group, sent a few Muslims  undercover  to a Trump rally, where they acted like Trump supporters themselves, to get to know the supporters and see how they would be treated. As they said in the video produced from their experience, they thought they d come away with footage that would prove funny and show supporters to be the caricatures many others thought them to be.The group entered the Donald Trump rally wearing  Muslims for Trump  T-shirts. They had seen protesters violently assaulted and evicted from previous rallies, and they arrived to get a good laugh at the expense of some dollar store racists.They began by hamming up the Islamophobia. You should be scared standing next to me right now  one of the men tells a concerned looking Trump supporter. I ve gotta be extra careful, I ve gotta look at myself in the mirror every morning and say  Don t do anything stupid.' But when they started actually talking with people in the crowd, they stopped laughing, as something dawned on them. These people weren t monsters. They were justifiably angry, but their anger had been misdirected. It made them want to make a very different video, one that would bring people back together, rather than separate them further. As they explain in the video: What happened to us completely changed our view of Trump supporters We went expecting the worst. But all of us were pretty surprised to see how loving and good intentioned these people were. If you voted for Trump, or you re planning on it, please watch this video. We wanna reach out to you. What follows is a truly extraordinary insight into how America might begin to heal itself from one of the most divisive and brutal electoral cycles in its history.https://www.facebook.com/PeacehouseUS/videos/527339194115003/The video has already racked up over 8 million views in around 24 hours, and the response has been overwhelmingly positive. The group even reached out to Mr. Trump on Twitter to send the message directly to the source..@realDonaldTrump we have a humble message for you and your supporters. #LetsTalk https://t.co/P8m8KvbSoE  Peace House (@PeaceHouseUS) April 11, 2016Instead of getting shut down, people responded to the message like you might to an oasis in a desert. The relief is palpable.@PeaceHouseUS @realDonaldTrump thank u so much for this wonderful reminder! We are all in this 2gether and need to fight against them not us  Maris Lawson (@immaris) April 11, 2016@PeaceHouseUS this touched, and moved me! Thank you. You're message is appreciated & indispensable . For those who listen. It will resonate  Kev (@seeukev) April 11, 2016Comment via Facebook The Peace House video has captured people hearts, and their imaginations, reminding us all of what actually makes America great. That is a collective and cooperative spirit, that makes us greater than the sum of our parts.Featured image via screengrab",0
6956, Hillary Clinton And Bill Blasio’s Racist ‘Joke’ May Have Just Lost Her The Black Vote (VIDEO),".New York City s Inner Circle Dinner is typically an event where politicians and journalists rub elbows to raise money for charity by participating in parody skits for the enjoyment of donors. People who go expect to see some famous faces, have some laughs and do some good for their city. What they don t expect is for things to turn racist, which is, sadly, what happened when Mayor Bill Blasio and Hillary Clinton took the stage to perform a skit about Blasio s endorsement of the former Secretary of State taking a little too long for her liking.That s when the unfortunate happened. Like most public appearances by politicians, these things are typically scripted by a speech-writing team. How this one slipped past the goalie without anyone realizing how incredibly derogatory it is is baffling. It s unclear which of the pair s team came up with the  joke,  but what is clear is that it was NOT funny. Clinton starts by razzing Blasio for taking too long to endorse her, to which Blasio responds,  I was on C.P. time.  Clinton jumps in and adds that it means  cautious politician time. C.P. time  is actually a slang term for  colored people time,  intended to make fun of black people for being late. It s a horrible stereotype by itself, but when you add the insult of  colored people,  you have a joke that was destined to fail from the get-go.Blasio, whose wife is black and whose children are mixed-race, has been known to make racially charged comments in the past, perhaps believing that his own family demographics give him a pass, but Secretary Clinton, who isn t known as a racist, most certainly should have known better than to take part in that skit. She will certainly struggle to explain it and the apology machine will have to move swiftly to make this right. With the Democratic primaries already devolving into a mudslinging match, the last thing Clinton   or the party   needs is to fuel the fires of Bernie supporters who already classify her as a Republican.It would be extremely hypocritical for us as Democrats and liberals to overlook the incident completely and attempt to brush it off as  merely a joke,  considering what we would do and say if it were Ted Cruz or Donald Trump on that stage. This was a massive gaffe that shows that no matter how progressive our leaders are, even they can be insensitive to the racial tensions we face as a nation.Here s the scene, courtesy of the New York Post:Featured image from screen capture",0
6957," Secret Documents Reveal Connection Between Planned Parenthood Terrorist, Anti-Abortion Movement","In the immediate aftermath of the shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs that killed three people and injured nine, conservatives did their best to distance shooter Robert Dear from the anti-abortion movement.First they tried to claim that the shooting didn t even occur at the clinic and was part of a bank robbery attempt. When that fell through they tried to say Dear wasn t motivated by abortion, but then he made comments in court about  body parts,  echoing the series of videos from the anti-choice Center for Medical Progress that were deceptively edited to allege misdeeds at Planned Parenthood.And now we are learning about a direct line between Dear and past anti-abortion terrorists, thanks to court documents that were unsealed on Monday.The documents give the deepest look yet into Dear s seething disdain for abortion providers.He told police he admired Paul Hill, a former minister, who was executed in 2003 for the 1994 shootings of abortion provider Dr. John Bayard Britton and his bodyguard, a retired U.S. Air Force officer named James Herman Barrett, outside the Ladies Center in Pensacola, Florida.Hill himself said he was inspired by the shooting death of another abortion doctor in Pensacola a year earlier. At the time of Hill s execution, some urged that he be spared for fear the extreme wing of the anti-abortion movement would turn him into a martyr.As these documents come out, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is campaigning with the support of an anti-choice activist who has praised the killing of abortion providers, while Donald Trump has said that women who receive abortions must be punished in some way if the anti-choice movement has its dream of an abortion ban.The line between the mainstream conservative movement and the terrorism of the anti-choice movement is continually blurred as the Republican Party continues to do all it can to appeal to this bloc of voters who are well beyond the mainstream of American thought.Featured image via YouTube",0
6958, WATCH: Bill O’Reilly’s Bizarre Racist Rant On Fox News Surprised Even Trump,"Fox News Channel s top-rated host, Bill O Reilly, is once again attracting controversy to the conservative network for racially charged comments. On the April 11 edition of The O Reilly Factor, during an interview with Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, O Reilly decided to make some bizarre remarks.Discussing Trump s poor showing with black voters and his attempts to appeal to that demographic, O Reilly let loose:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCOLp3bdurYBILL O REILLY: But how are you going to get jobs for them? Many of them are ill-educated and have tattoos on their foreheads, and I hate to be generalized about it, but it s true. If you look at all the educational statistics, how are you going to get jobs for people who aren t qualified for jobs?The implication that blacks are  ill-educated  and  have tattoos on their foreheads  adds to the well-worn history of racist comments on Fox News, particularly from O Reilly himself.At a 2003 benefit for at-risk black children, O Reilly said,  I hope they re not in the parking lot stealing our hubcaps. In 2007, when visiting the New York City restaurant Sylvia s, which is in a predominantly black neighborhood, O Reilly said he was  surprised  it was like every other restaurant, and that shockingly when he went inside, nobody was  screaming,  M-Fer, I want more iced tea. He has also used the term  wetback  to refer to immigrants.O Reilly has also attacked groups like Black Lives Matter, who he claimed,  basically hate their country. Overall, Fox News has been home to multiple incidents of race-baiting over its long history, which reflect the values of network founder and president Roger Ailes. Ailes was part of Richard Nixon s campaign to ride racial resentment to the White House, and he later had involvement in the creation of the infamous Willie Horton ad that was used to attack Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis in 1988.O Reilly is just toeing the party line.Featured image via YouTube",0
6959, Hillary’s New 404 Page On Her Website Is Actually Pretty Damn Hilarious (IMAGE),"Every website has a 404 page that you land on if you type in the wrong address. They re usually generic with a big  404  to let you know the error of your typing, but some websites like to be clever and let you know you re not where you re supposed to be by making a funny 404 landing page.One of those websites happens to be HillaryClinton.com.If you accidentally type in the wrong web address while looking for something on Hillary s website, you ll be taken to a page that asks: Trying to get where you want to go? This page isn t it. But while you re here, how about signing up to volunteer? via HillaryClinton.comHowever, to get the full effect, one needs to visit the page, because the image is actually an animated GIF.Of course, this is a play on her inability to get her New York City subway Metrocard to swipe through the reader to grant her access to the trains. However, if anyone rides the NYC subway frequently, they know the disdain most have for those readers and how often they re a huge pain in the ass. The former Secretary of State finally got the card to swipe after five tries.Many people after it happened took to Twitter to actually relate to the former New York senator:Oh man. It took Hillary five swipes. Welcome to the struggle https://t.co/3RGrZVUeVc  Brett LoGiurato (@BrettLoGiurato) April 7, 2016Yes, it took Hillary Clinton three or four swipes to get through the turnstile. Also, it takes everyone three or four swipes.  Dan Merica (@danmericaCNN) April 7, 2016It was definitely a non-story that many, try as they might, tried to use to make Hillary look unrelatable, when actually the opposite was true. Although, Kate McKinnon of Saturday Night Live perfectly parodied the moment during last week s cold open.Hillary Clinton is a New York subway pro. ? #SNLhttps://t.co/IFciClbJxo  Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl) April 10, 2016When embarrassing things happen the only thing one can do is own them and laugh about it, which is exactly what Hillary Clinton has done by making this her 404 page on her website. No one can say she doesn t have a good sense of humor.Featured Photo via Andrew Theodorakis/Getty Images",0
6960," Infamous Climate Denier Falls Apart After Bill Nye Makes Him A $20,000 Bet He Knows He’ll Lose (VIDEO)","Bill Nye was this close to participating in a debate on climate change with Sarah Palin, only to find out that he wasn t invited to the panel  But in a recently aired teaser for an interview with Marc Morano, the organizer of the climate denial panel, it s obvious to see why the group was terrified to let Nye on the stage with an intellectual lightweight like Sarah Palin   Nye mopped the floor with Morano s tired arguments and didn t even break a sweat.In a two-and-a-half minute clip of a lengthier interview, Nye gets Morano, a man whom Media Matters named the  Climate Change Misinformer of the Year  in 2012, to admit that the world is warming. Then he asks the outspoken denier to put his money where his mouth and winds up demonstrating just how little confidence Morano has in his own radical position.Nye: Would you take the bet? 2016 will be among the hottest of the last 10 years and that [between] 2010 and 2020 will be the hottest decade on record?Morano: No. I would agree with both of those, but I would say it s a meaningless stat because it s tenths of a degree.Nye points out that even tenths of a degree each year means major changes in climate over the next few decades. Morano, who comes from the school of  Let future generations worry about it  is again stumped when Nye flips the narrative by focusing on his children and the future he is building for them. Bear in mind, your reputation in the mainstream is a guy who will do almost anything to win. Your children go to school, they have access to the internet, they see your history, what you ve said about people. Your publishing of emails. You ve even encouraged harassment. I agreed to do this interview because I think it will expose your point of view as very much in the minority, and very much not in our national interest and not in the world s interest. And as I say again, I m very concerned about your kids. Morano is known as the guy who most vehemently pushed the bogus story that climate scientists were faking data to promote the climate change agenda. He operates almost exclusively outside of reality. Last year he threw an epic temper tantrum on Fox News after learning that Google planned to tweak their search algorithm to account for  factual validity  because he assumed (correctly, let s be fair) that his work would be pushed to the very bottom.The full-time propagandist recently produced and hosted a new documentary called  Climate Hustle  which he and friend Sarah Palin have billed the right-wing s response to Al Gore s Oscar-winning An Inconvenient Truth. Morano said the film  delivers a powerful presentation of dissenting science, best of all, in a humorous way.  Adding:  This film may change the way you think about  global warming.' According to an exclusive by Variety, Palin will be participating in an event that features a screening of the film and then a panel discussion afterwards. It will be hosted by Republican Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas (another denier) and Palin   who once described oil, gas, and minerals as  those things that God has dumped on this part of the earth [Alaska] for mankind s use instead of us relying on unfriendly foreign nations. They re not exactly playing with a full deck.Nye has a reputation for tearing ignorant opponents to shreds during debates. He recently put on a master class during a much-publicized debate with creationist theme park owner Ken Ham, in which he not only emerged the victor, but probably even changed a few minds in a crowd of deeply religious Ham fans.Nye already seems pretty confident that despite not being invited to appear in person, his interview with Morano says it all. On Twitter, he trolled Morano after the teaser for the contentious interview between the two aired showing that Morano would not accept Nye s bet of $20,000.Climate denier (extreme doubter) won't take the bets 'cause he knows what's up re: global temperatures. https://t.co/OJfUoDPOMB  Bill Nye (@BillNye) April 11, 2016It was originally reported that Nye would be in attendance at the event to square off against Palin, this unfortunately isn t true. Instead, audiences will get to listen to Palin ramble on about polar bears and drill, baby, drill with nobody there to call her on her misinformation. It is, without a doubt, a major missed opportunity.Featured image via Getty",0
6961, North Carolina Passes Anti-LGBT Law So This Porn Site Blocked The Entire State,"North Carolina is facing even more backlash for their anti-LGBT law Monday after a popular adult film site has decided to block the entire state in protest.XHamster.com went offline in the state at 12:30 p.m. EST today, leaving thousands of fans without their favorite porn site. When residents of North Carolina go to the webpage they are greeted with a black screen that the site s spokesman, Mike Kulich, says will stay there until lawmakers repeal House Bill 2. In an interview with the Huffington Post, Kulich explains why the company decided to pull out (no pun intended) of the state: We have spent the last 50 years fighting for equality for everyone and these laws are discriminatory which XHamster.com does not tolerate. Judging by the stats of what you North Carolinians watch, we feel this punishment is a severe one. We will not standby and pump revenue into a system that promotes this type of garbage. We respect all sexualities and embrace them. He went on to say that even though lawmakers rammed a bill that discriminates against transsexuals through, the viewers of XHamster seem to be far less bigoted than Republicans would like them to be: Back in March, we had 400,000 hits for the term  Transsexual  from North Carolina alone,  he said.  People from that state searched  Gay  319,907 times. That is actually quite common in Southern Bible Belt states, believe it or not. Although many of the voters in these states proclaim that they love their holy book and do not believe gay people deserve the same rights as everyone else, in the privacy of their own homes they frequently watch gay and lesbian pornography. Earlier this year PornHub (another popular XXX site) released the most popular categories by state and the South overwhelmingly preferred lesbian porn:Hypocrisy run deep in the South, doesn t it?Kulich says the company plans to replace the black screen with petition to repeal HB2 in the near future: Hopefully, it will get as many signatures as the  transsexual  searches,  he said.XHamster is just the latest in an expanding list of companies and entertainers who are protesting the state s ignorant law. One thing is becoming very obvious: Bigotry does not pay. Hopefully, the Republican lawmakers in North Carolina figure this out before they completely destroy their state, but until then, thousands of their voters are going to be a whole lot less satisfied.Featured image via Fallout Wiki",0
6962, Biden Says He’s ‘Ready’ For A Woman President (VIDEO),"Vice President Joe Biden has been careful to give Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders their fair share of lauding and criticism. Like President Obama, Biden has not endorsed any candidate for the 2016 race, and has pledged to stay neutral until a nominee is decided at the convention.But in a telling interview with Mic   in which his staffers tried to shut down   Vice President Biden may have hurled a veiled endorsement towards Clinton s way when he said he would  like to see a woman elected president. His comments, more specifically:This country s ready for a woman. There s no problem. We re gonna be able to elect a woman in this country. I would like to see a woman elected.After his staffers tried to cut the interview, Biden said he had no issues discussing the 2016 election, and reminded Mic that  the president and I are not going endorse because we both, when we ran said,  let the party decide.' Although he did not mention Clinton by name, there is only one woman in the running for the White House (unless Sanders picks a female VP or the Republicans do)  and that s Hillary Clinton. After brushing off his staff, Biden added that both candidates are qualified, but then added,  Hillary s overwhelmingly qualified to be president. Biden s comments will be an uplift to Clinton, who suffered a public humiliation after the Vice President branded her as  new  to the issues of income inequality, a staple of the Sanders campaign.Surprisingly, Biden told Mic that he does not believe Clinton is held to a higher standard because she is a woman, even though social psychology shows people do, in fact, hold women in politics to a different   higher  standard than men.Although not an official endorsement, is Biden ready for Hillary?Here s the interview, via YouTube: Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
6963, Hundreds Arrested At Democracy Spring Protest At U.S. Capitol,"Today, several  Democracy Spring  protesters were arrested at the US Capitol.  The protest appears to have broken the record for the number of people arrested at the US Capitol,  reported Reuters.Thousands of people concerned about the widespread corruption in politics due to big money interests, voter suppression, and dysfunction in Congress participated in the protests, which began ten days ago at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia. Organizations such as Greenpeace, the AFL-CIO, NAACP, and the National Nurses Union were part of a coalition of organizations participating in the protests. People are fed up with the system, they are fed up with the corruption, and we want free and fair elections,  Cenk Uygur, host of the TV show Young Turks and one of the participants in the protest, told Reuters in an interview.  This is our core American right. The fight begins today. It doesn t mean we win today. But in the end, we always win,  Uygur said.  Progressives have never lost. We won in civil rights, we won in women s rights, we won in gay rights, and we re going to win in getting our democracy back. The protest organizers are pushing Congress to pass four bills: Government by the People Act, Fair Elections Now Act, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 & Voter Empowerment Act of 2015, and the Democracy for All Amendment. The massive sit-in protest was peaceful, but buses were brought in to transport the activists who were arrested for demonstrating. Most media outlets have not covered the protests at all, and conservative media outlets have alleged the protests are just a re-branded version of the Occupy movement, which is false. Democracy Spring is being organized and run by well-educated individuals from various large and well-respected progressive organizations. Those wealthy elites who own mainstream media outlets don t want to give credence to the mass movement against corruption and the influence of corporate and wealthy interests taking over the United States government.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
6964," With Zero Liability, A Gun Was Just Made To Look Like This Toy (IMAGES)","When you re given a free pass by the government to pretty much make whatever you want with no responsibility if something devastating were to happen because of your product, you d probably make whatever the hell you wanted with no remorse. After all, profit is more important that human life, right? At least, that s what the government is telling gun manufacturers with the  Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. The law,  prohibit(s) civil liability actions from being brought or continued against manufacturers, distributors, dealers, or importers of firearms or ammunition for damages, injunctive or other relief resulting from the misuse of their products by others.  With one of the reasons for the law literally being,  To prevent the use of such lawsuits to impose unreasonable burdens on interstate and foreign commerce.  In other words, they don t want any silly lawsuit to get in the way of profit.On paper, it may look like it makes sense to not hold gun manufacturers liable for how their product is used. After all, it s not their fault if a gun is not handled properly or used to harm someone else. However, what so many fail to see is the fact that with no responsibility it gives gun manufacturers a free pass to basically make whatever they want, regardless of public safety. If they can make it, people will buy it, and after that, well, they re off the hook.So, with all that being said, gun manufacturer Precision Syndicate, LLC made a gun for a client to look like the gun from Nintendo for the game  Duck Hunt.  Calling it the  Nintendo Glock.  The gun literally looks like a toy.via Facebook Here s the toy for comparison: It was always fun Duck Hunting and then Switching to Super Mario Bros. For some reason I would panic when I thought I shot the poor pup! ??? who else had fun with this? #retro #retrogaminglife #nintendo #nintendocontroller #nintendozapper #zapper #supermariobros #duckhunt #nintendocartridge #1985A photo posted by [CXG]Conspiracy Xtreme Gaming (@conspiracyxtremegaming) on Mar 5, 2016 at 11:35pm PSTHowever, after posting the picture to their Facebook page about the gun, they apparently got two reactions; request for purchase, and/or outrage. All in all, the image got over 8,000 comments, and nearly 150 thousand shares. They then had to make a follow-up post stating:In light of the  Nintendo Glock  drama, we feel that the media and our fans need to know that this firearm will not be mass produced nor will it ever be. This is a one off custom build for a friend of ours. Do to the thousands of emails and messages we have received in the past 2 days we have been unable to contact everyone in a timely manner, please be patient we will get to you as soon as possible. Thank you all for your support! Oh, and please.. keep your guns locked up and away from children, it s common sense.via FacebookHow nice of them to be condescending enough to remind people to lock up their guns to keep them away from children. If only they could use that  common sense  know-how to think twice before making a gun that looks exactly like a popular toy that children would want to play with.Now, say this gun were to get into the hands of a child for any number of reasons. This gun manufacturer is essentially off the hook, because assuming it functions properly and has no mechanical faults that cause injury, if someone were to just use the gun, the maker has no liability according to the law.There will certainly be people who disagree that gun manufacturers should have liability over how their product is used, but when something is made that so obviously could be mistaken for a toy, a toy that a child could point and shoot, there needs to be better  well regulated  standards to guns. After all, the Second Amendment was written for the intent to arm the state militias, not so gun enthusiasts can have firearms that look like toys or so that gun manufacturers can make as much profit as possible.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6965, ‘Christian’ Author Rants That Women Who Masturbate Are Going To Hell,"Christian fundamentalists just can t keep their mouths shut, and they wonder why people are turning away from organized religion.A supposed  Christian  author took to Facebook on Saturday to condemn women who use sex toys and masturbate to Hell, claiming that both are a  direct path to Satan  and declared that any Christian who disagrees should be ashamed. Too many Christian women are losing their salvation because they masturbate.  author Mack Major wrote. Dildos and all of those other sex toys have been used for thousands of years in demonic sex rituals. It s one of the main ways ancient pagan societies worshiped their demonic gods.Masturbation is a direct path to Satan. There s nothing normal about it. And shame on any Christian that says so. Hypocritically enough, Major seems to only take issue with women achieving sexual pleasure by themselves while avoiding the topic of male masturbation. Apparently that s acceptable.Mack goes on to warn on his blog that women are inviting demons into the world by masturbating. Many of you who are reading this have sex toys in your possession right now. And whether you want to accept it as fact or not: those sex toys are an open portal between the demonic realm and your own life. As long as you have those sex toys in your home, you have a doorway that can allow demons to not only access your life at will, but also to torment you, hinder and destroy certain parts of your life as it relates to sex and your relationships. Major also has a problem with women getting tattoos and piercings and tells them how to dress in church.This is the kind of crap women have to put up with from conservative  Christians  every day and it s only getting worse as some  Christian  pastors have gone so far as to call for women to lose voting rights and for women to be confined to the home.Again, it s bewildering how these same  Christians  can complain about dropping church attendance and fail to see that they are the ones causing people to walk away from the church in the first place.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
6966," Donald Trump Shames Kids For Not Registering To Vote For Him: ‘They Feel Very, Very Guilty’","Donald Trump is currently leading in the polls in New York State, but he won t be receiving two votes from his own kids. On Monday, Donald Trump admitted his son, Eric, and daughter, Ivanka, forgot to register to vote as Republicans before the deadline in March to be eligible to participate in the New York primaries on April 19th. They were unaware of the rules and they didn t register in time,  Trump told Fox News.  So they feel very, very guilty. They feel very guilty but it s fine. As we reported over the weekend, both Ivanka and Eric are registered to vote, but not affiliated with either political party. Their oversight is illuminating to the disorganization of the Donald Trump campaign.When Donald Trump first announced his presidential campaign in the Republican primaries last year, media outlets couldn t stop covering the circus sideshow of the Republican Party, which has taken over as Donald Trump is on track to win the Republican Presidential nomination. The funniest thing about it is he barely had to try. A few racist speeches, vague promises, and egotistical rants about how America needs to be great again, and only Donald Trump, a winner, can make it that way, and the majority of Republican voters have rushed to get behind this fascist demagogue. The remainder of the Republican Primary is now left between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, both vying for who can fearmonger more Republicans into supporting them while Republican establishment candidate and Ohio Governor John Kasich, who has his own brand of crazy, tries to hold onto being considered viable.In the defense of Trump s kids, voter registration should be automatic, as states such as Oregon and California have done, and the entire voting process, from registration to casting a ballot should be facilitated. They aren t the only two people who have been shut out of the Democratic process because they either lacked the information necessary to ensure their participation or weren t responsible enough to take the time to register with a party affiliate.Featured image via Flickr",0
6967," God Gave Me Illegal Stock Shares At Dairy Queen Fair and Square, Claims Texas AG Accused Of Fraud","Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, already facing intense scrutiny for securities fraud in one case, was just slapped by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with three additional charges of fraud based on an alleged illegal kickback deal Paxton and a company had used to entice investors and enrich Paxton by hundred of thousands of dollars.But let s not bury the lede here: His defense for these pretty clearly illegal actions is bonkers.Paxton is accused of raising nearly a million dollars from prospective investors for a company called Servergy Inc. and illegally keeping it a secret that he would be directly benefiting from these deals. After he persuaded some wealthy friends to put $840,000 into the company, he got 100,000 shares of stock in the company. To outsiders   and investigators at the SEC   this looked like a pretty clear example of quid pro quo securities fraud. It s very illegal to raise funds for a company without disclosing that you are benefiting from said funds for obvious reasons.Paxton, a Republican elected by 2014 under Governor Greg Abbott, claims what he did wasn t what it looks like because he had always intended to pay for the shares until a miracle happened while innocently chowing down on some hot eats, cool treats at a Dairy Queen with the CEO of Servergy Inc., William Mapp. During the meeting, according to Paxton, Mapp apparently heard the voice of God telling him not to accept a penny for hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of shares. Instead, Mapp said they would be a gift to Paxton.This apparently is the defense Paxton   an accomplished attorney   is going with.The SEC said Paxton told investigators that the shares were a gift from Mapp, not necessarily a commission. According to the complaint, Paxton claimed he accepted the shares only after Mapp refused to accept an offer from Paxton to invest $100,000 of his own money in Servergy. I can t take your money. God doesn t want me to take your money,  Mapp told Paxton during a meeting at a Dairy Queen during the summer of 2011 in McKinney, according to the SEC.It s unclear if the  God wanted me to have a strong investment portfolio  defense has ever been attempted in a securities fraud case, but it seems unlikely many juries would be persuaded. And it will be a particularly steep uphill climb for Paxton in particular, who is already facing separate felony charges for similar crimes at the state level.Texas s state government has become a baffling menagerie of incompetence, corruption and scandal. Governor Greg Abbott, when not endorsing fringe theories about Obama invading the state, has allied himself with anti-pharmaceutical Scientologist groups who not only believe Texas shouldn t money combating mental illness, but that mental illness doesn t exist. Its previous governor, Rick Perry, recently barely escaped his own legal challenges after a lengthy court battle over his use of vetos while in office. The woman assigned to head the state s Board of Education is a home schooler who doesn t believe in science. Another woman running for the Board of Education accused President Obama of being a gay prostitute.In any other state, saying a technology company CEO channeled God to make you rich would make you a laughingstock. In Texas, he s just one of many.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
6968," Meet Zari, The First Feminist Muppet From Afghanistan","This is awesome on so many levels it s hard to know where to begin:Afghanistan is getting its first home-grown  Sesame Street  Muppet   a six-year-old girl called Zari.Zari, a curious and lively girl whose name means  shimmering  in the Dari and Pashto languages, makes her debut on Thursday on the  Baghch-e-Simsim  Afghan local co-production of the long-running U.S. educational TV show for pre-schoolers.According to Sesame Worksop, the goal behind Zari is to teach Afghani girls that there is more to life than being a wife and mother, a tall order for a country besieged by Islamic fundamentalists dedicated to reducing women to little more than broodmares. But that doesn t mean they re not going to give it their all:Zari will be featured in  Sesame Street  segments about health, exercise and well-being, and will interview a doctor and other professionals to find out what she would need to do to become one herself. The exciting part about Zari is that she is modeling for young girls that it is wonderful to go to school and that it s ok to dream about having a career,  Sherrie Westin, Sesame Workshop s executive vice president of global impact and philanthropy, told Reuters. It s so powerful that the first Afghan Muppet is a girl,  Westin added.Sesame Street is a very powerful tool to teach those evil liberal values of fairness and equality and how to be a better human being. Or did you think Republicans wanted to cut its funding for no reason? I imagine that the Taliban, sill very active in Afghanistan, will take the same dim view of Zari as Republicans take of Sesame Street in general. These are, after all, the same people that shot Malala Yousafzai, a 15 year old girl at the time, in the head for daring to go to school and encourage other girls to do the same.But if Zari seems like propaganda, you d be right:She joins  Baghch-e-Simsin  at the beginning of its fifth season. The show, which receives funding from the U.S. Department of State, is the most watched TV program among young children in Afghanistan, where 81 percent of children aged three to seven have seen it, according to Sesame Workshop.The idea is to overcome cultural taboos against girls going to school and building careers for themselves. And apparently it s working according to Westin. This is how you defeat religious extremists; not with bombs and blood but with joy and love. In a war of ideas, freedom will win out. It s not as  cool  and doesn t make the military-industrial complex rich, but it s far more effective.Featured image courtesy of Sesame Workshop",0
6969, Fuming Trump Calls His Colorado Loss ‘The Biggest Story In Politics’ After Cruz Wins All 34 Delegates (TWEETS),"Republican frontrunner Donald Trump does not lose gracefully. In the past, he s threatened riots and violence if he were to lose the GOP nomination, but now that Ted Cruz is starting to close in on him, the business mogul is upping the ante.After a humiliating loss in Colorado, where Cruz took every last one of the state s 34 delegates, Trump is whining about the  crooked  and  corrupt  way America chooses party nominees. Ever the sore loser, Trump cried foul because Cruz was able to get all of the delegates  support, even though residents couldn t vote. Calling this perceived injustice  the biggest story in politics , Trump complained that the  people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians.  And of course, he made all of these accusations over his favorite news platform   Twitter: This unusual nomination process in Colorado state was explained by The Denver Post last year: Colorado will not vote for a Republican candidate for president at its 2016 caucus after party leaders approved a little-noticed shift that may diminish the state s clout in the most open nomination contest in the modern era.The GOP executive committee has voted to cancel the traditional presidential preference poll after the national party changed its rules to require a state s delegates to support the candidate who wins the caucus vote.The move makes Colorado the only state so far to forfeit a role in the early nomination process, according to political experts, but other caucus states are still considering how to adapt to the new rule. But Trump really can t get over it. Trump complained even more while speaking to thousands at a rally in New York yesterday, insisting that the GOP nominee should be whoever wins the most votes, not delegates. Trump said: What they re trying to do is subvert the movement with crooked shenanigans. We should have won it a long time ago. But, you know, we keep losing where we re winning. This morning, Trump continued to b*tch and moan on Fox & Friends. He said: I ve gotten millions   of more votes than [Sen. Ted] Cruz, and I ve gotten hundreds of delegates more, and we keep fighting, fighting, fighting, and then you have a Colorado where they just get all of these delegates, and it s not [even] a system. There was no voting. I didn t go out there to make a speech or anything. There s no voting. He also called some of the ways candidates try to win delegates  crooked : They offer them trips   they offer them all sorts of things, and you re allowed to do that. I mean, you re allowed to offer trips, and you can buy all these votes. What kind of a system is this? Now, I m an outsider, and I came into the system and I m winning the votes by millions of votes. But the system is rigged. It s crooked. Clearly, Trump has forgotten all about that time he bribed former candidate Ben Carson with a job so the retired neurosurgeon would endorse him. Talk about  crooked. Whether Trump likes it or not, he s going to have to play by the rules and if he doesn t the nomination is going to keep slipping away from him. He s going to have to appeal to delegates instead of people like his easily influenced racist, misogynistic supporters. Trump delegate chief Paul Manafort reports that Trump is going to implement a strategy similar to what Cruz has been doing. Manafort said: A more traditional approach is needed and Donald Trump recognizes that. In order for Trump to get enough delegates to get the Republican nomination by June 7, he will still need to win 60% of the remaining delegates. Right now, Trump is winning 45%. According to the Associated Press, Trump has 743 delegates compared to Cruz s 545.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
6970," Joel McHale Performs In Bigoted North Carolina, But Then Did Something EXTRAORDINARY (IMAGE)","When faced with deciding if you re going to perform or not in a state that decided to make discrimination legal, many performers are left feeling there is only one option   boycott. And while very effective, because not only does it remove revenue from the state surrounding the performance, it also pisses off a lot of people who were looking forward to the show. People, who will then want to know why one of their favorite performers decided not to show up, if they didn t know already.Comedian Joel McHale, however, went another route to combat the hatred of the new bigoted North Carolina anti-LGBT law. Instead, he decided to keep his performance date in Durham, yet he then donated  every single dime  from the show to the local LGBTQ organization.McHale s rep told People: Joel is vehemently opposed to HB2 and knows there are many in Durham (which recently passed a measure condemning the law) that share the feeling. He felt this was a good way to raise awareness and much needed funds for a local center that is on the front line of this important cause. The actor even wore a  LGBTQ Durham  shirt on stage in support of the local community who is devastatingly impacted by this outrageous law.@joelmchale @DPAC tonight in LGBTQ shirt & announced1 Donating all $ from show to LGBT Center2 He'll come back to NC after HB2 is repealed  Demetri Ravanos (@DemetriRavanos) April 9, 2016 My good buddy @joelmchale made a nice shirt for the #LGBTQDurham community. #LGBTQ #joelMcHale gave all the money he made tonight to LGBTQ Durham, pretty sweet move.A photo posted by JF Harris (@jfharris_comedy) on Apr 8, 2016 at 7:41pm PDT During a video of the performance you can hear McHale call the law  f*cking crazy,  and completely lay into the absurdity of legislated hate.In this world, you can choose to love and embrace everyone as the people that they are, ironically something the Bible actually urges people to do once you get past the Old Testament, or you can choose to hate and live in the small, myopic mind that you haven t allowed yourself to escape. However, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.,  hate is too great a burden to bear,  it s actually easier to love, and hopefully the lawmakers in North Carolina realize this sooner than later.Kudos to you, Mr. McHale, this gesture will not be forgotten.Featured Photo by Angela Weiss/Getty Images",0
6971, Rock Legend Bryan Adams Tells Bigoted Mississippi Republicans To Go F*ck Themselves,"Everything he does is definitely NOT for hateful Republicans, as rock singer Bryan Adams just cancelled an upcoming concert in Mississippi rather than perform in a state where discrimination is legal.Mississippi Republicans passed a bigoted law earlier this month giving business owners and religious organizations the ability to fire employees and refuse service to customers who don t meet their extreme religious standards.So if you are gay or have pre-marital sex or are involved in an interracial relationship, businesses can discriminate against you and hide behind their Bibles to do so.Because of the law they passed, Mississippi Republicans may have cost their state billions of federal dollars, which they desperately need considering Mississippi is the top state in the nation when it comes to getting more money from the government than it pays in taxes.Corporations have also condemned the law and are threatening to no longer do business with or in the state as long as the law remains on the books. And now concerts are being cancelled.Just as Bruce Springsteen cancelled a concert in North Carolina over a similar law passed by Republicans there, Bryan Adams has cancelled his concert in Mississippi for the same reasons. Mississippi has passed anti-LGBT  Religious Liberty  bill 1523,  Adams wrote in a statement on his website. I find it incomprehensible that LGBT citizens are being discriminated against in the state of Mississippi. I cannot in good conscience perform in a State where certain people are being denied their civil rights due to their sexual orientation. Therefore i m cancelling my 14 April show at the Mississippi Coast Coliseum. Using my voice I stand in solidarity with all my LGBT friends to repeal this extremely discriminatory bill. Hopefully Mississippi will right itself and I can come back and perform for all of my many fans. I look forward to that day. If any Bryan Adams fans are angry about the singer s stand against discrimination and bigotry, they only have Mississippi Republicans to blame for legalizing hate in their hate in the first place.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6972, John Kasich Was Just Embarrassed By Republican Lawmakers In His Own State,"Ohio Governor John Kasich has had a pretty difficult time getting his message out during the Republican race for the White House. Many of us assumed it was because he is being overshadowed by Trump and Cruz, but apparently this is a problem that he is facing in his own state as well   and it is quite embarrassing.Last week, the governor gave his annual State of the State Address and laid out his plans for the state. Instead of Republican lawmakers rallying behind their leader like you would expect them to   especially since he is running for president   they brushed him off just like voters have nationwide. According to The Columbus Dispatch: After he called on legislators during his State of the State address last week to revamp the way Ohio s congressional districts are drawn, his fellow Republicans who lead the General Assembly panned the proposal.Senate President Keith Faber   who represented the Kasich campaign this weekend in Michigan as GOP convention delegates were picked   said the legislature has higher priorities. .Even on modest Kasich proposals, such as altering state income-tax withholding tables that would get money to Ohioans faster but not provide an overall tax cut, the Republican leaders  biggest commitment was that they would consider his ideas.Ouch. That s rough. The Republican legislature apparently has no interest in listening to their leader. Kasich has spent his entire campaign telling the American people what an effective governor he has been, but if that were true wouldn t Ohio lawmakers be a little bit more enthusiastic about his proposals? Instead, they are like, Nah bro, we got this. Go away. Not only are lawmakers in Ohio wondering what the hell he was doing there, but Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are treating him the same way in the race for the White house. Both of his fellow candidates have been very vocal in the last week or so about their desire to see him drop out of the race, but Kasich said that isn t going to happen. Instead, the governor is continuing to sell himself as the  adult  who will be able to get the job done in the White House.I m not entirely sure how he expects to get anything done if he is president when he can t even get the Republicans in his own state to work with him. If his own party in his own state treats him like an annoying gnat, imagine how ineffective he d be in the Oval Office. This is just further proof that all of the GOP candidates would be horrible for the country and we need to vote blue in November. Featured image via Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images",0
6973," White Crowd Chants ‘Donald Trump, Build That Wall!’ And Then The Black And Latina Players Did This","At a Wisconsin high school soccer game, players from the visiting team walked off the field as the home team crowd disgraced themselves with racist chants of  Donald Trump, build that wall! :BELOIT, Wis.  Officials from the Elkhorn Area School District are investigating racist taunts directed at Beloit Memorial High School soccer players by a group of its students attending a game.The incident happened Thursday night as the Beloit Memorial girls varsity soccer team visited Elkhorn.Beloit Memorial girls soccer coach Brian Denu said the Elkhorn students taunted black and Latina girls soccer players with racial slurs and chants like  Donald Trump, build that wall. Considering the young age of the students doing the chanting, it s hard to say if they actually meant what they were saying or if they just thought it would be a clever way to distract the opposing team. Either way, the effect was devastating: They came off the field and weren t able to finish the game because they were too upset and distraught over what happened to them,  Denu said. One of the girls was cradled in the arms of one of our assistant coaches for a good 15 to 20 minutes. Denu said even though the chants came from a small group of Elkhorn students, their words had a big impact on his players. I could just see the hurt and pain on their face and know that this was obviously something that they hadn t seen before,  Denu said.I want to give the benefit of the doubt but in all likelihood, this is the Trump Effect spilling down. It s not difficult to imagine that the parents of these students are ardent Trump supporters that have been gleefully teaching their children that it s OK to hate if the other person has dark skin. That is, after all, the core of Trump s popularity. It s not just that he s openly racist, he s telling his followers that it s permissible, encouraged even, for them to openly hate as well.School officials are looking into the incident but it s unclear if they will be able to do anything about it. At the very least, it would be nice if the other students from Elkhorn publicly shunned their fellow classmates for their racism.Featured image via AI archives",0
6974, John Oliver Gets Revenge On The Most Hated Section Of The Financial Service Industry (VIDEO),"John Oliver has taken aim at the section of the financial services industry which has seen the most complaints registered with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   and it s beautiful.Credit reporting agencies like Experian, Equifax and TransUnion are responsible for providing an accurate assessment of a person s credit worthiness. Their verdict decides whether a person can get a loan, buy a house, rent an apartment, or even get a job. But something has been going very wrong in the industry.Oliver notes that over half of employers are now conducting credit searches before choosing to hire prospective employees   even though someone s credit rating has zero link to their job experience or skill level.What s worse, is that this largely unregulated industry has been found to supply false information up to 30% of the time. And those affected won t even know that the company is attributing false information in their name until the report has been submitted and the damage has been done.A faulty credit report caused by some clerical error has the potential to reap havoc in your life   and yet, it is happening all the time. Oliver cites the case of a man attempting to rent his dream apartment  who ended up fighting allegations of being a terrorist  after the credit company s faulty criminal background check.No surprise then that more people complain about credit report agencies to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, that anyone else. Yet, the industry recently boasted about being right 95% of the time. Oliver explains exasperatedly: But when you are holding records for more than 200 million individuals, that 5 percent error rate affects 10 million people. They re basically saying,  Great news everyone,  we only f*cked up a group equivalent to the entire population of Sweden! We re the f*cking greatest!   Oliver takes revenge by setting up new websites for the leading companies in this remarkably dodgy industry.Experian becomes Experianne.com: a company that specializes in whispering passages from  Mein Kampf  into the ears of babies, without the permission of parents or the babies themselves.  With the important disclaimer:  Please do not mistake us for Experian. What they do is unforgivable. TransUnion becomes Tramsonion.com:  We re a company whose only business is selling steaks made out of dead orcas from SeaWorld!  And of course:  We are not affiliated with TransUnion. We are not monsters. Equinox becomes Equifacks.com: a company which  Takes an animal from a shelter that needs a good home, lets it come to your house to lick peanut butter off your dick, and then immediately returns it to the shelter.  Make sure you don t mistake them for Equifax though, because  Those f*ckers are evil. Nice work Mr Oliver, nice work. Featured image via screen capture ",0
6975, Ken Burns Explains Donald Trump Mania In Five Perfect Little Words (VIDEO),"Filmmaker Ken Burns appeared on The Late Show this week, and explained to host Stephen Colbert why a section of America has fallen in love with Donald Trump, in just five words: America has always been racist. I think the American question of freedom is a big one, the tension between individual freedom and collective freedom is a big one, but I think the sub-theme of American history is race,  Burns said. We were founded on the idea that all men were created equal, but oops the guy who wrote that owned more than 100 human beings and didn t see in his lifetime to free any one of them; didn t see the contradiction or the hypocrisy. And so it set us on a journey where we are constantly having to struggle not with race, but racism. Burns  latest film focuses on the life and trials of Jackie Robinson, one of the greatest players in baseball history   and the first non-white player in the professional leagues. He makes the parallels between how many of the same problems faced by Robinson, and dismissed as  historical  are actually still alive and well in modern America. We thought it might be possible to liberate him from the barnacles of sentimentality that attach, because what Jackie Robinson has to teach us now is exactly the same as when he was alive,  he says. So, if we re curious, but are not comfortable talking today, having a courageous conversation about race, let s look at Jackie Robinson s life and see how many of the same tropes that are part of our life today Jackie addresses. [He s] not only the most important person in baseball, but the most important person in American sports. Burns certainly has a point. Whether we look at incarceration rates, unequal prison sentences handed down for equal crimes, stop and frisk, the pay gap (African American men earn just 74.5% the pay of white men), police brutality, felony disenfranchisement, or the school to prison pipeline   it s abundantly clear that racism still permeates American society in a way that hurts the life chances of non-whites.Now that latent racism has a candidate willing to put a voice to it   and to some such-minded people, it feels like liberation.But they should not confuse the collective release of unspoken privilege, with an honorable quest for freedom. Trump supporters have more in common with Hitler s brownshirts than the Freedom Riders.They are angry and vengeful, worshipping a leader who looks like them, blaming everything wrong with their lives on people who don t look like them. They are nothing new. Their bigotry is as old as the constitution. They ve been outnumbered and defeated in previous generations, now they ve risen again to fight for their right to be racist in this generation  and the scoreboard is not in their favor. Featured image via screen capture",0
6976, Watch What Happens When This Guy Tries To Pick Up Girls Using Trump Quotes (VIDEO),"Usually, men have all the advantages   they make more than women, are automatically considered more competent (whether or not this actually the case) than women, have higher promotion prospects, can walk down a public street without worrying about random passersby sexually harassing them, don t have to worry about things being blamed on the way they were dressed at the time, and even can practice religion without the dogma of their faith placing them in subjugated roles. But one area in which men have more problems is the dating world.According to experts, men feel significantly more anxiety about dating than do women. But since Donald Trump is so awesome, YouTube prankster Ari Blau tried channeling the billionaire 2016 presidential candidate to see how much that helped (hey, Trump says that everybody loves him, right?). In short, it was as much a disaster as Trump s presidential campaign.Blau used actual Trump quotes while  trying  to score a date. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best. They re not sending you. They re not sending you. They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems to us,  he tells one woman, who responded much in the same manner as the rest of the country when Trump initially made those remarks.  I m just saying we need to build a wall. That one got him slapped.Blau told a Muslim woman he is  calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.  When she pointed out that he said he doesn t like Muslims, he informed her that she and her friend look like  nice ones. Surprisingly, neither of them were interested in hanging out after those remarks.Another woman walked away when he assured her that his hair is real and offered to allow her to feel it, while he elicited a  What the fuck?  response from an African-American lady who had just been informed thatBlau doesn t like black people counting his money (he d prefer a Jewish guy). Another African-American woman who had just been informed that  Barack Obama s birth certificate is a scam  told Blau exactly what America has been telling Trump for years: You seem like a terrible person. Tell me about it. He was emulating one of the worst people.Interesting, one of Blau s colleagues, Vanessa Elgrichi, had much better success in getting some digits while dropping Hillary Clinton quotes on guys, even when she literally barked like a dog (yes, Clinton did that) for about 10 seconds and paraphrased the plotline of right-wing cinema treasure,  13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi  (technically not a quote, but it was funny).Guys just don t give a f*ck. You can see that happen below:No word on the effectiveness of Bernie Sanders quotes yet.Featured Image via screengrab",0
6977, Report: Turns Out Most Of Trump’s ‘Charity’ Was Giving Free Golf To His Business Friends,"Given the fact that Donald Trump has often bragged that he intentionally used his numerous bankruptcies as a way to exploit the government (and taxpayers) into paying his debts, it s not exactly surprising to learn that the billionaire business mogul has a spotty track record with philanthropy, but the scope of his greed, revealed in a new deep dive analysis by the Washington Post, is shocking.Trump loves to brag that he has given over $100 million to charity in the past five years, but like nearly everything the Republican frontrunner says, the truth is much different. Trump published a list of 4,844  contributions  he s made, which seems impressive until you actually start to look at what the donations are.As the Washington Post discovered: many of the gifts that Trump cited to prove his generosity were free rounds of golf, given away by his courses for charity auctions and raffles.Trump s campaign also counted a parcel of land that he d given to New York state   although that was in 2006, not within the past five years.The Donald J. Trump Foundation, Trump s biggest charity, was especially notable for its lack of well Trump. Between 2008 and 2014, Trump didn t donate a single penny of his own money to the foundation, instead he leaned on rich friends to give their money and he then sent out the checks to the charities under his name. What a guy.And while some of that money undeniable went to good causes, Trump also used a lot of his  donations  to shore up his political and business interests. The Washington Post again:His foundation, for example, frequently gave money to groups that paid to use Trump s facilities, and it donated to conservatives who could help promote Trump s rise in the Republican Party. The foundation s second-biggest donation described on the campaign s list went to the charity of a man who had settled a lawsuit with one of Trump s golf courses after being denied a hole-in-one prize.Trump s campaign had a truly stunning response when asked to explain why Trump s charitable giving was so weak: They didn t want to make Trump an easy mark for other charities. We want to keep them quiet,  said Weisselberg, who is also treasurer of the Trump Foundation.  He doesn t want other charities to see it. Then it becomes like a feeding frenzy. Amazing. Absolutely amazing.And while Trump certainly isn t the only rich person to horde his money for himself, his friends, and his business interests, it s worth noting that other billionaires have rejected this egregious level of greed and actually given vast amounts of their wealth to real, world-changing causes. Bill Gates, for example, has given $28 billion already and he says he s not done. It wasn t given to give friends free tickets to a game of golf, either. Gates and his wife have spent years fighting to eradicate the scourge of polio off the face of the earth, something he calls  a gift for the rest of time. Likewise, Warren Buffett set a charity record in June 2015   around the time Trump was teasing his presidential run   by donating $2.8 billion in one lump sum.Donald Trump has gotten pretty far in the election by impressing his supporters with his wealth. Many cite his business skills (debatable as they are) as the primary reason they will vote for him. However, is it not just as important to see what he does with the money once he has it? Unlike other people fortunate enough to have billions, it s clear he believes giving away his money to fight disease, poverty, or other social causes is a waste. He s repeatedly taken advantage of his wealth to influence people and get ahead.Somebody might want to pull him aside and let him know that money isn t something you can take with you when you die. He may even thank you for the advice with a free golf pass.Featured image via Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images",0
6978, WATCH: Cruz Is Grabbing Delegates From Trump And Trump Supporters Are FREAKING OUT Like This,"As the Republican Party establishment continues to ratchet up its support of Ted Cruz and his campaign in order to stop Donald Trump from capturing the party s presidential nomination, a backlash appears to be growing amongst Trump supporters.One Trump fan took to YouTube to reveal his anger at the establishment s machinations:According to the video s description, the man is a Republican Party State Delegate in Colorado, and he burned his party registration card in protest of the recent party event because he was  removed from his position because he voted for TRUMP. The video is in response to the recent event in that state where Cruz was able to engineer a maneuver where he got all the delegates available. Cruz took all 13 of the delegates up for grabs on Saturday to complete a clean sweep of the state. Delegates endorsed by his campaign swept all seven congressional district conventions held over the last week as well, which added another 21 delegates. Another three slots are reserved for state party officials. Today was another resounding victory for conservatives, Republicans, and Americans who care about the future of our country,  the Cruz campaign said in a statement Saturday night.Trump was completely out hustled at the event, and repeating that campaign s habit of being ill-prepared, handed out incorrect fliers and forms advising their supporters how to get through the delegate process.In response to the effort to deny Trump the nomination on the first ballot at the Republican Convention, where he is required to have 1,237 delegates in support, Trump ally and professional Republican dirty trickster Roger Stone recently announced that in cooperation with conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, he plans to hold rallies in Cleveland during the convention. Stone also said he was encouraging Trump supporters to go to the private hotel rooms of delegates in order to intimidate them into backing Trump.Despite the theatrics, Trump still has a nearly 200 delegate lead over Cruz. Trump has 743 delegates, Cruz has 545, and John Kasich has 143. Trump is expected to do very well in the upcoming Republican primary in his home state of New York.Featured image via YouTube",0
6979, Muslim Woman Who Turned In Paris Terrorist Shares Important Thought With The World,"Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the planner of the terrorist attacks that hit Paris on November 13, 2015, was killed after a raid led by French authorities who stormed an apartment in the town of Saint-Denis. It has now been revealed that police found Abaaoud in part thanks to information given to them by a Muslim woman.She has now revealed her faith because she wants the world to know the following:But until now, the public has been unaware that the critical tip in the hunt for Abaaoud came from a Muslim   one of millions who now face a backlash in Europe fueled by anger over the attacks in Paris and Brussels, as well as fear and resentment of a rising tide of refugees. It s important the world knows that I am Muslim myself,  the woman said, citing that as a reason for being willing to speak to The Post.  It s important to me that people know what Abaaoud and the others did is not what Islam is teaching. Too often after terrorist incidents, people   particularly conservatives   act as if Islam is the only faith that extremists use as justification for mass murder, ignoring the history of other faiths (including Christianity) being perverted.When terrorists have hit America the hardest, their attacks did not discriminate by faith. In fact, one estimate says that 32 Muslims were killed in the 9/11 attacks.Ironically, even though his administration declared war on Iraq, it was President George W. Bush who often went to great lengths to point out there was a distinction between those who practice peaceful Islam, and the terrorist hijackers. And that sentiment has continued with President Obama, who pointed out that when discussing Americans and those with Islamic faith, it s  not them or us, it s just us. This woman s example shows that blanket condemnations of Muslims, as agitators like Donald Trump have engaged in, are backwards and just flat-out incorrect.Featured image via YouTube",0
6980, Arizona GOP Speaker Invokes 911 To Ban Press From House Floor In Retaliation For Negative Story,"Arizona Speaker of the House David Gowan (R) enacted a new policy to punish members of the press for the fact one of them published a story that exposed him for repeatedly violating state law.The new rule states that any member of the press who wants to cover the legislature from the House floor has to undergo draconian background checks, including examinations of their criminal, civil, and even their driving records. It s absolutely insane that driving records, or other unimportant misdemeanors, can automatically disqualify a member of the press from being on the house floor for up to 10 years.Press members, so far, have refused to consent to these background checks. As a result, they have to now cover the proceedings from the balcony.My view from the house today. floor privileges revoked after reporters declined to sign background check form. pic.twitter.com/4g0lOCdWm0  Alia Beard Rau (@aliarau) April 7, 2016As usual, Republicans want you to think that their use of the government to attack its own citizens is a good thing. Gowan has tried to say that it s  all about safety  when justifying his childish actions   despite that there have been zero incidents in 34 at the Arizona State House that would suggest a policy like this is necessary.Gowan actually invoked 9/11 to justify this garbage: There had never been an attack on 9/11 either, like that occurred either, before on our shore, but it did. Source: Arizona Daily StarRight. We can t be too careful these days because they surprised us on 9/11. I m not sure you can make a more offensive comparison.Here is what caused all this ruckus. Hank Stephenson of the Arizona Capitol Times ran a piece about Gowan s use of a state vehicle during approximately a 20-day period, where he traveled 4,800 miles. Some of the locations he traveled to were related to Gowan s campaign for his election to Congress. After the story ran, Gowan was forced to reimburse the state $12,000 dollars and now he s currently under investigation for further misuse of public resources by the Arizona Attorney General.It s been suggested that this entire charade was done just to get back at Stephenson personally, who was convicted of trespassing after a bar fight a few years ago. The rule immediately screwed over this reporter in a very personal and retaliatory way, along with every other person who might have some issue with which the new rule is at odds.The constitutionality of the new rule is to be determined. A statement by ACLU of Arizona said that the new rule might not be unlawful because it doesn t fully ban the press from the House. It only prevents them from being on the floor. It s a skirting of the constitution that might allow Gowan to get his way, unfortunately.Featured image via Flickr",0
6981, Texas Youth Pastor Exposed As Demented Child Predator (VIDEO),"Until his arrest on April 5, Willie Lee Bell Jr. was the children s pastor at First United Methodist Church of North Texas, located in Cedar Hill, a suburb of Dallas.Pastor Bell got his ass kicked by a group of concerned citizens who caught him in the act of molesting a six-year-old boy behind an apartment complex in Dallas.Police later connected Bell to at least two other child molestations at a different apartment complex in Dallas.Unlike many child predators, Bell didn t know his victims at all. It appears that he approached them as they were playing outside, and then lured them to a secluded area where he carried out the molestation.It s believed that Bell preyed specifically on children who were not associated with his church, and therefore would not be able to identify him to police.The mother of the six-year-old Bell was in the process of molesting says she s grateful that the bystanders intervened when they did. If it wasn t for them, he probably would have done more to my child,  she told Fox News 4 in Dallas.While leaders of the First United Methodist Church say they re not aware of any abuse that took place in the church, the question of how Bell was allowed to become a youth pastor has yet to be answered.According to police, Bell was previously accused of showing pornographic videos to children in the state of Tennessee. Had the church done a background check, that information would have been readily available.According to school officials, the child sexual predator also tried to establish himself as a mentor at Bray Elementary School.School officials sent out letters to parents after news of Bell s arrest first broke. The letter said that Bell had met with school officials to discuss setting up a mentorship program there. The program never happened, but school officials alerted parents to the fact that he had been inside the school, during regular school hours, when their young children also would have been in attendance.While schools are required to screen all volunteers and employees during the interview process, the law doesn t require every person who enters onto school property to have a background check first.Worse, background checks for church workers and volunteers are not required under the law. Churches are left to determine for themselves whether it s necessary to screen people who will be allowed to interact with children.Bell is currently charged with two counts of criminal sexual assault of a child. Given the circumstances, it s very likely more victims will be identified and more charges will be filed.Here s more on this story from Fox News 4 in Dallas.Featured image via video screen capture Fox News 4",0
6982, Fabulous 7-Year-Old Protests Transphobia For His Trans Best Friend (IMAGE),"Children are proof that hate is taught and learned. We are not born with prejudice. It is our upbringings that make us hate those unlike ourselves. Case in point   a 7-year-old boy and his little sister, who is 5, who are protesting North Carolina s sweeping anti-LGBT legislation, because their best friend, who is transgender, is being directly affected by it. The children s story was so inspiring that it was picked up by the popular Facebook page  Have a Gay Day. // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ // < ![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]&gt;This.Posted by Have A Gay Day on Tuesday, April 5, 2016Their mother, Janna Harris Cadenas, is very proud of her children. She posted to the  Have a Gay Day  Facebook page:Now that I went through all the posts  This is my son in the picture. His name is McCartney, he is 7 years old. He asked me to take him to this rally because his best friend is Transgender and for her privacy and age, she was not able to attend. My son is a beautiful, kind and intelligent soul. He was fully aware of why he was there this day and not only did he know what his sign said, he knew which song it references and can tell you every word of that song and just about any other Beatles song you can throw at him for that matter. That s his dog in the picture behind him. HIS name is Rigby, after the Beatles song. He s our newest rescue and he was proud to be mistaken for a girl all day while my Daughter Starkey Jude was mistaken for a boy. She didn t mind either and knew why she was there as well, she s 5. Guess I got pretty lucky to get the amazing, loving, accepting children I was blessed with. Oh, and they are both vegetarians and go to animal rights protests too. I m pretty sure I m winning at Momming these 2 amazing humans. If you doubt that feel free to ask them their opinions, they will definitely tell you.We need more citizens like Janna Harris Cadenas and her children. The sweep of anti-LGBT legislation across the southeast by bigots in power is nothing short of shameful. These lawmakers need to take a cue from these children, and realize that hate is not the way. It is not a family value or a Christian value, and it is certainly not an American value.You re awesome, Mrs. Cadenas, and thank you and your children for your support of our vulnerable community.Featured image via screen capture from The Gaily Grind",0
6983," Hooded Men Spray-Paint Racial Slurs, Pro-Trump Graffiti At UCSD Campus (VIDEO)","Students at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) are demanding campus officials identify the individuals responsible for spray-painting racist graffiti, along with pro-Donald Trump messages, on campus property overnight on Saturday.According to the local CBS affiliate, the vandalism was carried out by five men wearing hoods, who were seen by UCSD students.This weekend UCSD is hosting prospective students from around the world, who will be making a decision about which school to attend in 2017.Cultural buildings on campus, which faculty says are there to help racially diverse students  feel welcome  at UCSD, were specifically targeted with the messages.The graffiti included messages directed at Muslims, Jews, LGBTQ people and other groups.CBS8 visited the campus as the graffiti was being removed. According to their report, some of the language used by the vandals was too offensive to show on camera.One message was clear, however. Spray-painted on the sidewalk outside of a main campus building were the words  Build the wall  and  Deport them all.   #DonaldTrump  was also spray-painted on the walkway, along with the words  The Mexicans will pay for it. Watch the video, courtesy of CBS 8.CBS News 8   San Diego, CA News Station   KFMB Channel 8The graffiti incident has served to escalate longstanding racial tensions on UCSD s campus.In 2010, incidents of racism came to a head after videos of the infamous  Compton Cookout,  were shown on a campus television program. The  ghetto-themed  party, organized by white students, was designed to make a mockery of Black history month.After a noose was found hanging from one of the buildings on campus, a student walk-out, accompanied by large scale protests on campus led to the declaration of a  racial emergency. In order to diffuse tensions, university officials accepted a list of 32 student demands presented by member of the Black Student Union.In the years since the  Compton Cookout,  students have routinely criticized campus officials for failing to live up the 2010 agreement.The rise of Donald Trump has led to an increase of similar racist activity at Universities across the country.Trump has lent his stamp of approval to hate speech and to the kind of race-hatred that is only expressed by hooded men, under the cover of darkness.Featured image via video screen capture CBS8",0
6984, WATCH: Fox Host Jeanine Pirro Just DESTROYED Karl Rove And GOP Chair Reince Priebus,"The folks at Fox News are getting crazier on a minute by minute basis and although it s quite sad that this organization calls itself a news outlet, it s nonetheless quite entertaining watching Fox eat its own.In the latest of her rants, so-called   judge  and Donald Trump supporter Jeanine Pirro is ticked off at her cohort at Fox, nut-job extraordinaire Karl Rove and Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus  for their recent statements about a contested Republican convention and Donald Trump.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qINfdIhqzXM]Pirro usually reserves her outrageous statements for Democrats or Muslims, but this time she unleashed her fury on Rove and Priebus for their perceived anti-Trump stances. In response to Rove s suggestion that it would be acceptable for the Republicans to take the nomination away from Trump, even if he goes into the convention with the most delegates but not enough to secure the nomination, unhinged the Fox contributor. She said: The Republican establishment, desperate to stop Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, is still working to nullify our vote. If ever there were a time to not take away our vote, it s now   at a time when more people than ever are invested and voting. You want to keep your status quo   the one where one hand washes the other, and we pay for the soap. Pirro also reacted to Rove s remarks where he said a  fresh face  may be needed to beat Clinton in November. Pirro said: You want a fresh face? Aren t you the guy who kept bringing us one Bush after another? Continuing on her tangent, Pirro also attacked RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, calling him out for refusing to tell Sean Hannity  whether the presidential nominee for Republicans will be one of the top vote-getters   Trump or Cruz. Pirro said: Whatever happened to  your vote matters?  Not only is that infuriating, it is un-American. Watching all of these so-called conservatives and Republicans implode before our very eyes comes at just the right time as we head into the elections for November because it helps clarify that the GOP of today should not be in charge of this country. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6985, WATCH: President Obama Absolutely PUMMELS The GOP On Fox News,"The Republican Party has been a thorn in the side of the president since he took office. They have challenged his policies at almost every corner and at times just for the sake of it, thus preventing the country from running smoothly. Even now, as the president is close to the end of his final term, the GOP is not letting up. In their latest attempt at obstructionism, the Republican Party is attempting to scuttle the president s nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court. President Barack Obama appeared on Fox News Sunday for the first time as president and had a few things to say about Republican obstructionism.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHqWf81IbDA]The president wants the GOP to simply do one thing, which is to give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing in order for the American people to be given an opportunity to see what his nominee is all about. The president said: I think that people will evolve as they get familiar with Judge Garland s record, as it becomes apparent that the overwhelming majority of the American people think that the president should nominate someone to the Supreme Court and the Senate should now do its constitutional job and give him a hearing  Our goal is to just make sure that the senate does its job and treats him fairly. The Republicans want the next president to nominate a justice to the Supreme Court, hoping that a Republican president would appoint a conservative justice. The president went on to add that never has a Republican nominee for the Supreme Court not at least had a hearing. Yet, here are the Republicans yet again scuttling by preventing the president from doing his job and not doing their constitutional duties as well.The Republicans continue to obstruct but let s hope that they remain on the sidelines come November and we don t have to deal with a GOP presidential administration. Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6986, President Obama Reveals What Clinton’s Private Email Server Did To National Security (VIDEO),"Hate to disappoint the naysayers of Hillary Clinton who would love for her to be tossed out of the presidential election, but the short answer for what her private server did to the nation is   nothing. Scandalous, right?While appearing on Fox News Sunday ,President Obama told Chris Wallace that while not a good idea, when it comes down to if national security was ever at risk in regards to then Secretary of State Clinton s private email server, there was never any risk.He also stated: I also think it is important to keep this in perspective. This is somebody who has served her country for four years as Secretary of State, and did an outstanding job. He also said: There s carelessness in terms of managing emails, that she has owned, and she recognizes. Clinton certainly has owned up to the carelessness of her private server on several occasions between countless interviews and debates, and insists that she will be cleared of any and all alleged wrongdoing.Obama also made a special point of saying,  I guarantee that there is no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department, or the FBI, not just in this case, but in any case,  because many on the right have already been implying that Clinton is somehow receiving special treatment, which is simply just not the case. The president said: Nobody is above the law. How many times do I have to say it? Republicans and those opposing Hillary are holding tight to the verrrrrry slim possibility that she will somehow be indicted for having a private server and emails that changed classification status after the fact.According to HuffPo: The State Department said this month it has suspended plans for an internal review of whether classified information was properly handled in Clinton s emails at the request of the FBI. The department, complying with a judge s order, has released more than 52,000 emails from Clinton s private server. Clinton, quite literally, is complying with everything that is being asked of her, and she alongside the president seem pretty damn confident that she will be vindicated. Which will likely be exactly what happens. Featured image via video screen capture",0
6987, Watch This Lunatic ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Discipline Her Children With A Shotgun (VIDEO),"Have you ever seen something so stupid that you wish you could just go back to bed on the off-chance that it was a dream? That s how my day has gone so far. You know, we regularly hear from the NRA that gun owners are  responsible  individuals ready to leap into action and save us from all the ISISes, Commies, and other assorted (largely imaginary)  bad guys  who are lying in wait to attack us while we re walking around a grocery store or eating at Chipotle (though, of course, the food there might be seen as a reasonable threat these days). In some incredibly rare circumstances, it might be useful to have a gun. But, as usual, one of the NRA s Chosen has reminded us that the risks of universal gun ownership far outweigh the benefits.A woman who reportedly lives in the Southern United States didn t like that her kids disobey her, practically live on social media, and basically are teenagers. While most parents would take their children s electronics to teach them some respect, this unnamed woman decided a SECOND AMENDMENT SOLUTION was in order   so she grabbed her shotgun and began shootin  stuff while someone else recorded. I hereby denounce the effects that social media have on my children,  the mom shouts at the beginning of the video, her trusty boomstick ready to dish out some justice. Their disobedience and their disrespect.  She then takes aim at her children s iPhones and fires a shot, blasting them to bits. She then instructs the man behind the camera to place the broken bits of electronics back on the tree stump because she isn t quite through with them yet.Up to this point, the kids have been quite disrespectful, cursing at her and even flipping their mother  the bird.  In other words, she is likely right that they deserve punishment   but she continues to take things to the extreme I refuse to be cursed,  she bellows.  I refuse to be disobeyed. I take back my role as your parent.  This shining example of much of what is wrong with America then instructs the cameraman to make sure the kids are on camera   and they can be seen standing with their arms crossed as their mother continues to go insane. One of them throws up both middle fingers because he s exactly the sort of kid someone like this would raise. She fires another shot, blowing the already-destroyed cell phones to even smaller bits. Anything left put it on top,  she tells the cameraman who dutifully obeys. Mom then announces that she refuses  to have them influenced in negative ways    like, hypothetically, if their mother were to line them up and force her children to watch her shoot their belongings while screaming like a crazy woman. She wouldn t stand for that. Oh, wait To emphasize her point, she grabbed a sledgehammer and beat the fragments of the phones with it. I m done,  she yelled as she dropped the hammer and walked away.It s easy for some to imagine a world in which everyone is armed   but they fail to realize that people like this woman exist, who think a Second Amendment Solution is appropriate for even the most mundane of scenarios. She was not defending her home, saving lives, hunting, or even fighting back against an oppressive government. She used her weapon in an apparently failed attempt to intimidate her children (but let s face it: everyone in this scenario is an asshole). Fortunately, no one was hurt, but someone could have been. Watch it below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxbMlVPThp0Featured image via screengrab",0
6988, Bernie Criticizes Israel’s ‘Disproportionate’ 2014 Slaughter Of Palestinian Civilians (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders mildly criticized Israel s actions during the 2014 massacre of over 1400 Palestinian civilians by describing it as  disproportionate.  I m going to stress the word  mild  here because it will be held up as an extreme attack on Israel because that s where our political system is today. Any politician that even slightly disagrees with Israel s tendency to shoot first, ask questions never is labeled as the next coming of Hitler by the rabidly pro-Israel right and the slightly less rabid pro-Israel left. A fact that did not escape CNN s Jake Tapper:Tapper then inquired why Sanders, who like many American Jews identifies as Jewish but says he s  not very religious,  was taking a  critical  position on Israel. It is interesting that the first Jew in American history to win a delegate, much less a primary, is taking a position on Israel that is Usually in American politics everyone just supports Israel and whatever Israel wants to do. You re taking a more critical position,  Tapper said.It s rare for anyone, much less a journalist, to put it so bluntly so kudos to Tapper as well. Bernie, not one to shy away from controversy, gave a perfectly reasonable response that will in no way mollify his pro-war critics: A more balanced position,  Sanders interrupted.  Whether Jewish or not Jewish, I would hope that every person in this country wants to see the misery of never-ending war and conflict ending in the Middle East. It s a difficult issue. Other people have tried to deal with it for years. All that I m saying  as somebody who is absolutely pro-Israeli, absolutely 100 percent supports Israel s right to exist in peace and in security  I think that the only way we succeed is of course the United States supports Israel, but you cannot ignore the needs of the Palestinian people. You can t just be concerned about Israel s needs. You have to be concerned about the needs of all the people in the region,  Sanders added.Ohhhhhh .he s going to pay for that. One of the basic tenets of the pro-Israeli worldview is the Palestinians are not real people. They re all  terrorists  and  terrorist sympathizers,  even the small children. Keeping them deprived of food, medicine and other basic human needs is only natural since they re little better than animals. If you think I m exaggerating, you must not have spoken to many strident Israel supporters or listened to how the Israeli government and people talk about a Final Solution to the Palestinian Problem.Here s Bernie completely crazed, anti-Semitic (but not really) rant:Featured image via screen cap.",0
6989, Laura Bush Stuns Republican Party – Hinted That She Plans To Vote For Hillary Clinton,"It s no secret Republican women hate Donald Trump. The GOP frontrunner has a net negative rating of 42 percent amongst Republican women (and a net negative of 50 amongst all women). Bottom line: women hate Donald Trump, and if Republican women revolt against the sack of hot air, he loses in a landslide to Hillary Clinton.Well Clinton may have gotten a boost from an unlikely source: former First Lady Laura Bush.Speaking to the Women in the World Summit in New York, Bush, who recently published a book on Afghan women, told the crowd: I want our next president, whoever he or she might be, to be somebody who is interested in women in Afghanistan and who will continue U.S. policies and that we continue to do what we re committed to do as a country. That s who I want   or the kind of people that will do that and will pay attention to our history, and know what s happened before and know specifically how we can continue to do the good things that we do around the world. Considering Ted Cruz wants to  carpet bomb  the Middle East to see if sand can glow and Donald Trump wants to ban Muslims fleeing oppression from entering the United States, it doesn t take a genius to see what kind of candidate Bush is looking for.And when it comes to the issue of refugees, more than half of which are women. She stated she wanted the next president to protect the rights of women in Afghanistan. This eliminates both Trump and Cruz, so who s left?The Summit, focused on empowering women in a time of war, is a staple in Clinton s campaign message   empowering all women, all across the world.Jenna Bush, Laura and George s daughter, was more candid. Holding her 6 month old baby, she bluntly said:I m worried about her future.Laura Bush, who objected to her husband s  family values  oriented 2004 campaign, has taken a more moderate approach to politics than her husband and his inner circle. Featured image via Jemal Countess/Getty",0
6990, Arkansas State Troopers Surprise 10-Year-Old On His Birthday After No One Shows Up,"Toxey, a 10-year-old in Hot Springs Village, Arkansas had a birthday party on April 2nd. He invited 21 of his other classmates. No one showed up. After his mother, Angela Andrew, wrote a heartbreaking Facebook post about the party, two days later Arkansas State Troopers came to surprise the boy. Scared and at the same time trying to figure out why they were here,  the boy told local news outlet THV11. The troopers came bearing gifts and spent the day with the kid.  They showed me all the keys to do the sirens and the horn. I also got to see the cage with the dog in it,  he said. They had come to give me all that stuff and make up their own birthday party for me. I cried a little bit because they did that for me. The boy added it was the first birthday party he can remember people showing up. Just heartbroken and helpless. It s the last thing you want to feel for your kid, that no one cared enough to come,  his mother told THV11.  On Saturday night, I knew no one was coming, and I posted on Facebook just kind of like an outcry to parents. Just please if your kids get invited to birthdays take them. She told the Arkansas State Troopers,  I don t even know where to start because saying  thank you  just doesn t seem good enough! Saturday, I posted on my personal Facebook page that my son, Toxey, was disappointed that no one came to his birthday party. I guess an Arkansas State Trooper heard about the post, and what ensued is the stuff dreams are made of. This afternoon, after Toxey got home from school, a caravan of 5 state troopers pulled up at our house, K-9 included. Not only did they bring him a birthday cookie cake, but they also brought him all kinds of presents, let him play with Rhino, the K-9, and play with the sirens in their cars. They ate his cake with him and played basketball with him. All out of the goodness of their hearts. They made my sweet baby s day, and his year!! Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I will never be able to repay the kindness you showed my family today!! Come on friends, let s make these guys famous! They deserve to be recognized for the wonderful people they are!! According to WHIO, the officers were identified as Cpl David Forthman, with Troopers Terry Sawyer, Kyle Sheldon, Brandon Cook, and Tim Callison. Featured Image Courtesy of Facebook",0
6991, Bernie Sanders Has PERFECT Response To Man Ranting About ‘Zionist Jews’ At NY Rally (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders smacked down a man at his Harlem rally on Saturday when he tried to imply that the senator was a supporter of Israel s war against Palestine.At the end of the event, a man grabbed the microphone from someone and brought up Sanders  religion and the fact that he once spent a year in Israel before saying: As you know, the Zionist Jews   and I don t mean to offend anybody   they run the Federal Reserve, they run Wall Street, they run every campaign. Bernie, realizing where the question was going, shook his head and said,  Brother, brother, brother.  The man finished his question: What is your affiliation to your Jewish community? That s all I m asking. No, no, no,  Sanders shot back.  That s not what you re asking. He s right, what the man was really doing was trying to imply that the Senator is just like the Republican Party and blindly supports what Israel is doing to the Palestinian people. He wanted people to think that just because the Democratic candidate is proud of his ancestry and religion, that he s totally cool with Benjamin Netanyahu s reign of terror on Palestine in his quest to steal all of their land. That s what the man was doing.Instead of rising to the bait, Bernie took the opportunity to discuss his position on Israel and Palestine: I am proud to be Jewish. But you re not going to find any candidate running for president, for example, talking about Zionism and the Middle East. I am a strong defender of Israel, but I also believe that we have got to pay attention to the needs of the Palestinian people. There are wonderful people, I ve met them, on both sides of that issue and there are bad people on both sides of that issue. And if we are gonna bring peace, hopefully, God willing, in the Middle East we are gonna have to treat both sides with respect and equality. So while it is unfortunate that our lawmakers support Israel (they really shouldn t) the reality of the current situation makes it impossible not to   even Senator Sanders knows that. But it is important to realize that you would never, ever hear Donald Trump or Ted Cruz say that we need to treat the Palestinian people with respect. They are too busy calling them  terrorists  and kissing Netanyahu s ass.Watch: Featured image via video screenshot",0
6992, Donald Trump Could Be Running The Greatest Scam In American History,"Donald Trump likes to promote himself a shrewd businessman, but many who have done business with the man have been cheated and lied to.While few people are under any illusions as to Trump s honesty or integrity, a closer look at his campaign finance scheme suggests he may be running an enormous scam on all of us.From the time Trump announced that he was entering the race for the republican presidential nomination, Trump has been telling his supporters that his campaign is mostly self-financed.That s true, and it s not true.Donald may want people to think he s a multi-billionaire, but as Addicting info reports here, his actual net worth is estimated to be much lower.As it turns out, Trump is  self-financing his campaign  by lending money to himself. As of February, the Trump campaign had loans totaling $17.5 million, more than 70 percent of all the money his campaign had brought in to date.As this graph from Sunlight Foundation shows, Trump has actually given very little to his campaign.Image credit: Sunlight FoundationDetails on the terms of these loans appear to be a well-kept secret. It s hard to imagine a profiteer like Donald Trump not charging interest on $17.5 million in loans.Then there are revelations that the Trump campaign is spending large sums of money at Trump owned businesses.As The Daily Beast reports here, between the time he entered the race and the close of 2015, the campaign had paid more than $2 million to Tag Air Inc.Trump owns a commercial-sized plane, a Boeing 757-200, which is equipped to safely transport 43 passengers in seat belts plated with 24-carat gold although they might prefer to sit in the dining room, one of two bedrooms, or in the shower, (or they might prefer to travel in his smaller jet or one of his two helicopters).His aircraft ferry him around the country, from New York to Des Moines to Manchester to Biloxi, at a steep cost.Steep is right. The bill ran over $500,000 for a single day, in June of 2015.There were also huge bills paid out to Trump owned restaurants like Trump Cafe and Trump Grill, while Trump Restaurants LLC got a $74,000 all on its own.The campaign paid rent and utilities to Trump Tower Commercial LLC, along with in-kind rent to Donald J. Trump, Trump CPS LLC, and Trump Plaza LLC.The Daily Beast also reports:Trump even has his own companies to manage payroll, Trump Payroll Corp. and Trump Tower Commercial LLC, where tens of thousands of dollars are regularly funneled before landing in the pockets of his well-compensated staff.Campaign finance law bars candidates from profiting off their own campaigns.Yet at least one FEC expert told The Daily Beast that Trump s financial scam is unprecedented.According to Paul Ryan, of the Campaign Legal Center This is sort of a strange gray area of the law that I don t think the FEC has ever addressed. As Olivia Nuzzi of The Daily Beast reports:Were Trump to profit from, say, the sale of 15 Ivanka s Salads, Ryan said it would be a  technical violation  of FEC law,  but it doesn t make sense for it to be a violation. Why should it matter, in other words, if it was his own money to begin with, if it is being recirculated back into his pocket throughout the course of the campaign?Trump once vowed to be the first presidential candidate to make a profit from his campaign.Back in February, The New York Times reported that he may be closer to doing that than anyone realizes.But in the end, Donald Trump s campaign may up being little more than a costly political commentary on the shady way that corporate America functions.If Trump is an expert at anything it s privatizing profits, while transferring losses onto U.S. taxpayers.He s filed multiple bankruptcies, so many in fact, that according to CNN Money, Trump s casino empire surpasses every major U.S. company when it comes to the number of bankruptcies filed over the past 30 years.The idea that Trump could walk away from his presidential bid with millions of dollars in profits, while leaving the taxpayers holding all the bills, is not all that far-fetched, especially given his expertise in the world of shady corporate finance.Image credit: Gage Skidmore",0
6993, Here Are Just A Few Things America Could Afford If The Wealthy Actually PAID Their Fair Share,"It isn t much of a secret these days that rich people do not pay their fair share of taxes. I m not even talking about the small business owner who loves to complain about having a higher tax bill than some. I mean the offensively wealthy. Multi-millionaires and billionaires that draw a salary they don t need just so they can have a larger pile of money to sit on top of while throwing a middle finger at the middle class.Did you ever wonder,  What could we do in this country if everyone actually paid their fair share of taxes on a progressive scale? The short answer is, we d have about $124 billion extra per year for the government to use.Thanks to a leak of the Panama Papers, which detail just how much money is being hidden by corporations, the wealthy and even world leaders, we can now start to answer that question. Here are a few examples of what we could do with the money:1: Help to reduce the deficitRepublicans always say the federal deficit is the great evil of our time. It prevents everything from your business succeeding to sunny days from happening. $124 billion dollars a year would be able to negate nearly one quarter of the federal deficit. Republicans are strangely silent on this obvious remedy.2: Help to protect the elderlyThanks to Republican shenanigans, Social Security has some budget problems. Currently, it s experiencing a shortfall of about $182 billion because people like Ronald Reagan couldn t keep their hands out of the Social Security lockbox. Rather than consigning our seniors to complete and total poverty for generations to come, $124 billion extra a year could help resolve the Social Security problem until another method can be used to patch the rest and protect 80-year-olds from having to work full-time jobs.3: Fund universal preschoolUniversal pre-k would cost about $90 billion a year. We would actually have money left over from this one. The Economic Policy Institute has already put forth a plan to establish preschool and childcare for parents of infants and toddlers up to 4 years old for just 10 percent of their income. The government would pick up the rest of the tab. The plan would end up paying for itself in the long-term because younger children educated earlier in life will earn more and avoid the need for social welfare programs and have fewer run-ins with our drastically expensive criminal justice system.4: Pay the full salaries of all of our troopsThe Pentagon s personnel costs in 2014 totaled $116 billion dollars. Here we are again with some absolutely huge and important thing being paid for with money to spare, yet Republicans are silent. Strangely enough, even the troops don t motivate them on this one. Republicans LOVE our troops. Right? Sadly no, they don t. They only love having flag draped coffins for photo ops.5: Make sure nobody in America goes hungryAt its recent peak, food stamps cost $80 billion dollars in 2013. It has since lowered as the economy has steadily improved and people have gotten off the program at a modest pace. However, instead of screaming  cut! cut! cut!  as Republicans are inclined to do, we could fully pay for it and have a little over $40 billion a year left to do other things with.Here is a chart showing the costs of a few things, and where the extra money falls in comparison. It s so embarrassing. We could do two of the cheapest ones at the same time and still have a little money left over. But, Republicans are bound and determined to make sure America can t have nice things.Featured image via Flickr",0
6994, WATCH: President Obama Absolutely DESTROYS Trump and Fox News In One Simple Statement,"President Obama has a few months left in office and at this stage in his presidency, he wants to make sure that the likes of Donald Trump is as far away from the most powerful position on earth as possible. The president had his opportunity when he sat down with the Republican mouth piece Fox News in an interview with the conservative organization that has given Donald Trump free press for months. The president wasn t shy about pointing that out.During an interview on Fox News Sunday, host Chris Wallace asked the president if he felt any responsibility for angry constituents, who have not seen a change in their economic situation and are now attracted to Donald Trump. The president said: There s no doubt that I feel frustrated about it. Number one, we re still shell shocked from what happened in 2007-2008  People lost homes, lost jobs, lost life savings and they still don t fully know how that happened and was the system fixed in a way they can have confidence in. Wallace asked why Obama had not  fixed that in eight years.  The president responded: The perception is going to be changing over time as people see results. But   and this is the big but   nobody is going to be 100 percent satisfied in a democracy like ours with every outcome. And I think the danger both among Republicans and among Democrats who just listen to each other or they just listen to people that already agree with them   you know, Republicans have their own TV station. Go ahead,  Wallace said,  You can say Fox News. Of course it s Fox News. Is the president correct? Yes he is. Trump has received at least $30 million dollars of free airtime from May, 2015 to the end of 2015 alone. Mikey Mouse would be leading the Republican race if he would be given a major news outlet as a personal mouthpiece.Let s hope that the damage Fox has done by giving this demagogue a platform will not go beyond this year and we can look back at all this and sigh in relief that we won t be seeing Trump s demagoguery on display as president of the United States.Watch video here: Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6995, Ted Cruz: I’m ‘Honored’ By Support Of This Demon-Obsessed Exorcist Preacher (VIDEO),"Ted Cruz is a dangerous extremist who regularly surrounds himself with equally deranged right-wing loons. Case in point   his bragging about receiving the endorsement of Colorado Rep. Gordon Klingenschmitt. That s not all, either. Klingenschmitt is actually on Cruz s Colorado team of leaders for his presidential campaign.Nick named  Dr. Chaps,  this particular character is not just a Colorado State Representative. He is also a certifiably crazy preacher. In case you ve managed to miss Klingenschmitt s many, many controversies, here s a rundown of some of his more outrageous antics, complete with video proof.In 2006, Klingenschmitt was a chaplain in the U.S. Navy. However, he got himself kicked out for appearing at a right-wing political rally in his military garb, which is against policy. After that, he became a notoriously extremist preacher and far-right lunatic activist. Instead of admitting that he f*cked up, Klingenschmitt instead insisted that he was being attacked because he is a Christian   complete with the ludicrous claim that God made a hurricane happen because of the military s persecuting him for his beliefs.Two years ago, the good people of Colorado, likely oblivious to this loon s antics, elected him as a state representative. That is when the crazy really started to show. He didn t even make it a year before he was forcibly removed from the House Health, Insurance and Environment Committee after going on his  Pray in Jesus Name  program, and saying that a viciously violent attack on a pregnant woman in which her fetus was removed from her womb was punishment for America s legalization of abortion. Here is video of that rant:This man is also a self-identified exorcist, and he once tried to perform an exorcism on President Obama. Here is a report from Rachel Maddow on that crazy story:Unsurprisingly, Klingenschmitt is also viciously anti-gay, and says that the government should discriminate against gay people because they will all burn in hell. He admitted to once attempting a cleansing of a woman of the  foul spirit of lesbianism. Here is video of some of Klingenschmitt s insane and foul views on LGBT people:And finally, Klingenschmitt also insists that Jesus will overturn gay marriage rulings, and that judges who uphold them are  imposing the devil s law upon people.  As for the repeal of  Don t Ask, Don t Tell,  this idiot says that gay people should not be able to be soldiers because of taking breaks on the combat field to change diapers all because their treacherous sin causes them to lose control of their bowels. Now, bearing all of this in mind, here is what the #2 frontrunner for the GOP presidential candidate has to say about Klingenschmitt s endorsement, via Right Wing Watch: I am honored to have the support of so many courageous conservatives in Colorado,  Cruz said in a press release celebrating the formation of  his Colorado Leadership Team with the endorsement of 25 current and former elected officials and key grassroots leaders,  including Klingenschmitt.If this doesn t tell you what kind of president Ted Cruz would be, I don t know what will. He might be smart enough not to say this stuff so blatantly himself, but if he didn t share these same extreme views, he wouldn t surround himself with these people.Be afraid, be very afraid of the possibility of a President Ted Cruz.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6996, Idiot Pastor Loses His Damn Mind – Refuses To ‘Pledge Allegiance’ To ‘Sodomy’ (VIDEO),"There are apparently still folks who believe that because the LGBT community is gaining more and more equality, and because women have the right to make their own medical decisions, they are being forced to promote being gay and apparently forcing abortions on everyone.Case in point   Arizona Pastor Steven Anderson of Faithful Word Baptist Church.Anderson seems discontent in knowing the United States is offering too much freedom for all. He seems to think the rule of his God should be the ruler of all. And now, he s even going after the Pledge of Allegiance, because he somehow thinks that by reciting it he s being forced to promote homosexuality and abortion.During one of his sermons, he said: One nation, corrupt, perverted, promoting abortion and homosexuality to all. Not gonna do it, my friend. Get mad at me. Quit the church. Umm  granting equality under the law to people who are part of the LGBT community or letting women have control over their own bodies is not  promoting  anything   it s freedom. Something the United States kinda prides itself on. He doesn t seem to understand that he isn t being forced to do anything he doesn t want to do. He can still live his life with hate in his heart and no one will do a damn thing about it. He said: I don t want anything to do with sodomy. It s wicked. I don t want anything to do with abortion. I don t want anything to do with the things that our country is starting to stand for. Then he steps further onto the crazy train by perpetuating the myth that the United States is pushing for a  New World Order.  He doesn t seem to realize that he isn t forced to pledge allegiance to the flag, nor that there is separation of church and state that protects the church as much as it protects the state. He said: The problem with making an oath or pledge or affirmation is that you might sit there and pledge allegiance, right? And then, like, 30 years later, what happens when that country is a totally different place? What happens when that country stands for something totally different? And you ve already pledged allegiance to it. I mean, we don t want to do that. We don t want to get wrapped up in that. Sure, but he doesn t seem to have a problem pledging allegiance to an archaic text that was written thousands of years ago by men who claim the are writing the word of God. It s more than fine to believe in the Bible. It s more than fine to believe in God. That s his freedom that is protected under the Constitution of the United States. He s allowed to worship freely under full protection of the law as so long as he doesn t harm anyone. So, before he goes and swears off our  earthly government  he should probably think long and hard about the fact that freedom is granted to all, not just some. Featured image via video screen capture",0
6997," Boston Globe Goes #NeverTrump On Its Front Page, You Have To See This (IMAGE)","The Boston Globe will publish a satirical front page on Sunday, April 10, showing just how insane the news could get if Donald Trump is elected President of the United States. The page is part of an effort by the paper s editorial department to get Republicans to break out of their stupor and to stop Trump on his path to the nomination.It is every much the nightmare scenario it sounds like:The banner headline on the fake page, dated a year from Sunday, reads:  Deportations to begin, President Trump calls for tripling of ICE force; riots continue.  The page includes full, realistic articles about Trump s actions as president.The main story includes mentions of an Attorney General Chris Christie, and Fox News  Megyn Kelly tweeting from a bar because she s been placed on a White House black list.Other stories on the fake front page include  U.S. soldiers refuse orders to kill ISIS families  and details such as new libel laws targeting  absolute scum  in the press. Another story is about how Trump had offended the Chinese first lady by naming his new dog after her.Here is an image of the front page, see a PDF here.An editor s note on the page explains their goals: This is Donald Trump s America. What you read on this page is what might happen if the GOP frontrunner can put his ideas into practice, his words into action. Many Americans might find this vision appealing, but the Globe s editorial board finds it deeply troubling. Also featured in the issue is an editorial warning America off Trump:The GOP must stop TrumpDONALD J. TRUMP S VISION for the future of our nation is as deeply disturbing as it is profoundly un-American.Trump has experienced a recent series of setbacks on the delegate front, as the party s establishment attempts to deny him the number of representatives he needs at the convention in order to be granted the nomination. At the same time, much of the establishment is now backing the campaign of the far-right Senator Ted Cruz in a desperate attempt to blunt Trump s momentum. The reality star recently suffered an embarrassing loss in Wisconsin s Republican primary, and brought on new staffers with experience fighting for delegates at the party convention, scheduled for this summer in Cleveland.Featured image via Boston Globe ",0
6998, A Bi-Partisan Miracle: Federal Employee Health Plans Add Critical Autism Benefit,"A first glance, this doesn t seem like a big deal:Federal employee health-care plans will have to cover applied behavior analysis for children on the autism spectrum starting next year, and they are being encouraged to step up the incentives for enrollees to participate in wellness programs.But that s only until you understand what applied behavior analysis actually is and why it s one of the single most vital steps in helping children cope with autism. ABA is a form on one-on-one tutoring that can start with children under two years of age (my own son, Jordan, started at about 19 months).This tutoring varies from child to child. In Jordan s case, he learned how to focus on the task in front of him and how to behave in a teacher/student setting. He did this for 2 hours a day, 5 days a week for a little over a year. By the time he went to Early Intervention schooling (another critical component), Jordan was capable of being a student and has been steadily progressing from there.It s hard to overstate how important ABA is for children with autism. It s an incredibly time intensive program taught by highly trained professionals, which means it s very expensive. A full week program is certainly out of the reach of anyone not in the upper middle class and beyond. Making it a mandatory part of federal health care is literally a life-saving and life-changing event for countless parents and their children. I can say with absolute certainty that Jordan s ABA teacher helped him reach out of himself at a time where he couldn t even point to something he wanted because the very idea of directly expressing a need was completely foreign to him.The best part of this is that it s a bi-partisan effort, meaning the usual gridlock will not impact the families that need help the most:Rep. Chris Smith (R-N.J.), co-chair of the Congressional Autism Caucus, called the requirement  a milestone that will help ensure families across the country using ABA therapy will no longer have to pay the full out-of-pocket costs, and that public servants in every state will have access to an insurance plan that meets the needs of individuals on the spectrum. We know that early diagnosis and intervention services are critical to the long term development of a child with autism,  he said.  In addition to universal and early detection screening, interventions such as ABA therapy are important tools that helps provide children with ASD an opportunity to live to their full potential. This is a godsend and I can only hope that it becomes mandatory for EVERY insurance plan. The epidemic of autism is not going away and the longer we wait to help these children, the harder it becomes to help them effectively.Featured image via Getty ",0
6999, Case Regarding Cruz’s Birthright Citizenship Reaches Supreme Court,"One of the biggest mysteries in Constitutional Law is what the Framers meant when they said  natural born citizen.  Section 1 of Article Two of the United States Constitution states the eligibility requirements for serving as president of the United States, and under clause 5 one would find the  natural born  requirement:No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.The Supreme Court will have the option to take up the case, if it so chooses, now that the lawsuit challenging Ted Cruz s eligibility to be President has been filed.Retired Utah lawyer Walter Wagner has led the  birther  movement against Ted Cruz, filing multiple lawsuits in federal court to block the Texas Republican from seeking the nomination. Wagner lost his case in Utah District Court, with Judge Jill Parrish writing:Nowhere does Mr. Wagner allege how he will be injured in a personal and individual way.All cases must show that the individual bringing the lawsuit has suffered, is suffering, or will suffer an injury personal to them, and that their rights have been violated. Wagner contends that he does have a vested interest, saying it s his job at  insuring that all candidates for the position of president are legally qualified.  Basically, he s a taxpayer and an American citizen, so he has a particular interest in who the president is.After being smacked down in Utah, Wagner appealed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver and subsequently the U.S.  Supreme Court.Hopefully the Justices see fit to end this ridiculous talking point, seeing as though Trump will most likely emerge as the nominee. Also, establishing sound Constitutional decision to this long mysterious issue. Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty",0
7000, Donald Trump Just Visited The 9/11 Museum And P*ssed EVERYONE Off (IMAGES/TWEETS),"Native New Yorker and Republican front runner Donald Trump made his first-ever visit to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum on Saturday afternoon, and ended up p*ssing everyone off in the process.With his third wife Melania at his side, the business mogul took a 30-minute tour through the museum, making the press wait outside for him to finish. While Trump might have enjoyed his little run-through of the museum, not everyone was happy about it   and many of them took to social media  o blast him for it.One Instagram user, josh_andew, posted a photo of the candidate and captioned it,  Ugh a Trump sighting in NYC #Hillary2016 #NoTrump :InstagramTwitter also blew up with insults directed at the GOP candidate, many bringing up the fact that Trump has been the most anti-Muslim candidate, and criticizing him for using the museum visit as a campaign stunt.TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterThis tweet, in particular, nailed Trump s fake personality so well:TwitterNothing that Trump does is genuine, or without some sort of benefit in it for him. In the years between the opening of the museum and the start of his campaign, Trump was apparently too busy to pay his respects to the thousands of people who were killed in the terrorist attacks   even though he himself said that he  lost hundreds of friends  at the World Trade Center.But now because he s running for president, Trump is suddenly making it a priority to seem more appreciative of  New York values  than his rival Ted Cruz, who recently offended New Yorkers. It s obvious that blasting Cruz was part of Trump s plan all along when you read the end of this statement from Trump s campaign:This statement comes just a day after Trump blasted Cruz at a rally, saying: Remember when he started lecturing me on New York values like we re no good? We all know people who died, and I ve got this guy standing over there looking at me and talking to me about  New York values  with scorn on his face, with hatred of New York. Trump had also made a $100,000 donation to the museum, which never received a cent from Trump s charitable foundation before he was running for president. Actually, there isn t one 9/11-related nonprofit group that Trump made a contribution to until now, despite the fact that Trump feels so passionately about the rescue workers and survivors of the terror attacks. Trump doesn t give a damn about the victims, survivors or families affected by 9/11   he only cares about making himself look better. Featured image via Josh Andew Instagram",0
7001, Trump’s Own Children Won’t Be Voting For Him — Here’s Why,"There are at least two votes on which Donald Trump can t count in the New York primary   the daughter he badly wants to f*ck and his son, Eric. This might seem crazy at first   after all, Ivanka has been campaigning hard for daddy, and Eric Trump appeared alongside his brother as the latter offered to ship their father s black critics out of the country. But as crazy as it seems, it is true.The state of New York has incredibly strict voter registration laws   ones that promise to create issues for people of both parties. As with many states, New York operates on a  closed primary  system. Simply put, you cannot vote in a party s primary unless you are registered with that party. Normally, simply switching parties would solve the issue nicely, but the Empire State has the earliest change-of-party deadline in the country   October 9 (of last year), which is six months before the primary election.Yahoo News reports that both Eric and Ivanka are not registered as Republicans in the state:Donald Trump s three oldest children have campaigned with their father and served as surrogates during the presidential race. But only one of them is actually a member of the party Trump hopes to lead.Records from the New York State Board of Elections show that neither Ivanka Trump nor Eric Trump is enrolled in a political party. Trump s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., is a Republican.In other words, only the son who actively courted white supremacists on behalf of his father is able to vote for him in the upcoming primary. Sure, they support him, but it has to be humiliating for The Donald that two of his oldest children will not be casting a ballot for him.Registration for new voters in New York is more lenient, with a deadline of March 25   but even if Ivanka and Eric are unregistered, it is still too late for them to cast a vote for The Annoying Orange.This could also be bad news for Bernie Sanders, who has been swiftly closing the gap between himself and Hillary Clinton in the state. Since he has been converting people of varying political persuasions since he announced his candidacy, it is likely that many of his supporters will not be able to cast a ballot for him. Think Progress reports:When it comes to New York s fast-approaching presidential primary election, Lerner said potential voters from both parties would likely be impacted by New York s strict election rules. But she said that people voting for  the two non-establishment candidates    Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and billionaire Donald Trump   would bear the brunt of the confusion. That s because voters for those candidates were more likely to have been previously unaffiliated with a political party, or more likely to have wanted to switch parties to vote for their preferred candidate.Sanders supporters even set up a page back in October raising the alarm about the change-of-party deadline for independents and voters registered with more liberal factions like the Green Party or the Liberal Party.So far, it seems true that non-establishment candidates like Trump and Sanders tend to do better in open primaries, where people can vote in whichever party s primary they choose.Both Sanders and Trump stand to take a hard hit from New York s strict party-switching regulations, though he is sure to be a hit among first-time voters, who registered in record numbers in New York this year. The full impact of already-registered voters who wanted to switch parties to vote for the candidate of their choice remains to be seen, but one thing is certain   Trump s kids will be sitting this primary out.Featured Image via Getty/Jeff J. Michael",0
7002, Bernie Sanders Wins Wyoming Primary,"The winning streak continues for Bernie Sanders.Wyoming has just joined the ranks of seven out of the last eight states which have voted in the Democratic Primaries. Since March 15th, when Hillary Clinton swept five states, Bernie Sanders  campaign has recouped the momentum after winning Utah, Idaho, Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington by large margins, and taking Wisconsin on April 5th, despite initially being down in the polls in that state.Bernie Sanders has won 8 out of the last 9 states.  As of 9:43 PM EST With 100 percent reporting, Sanders has 55.7 percent, while Clinton has 44.3 percent. Each candidate won 7 delegates.Wyoming only has fourteen delegates, but the victory provides further momentum for the Bernie Sanders campaign to make a strong push going into a key primary in New York. A victory there could give Bernie Sanders the push he needs to win the Democratic presidential nomination. He is currently down roughly 200 pledged delegates after Hillary Clinton built a substantial delegate lead in the South. With her best states behind her, Bernie Sanders has slowly chipped away at that lead since March 15th.Whether you are a Bernie Sanders supporter, Hillary Clinton supporter, or still teetering between the two candidates, what Bernie Sanders  campaign has accomplished so far is amazing. Income and wealth inequality has never received this much attention in recent years, and calls for getting money out of politics have never been greater. Excitement and passion of Americans to participate in the Democratic process of voting are unprecedented. Attending campaign rallies for Bernie Sanders, where thousands of people passionately gather in favor of real progressive reforms and changes is something every Democrat SHOULD take pride in no matter how unsavory the debate over who is a better presidential candidate, because both will easily hand the Republicans a loss come November.Featured Image Courtesy of Flickr",0
7003, Republican Insiders Predict The Party Will Implode At GOP Convention,"A caucus formed by Politico consisting of operatives and strategists in ten battleground states around the country responded overwhelmingly they predict neither Donald Trump nor Ted Cruz will win the Republican Presidential nomination on the first ballot of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this summer. Nearly 90 percent of the insiders in the Republican Party made this prediction, which is the hope and aspiration of many Republicans who are embarrassed both Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have garnered so much support from Republican voters.Cruz and Trump s insane rhetoric and policy proposals almost make Ohio Governor John Kasich look like a Democrat in comparison. As Republicans cannot come to a consensus over a presidential nominee, the Republican Party will likely fall apart at the convention. If Donald Trump doesn t win the nomination after winning the most pledged delegates, he would likely make a third party run as his ego will not accept losing as an option. His supporters will likely engage in violent protesting as the patients take over the insane asylum. Trump supporters have treated anyone who dares defy the Donald at rallies with violence, there is no telling what they will do if the Republican Party doesn t hand over the keys to the presidential nomination. Donald Trump has one chance to win the nomination, and that is on the first ballot. Right now, I put his chances at about 40 percent, and that will require him to get some number of delegates from the unpledged delegates in states like North Dakota, Colorado, Pennsylvania, and a few territories,  an Iowa Republican said in his response to the Politico survey, which was conducted anonymously. Even if Donald Trump does win the Republican nomination at the convention, so many Republicans despise him and his rise in the party, they would rather have a Democrat in the White House than listen to Donald Trump steer the direction of the GOP, which right now is going full speed off a cliff.Featured image courtesy of Flickr",0
7004, Bill O’Reilly’s Goon Gets Schooled By College Students (VIDEO),"Bill O Reilly has a segment of his show in which he sends professional insufferable prick Jesse Watters out to harass people for the amusement of O Reilly s aging, senile audience. The very cleverly named  Watters  World  is not supposed to illuminate the viewer so much as make them feel better about hating the people being harassed. This week, Watters and his punch-me face took on the students of Princeton University and it didn t go well:In one of the most bizarre segments on Fox News you ll ever see, Bill O Reilly sent his interviewer to Princeton to say the word  ghetto  to black students   and it went pretty much as you d expect.Jesse Watters, who often interviews people on the street for The O Reilly Factor, visited the school s campus and asked students of different races if they were offended by various loaded words and phrases, such as  ghetto,   black crime,   slum,   Islamic terrorism,  and  white privilege. Now, I m not exactly a fan of college PC culture but there s a difference between someone crying about  cultural appropriation  (get over it. If it s cool, other people are going to want to try it) and being offended by the word  ghetto  with its obvious and well known racial overtones. That being said, I was delighted to see just how badly Watters, the human-weasel hybrid, failed to  expose  PC culture run amok.Not only did expert douchebag Watters not find anyone that fit the stereotype he was looking for, the ones he tried to shoehorn in had to be obviously edited to seem irrational. And even then, they really didn t. One black student responded quite reasonably to being asked about people using the word  ghetto  by saying, I feel like they should be more careful in their choice of words,  and another simply walked away from an obvious trap. Other students either refused to take the bait or gave a measured and intelligent response: It s that kind of elitism, classism, that kind of snobbery  is counterproductive, it dehumanizes people. The whole segment flopped horribly. Paid stalker Watters told one student,  You re a woman and you re white. That s how you got into Princeton  and he used a bad edit to make it seem like she responded by saying  And I m actually kind of upset about that.  That s how hard he had to try to make the segment work. Even O Reilly admitted that  they didn t seem as crazy as some of these other college kids  when it was done.It s doubtful that O Reilly s viewers will see it that way as they yell at the TV for those damn kids to get off their lawn but for everyone outside of the Fox News bubble, this was just embarrassing for Watters and his obnoxious bullying.Here s the cringe-inducing video: Featured image via screen cap. ",0
7005, Video Proves Texas Cop Lied About Man Pulling A Gun On Him Twice (VIDEO),"Newly released surveillance video shows that a Texas police officer lied when he arrested a young father in front of his two children, claiming the man pointed a gun at him twice.The video, just released by KHOU, shows Julian Carmona s vehicle pulling into a parking space at a Houston, Texas convenience store. His two children were in the back seat of the vehicle.The off-duty officer who claims the man pointed a gun at him, identified as William Wright of the Houston Police Department, was driving his own personal vehicle at the time of the encounter.In the first few moments of the video, Carmona can be seen pulling in behind the officer s pickup truck, before parking his own vehicle.Carmona says he was in a hurry to get inside the store because he had to use the restroom. He admits that there was a gun in the pocket of the driver s side door.Carmona says that as he was getting out of the car, the gun somehow fell out of the car. I don t know if I hit it when I opened the door, or hit it with my foot everything just happened so fast,  he told KHOU.The video shows Carmona opening the door to his vehicle, then bending over as if to pick something up off of the ground. He immediately turns back toward his own vehicle, apparently to return the fallen object to the car.It s at this point that officer Wright can be seen getting out of his pickup truck with his gun drawn on Carmona. I put my hands up like,  Sir,  I apologized right away,  Carmona said.  Sir, I apologize,  because the first thing that come to my mind, I dropped a gun in front of an officer, without even knowing it. Wright ordered Carmona to the ground, placing the man in handcuffs as his children watch from the car.At one point his young son can be seen getting out of the car as his father lay face down on the ground. He comes behind me, he starts handcuffing me and my son comes out of the truck. That was the last thing I wanted,  he told KHOU.In his official report, Wright wrote that Carmona pointed a gun at him twice, causing him to fear for his life.He was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, a felony offense under Texas law.But the video clearly shows that the Texas father never pointed a gun at officer Wright.It should not go without saying that carrying a gun in a vehicle with two children riding inside is a terrible, terrible idea.From the video and Carmona s own statements, it appears that he intended to leave the gun in the car with his children while he used the convenience store bathroom. That is something no parent should ever do.Be that as it may, it s not a crime in the state of Texas.Carmona has a legal permit to carry a concealed weapon.In an apparent effort to discredit him, police brought up a 2007 charge which was dismissed through deferred adjudication.What s more, video from inside the store shows that Officer Wright has stopped there to purchase beer, something officers in uniform are barred from doing under department policy.Regardless of how you feel about concealed carry laws, there s no justification for this kind of dishonesty and abuse of power on the part of police.Here s more on this story, including footage from the surveillance video, via KHOU.Featured image via video screen capture via KHOU",0
7006, House Republican Busted For Illegally Using Campaign Funds For Personal Expenses,"It is a violation of federal election laws to use campaign funds to pay for personal expenses, but that s exactly what California Rep. Duncan Hunter has been busted for doing.According to the San Diego Union Tribune,Campaign finance reports show $5,339 in such charges during 2015 alone: $1,128 in travel, $1,650 to Hunter s children s school in El Cajon, $1,424 for video games and $1,137 paid to an oral and facial surgeon.The forms list only one personal expense that was actually paid back by Hunter   $169 on Oct. 21, with no indication of which personal expense was being reimbursed. None of the other outstanding charges were listed as repaid, or as an ongoing debt to the campaign for the year-end accounting.So it s hard to believe that Hunter will actually pay back the funds he and his family have stolen to enrich themselves like he said he would do in a statement. There was no taxpayer money involved, and I take full responsibility, Hunter said before claiming that he s  going to pay everything back by tomorrow morning, with interest. Hunter has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2013, and it didn t take long before he and his family started personally gaining financially off campaign funds.Even his own wife gets paid $3,000 a month as his supposed campaign manager.And Hunter clearly knows that he has been breaking the law all this time even though he lamely blamed the video game charges on his own son despite admitting that he and his wife are the only ones who had a campaign credit card.The Tribune reports that  a $1,650 payment on Sept. 21 to Christian Unified Schools   where Hunter s three children attend   was listed as a  personal expense   to be paid back  on Hunter s form for the period ending Dec. 31. Hunter literally listed a payment as a  personal expense,  which provides all the evidence the Federal Election Commission needs to throw the book at him.This is yet another example of the hypocrisy Republicans have demonstrated. For years, the GOP has attacked food stamp recipients of living on the dole. Meanwhile, a Republican like Hunter uses campaign funds to pay for lavish personal expenses instead of using his own bank account. The difference is that food stamp recipients actually NEED food stamps to put food on the table. That s not laziness, it s survival. What Hunter is doing on the other hand, is laziness and theft and not only should he be forced to pay back every cent, he should be forced to resign.Featured image: YouTube",0
7007, Republicans Alarmed As Wisconsin’s Racist Voter ID Law Comes Under Assault,"Ever since the 2008 election, Republicans have been instituting law after law to keep people from voting. They did this because they knew the right wing of the Supreme Court would support them and they ve been very successful in keeping millions of people away from the ballot. But without the 5th conservative on the Court to tip the ruling, those days are at an end.Civil rights groups, like a shark smelling blood in the water, are moving in for the kill:On Thursday, the American Civil Liberties Union argued before the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals that people who face significant hardships should be able to vote without an ID. As in New Hampshire, Idaho, Texas, and several other states, such voters would be able to sign a legally-binding affadavit to prove their identity. Sean Young, the lead attorney on the case, previously argued that Wisconsin s voter ID law should be struck down entirely. Some federal courts agreed, comparing the law a poll tax, but the U.S. Supreme Court allowed the law to stand. Now, the ACLU is arguing that individual categories of people should be allowed to challenge the law and demand accommodations that enable them to vote.This is a page right out of the GOP s playbook. Carve out an exception here, undermine a ruling there and the next thing you know, it s time to strike Voter ID from the law books.And, oh look! The Democrats will most likely control both the White House and the Senate next year leaving Republicans with no way to enforce their screamingly obvious voter suppression tactics. Truly, a sad day for Conservative America.It s going to take several years to clean up the deliberate mess Republicans have made of our elections but it s inevitable at this point. This won t stop Republicans from coming up with new and more creative means to suppress the vote of Those People but it does mean that it will be increasingly more difficult to get away with it.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
7008, North Carolina Republican Throws Temper Tantrum Over Bruce Springsteen Cancelling Concert,"In retaliation of Bruce Springsteen cancelling a concert over the state s anti-LGBT law, a North Carolina Republican whined and stated that he might have to become a Justin Bieber fan now.North Carolina Republicans jammed House Bill 2 into law last month in response to a Charlotte city ordinance that protected LGBT people from discrimination. But the new law overturns the ordinance, barring cities and counties from passing their own anti-discrimination laws.In addition, the law also prevents cities and counties from raising the minimum wage, allows employers to fire workers for any reason, and outlaws transgender people from using the restroom that corresponds to their gender identity. Basically, the four-page law makes North Carolina a crappier place to live.As predicted, businesses are not happy about this law and it s already hurting the state as Paypal has cancelled a project in the state that would have created hundreds of jobs. And most prominently, Bruce Springsteen cancelled a concert in Greensboro rather than perform in a state that discriminates against their own citizens. To my mind, it s an attempt by people who cannot stand the progress our country has made in recognizing the human rights of all of our citizens to overturn that progress,  the legendary rocker wrote in a statement condemning the law.  Some things are more important than a rock show and this fight against prejudice and bigotry   which is happening as I write   is one of them. It is the strongest means I have for raising my voice in opposition to those who continue to push us backwards instead of forwards. And in response, North Carolina GOP Rep. Mark Walker, who is also a pastor, threw a tantrum over the cancellation in an interview with the Hollywood Reporter.Claiming that the law is merely meant to catch  imposters  who would somehow take advantage of laws protecting transgender people, Walker called Springsteen a  bully. Bruce is known to be on the radical left,  Walker whined.  He s got every right to be so, but I consider this a bully tactic. It s like when a kid gets upset and says he s going to take his ball and go home. Walker then pointed out upcoming concerts that are coming to the state. We ve got other artists coming soon   Def Leppard, Justin Bieber,  Walker said. I ve never been a Bieber fan, but I might have to go. Maybe artists who weren t  born to run  deserve a little bit more support. Yeah, and now that you ve professed your support of these artists, they should probably consider running as far away from the bigoted state of North Carolina as possible. Because the last thing Def Leppard and Justin Bieber would want is to be endorsed by a Republican who supports discriminating against people, especially since many of those people are their fans.Walker and his fellow Republicans are the real bullies in North Carolina. This bill isn t about  imposters  at all. That s merely the excuse the GOP used to pass the law despite the fact that there have been zero instances of sex offenders using LGBT protection to defend predatory behavior across 17 states and over 200 cities.Make no mistake, Republicans brought these economic consequences upon their state themselves by legalizing discrimination when they could have followed Charlotte s lead and passed a similar law covering the entire state. Instead, they chose hate and took the state backwards.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
7009, White Texas Teacher Caught On Camera Beating Black Student In Classroom (VIDEO),"Republicans repeatedly tell us our schools would be safer if we put guns in the hands of teachers so they can defend our precious little snowflakes from any and all threats. But sometimes, you have to wonder what would have happened had a gun been introduced to a situation   especially if the threat in question is the educator the GOP wants to arm.Mary Hastings, a 63-year-old teacher at Ozen High School in Texas, was arrested for assault Friday after horrifying video surfaced showing her beating an African-American student. Hastings, who is white, can be seen (apparently) accusing the student of interfering with another student s graduation. She then calls the boy  idiot ass  as she throws the unnamed (and most importantly, noncombative) African-American student s papers off of his desk and hits him in the head repeatedly. When he asks why she did that, she mocks him   because that s apparently what adults do these days.Hastings was removed from the classroom and placed on paid administrative leave. She was released on $2,500 bond and slapped with a  misdemeanor assault charge. In a statement, Beaumont Independent School District s Special Assistant to the Superintendent, Nakisha Burns, explained that the teacher would be terminated and vowed that such abuse would not be tolerated:The Beaumont Independent School District can confirm that an Ozen High School teacher was arrested today for physically assaulting a student. The conduct was substantiated by video footage viewed by BISD police and administration. The District is committed to providing a safe and secure environment for our students. BISD does not condone employees abusing any child and will not tolerate such conduct. The teacher was immediately removed from the classroom and placed on administrative leave pending action on her contract.If this is the sort of person the GOP wants to arm, it is certainly a chilling thought. What would have happened, for instance, if she had a gun in her desk and  perceived him as a threat? Watch the attack below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCxZnMuQHA4Featured image via screengrab",0
7010, AL Cops Kill Suicidal Woman After Her Parents Call For Help (VIDEO),"On April 3, 2016, Melissa Boarts  frantic mother took her two-year-old granddaughter to search for her mentally ill daughter, after realizing she had disappeared. I heard Melissa go into to the living room, and I went in there to talk to her,  Terry Boarts told the Montgomery Observer.  She was gone. She had left. Boarts  mother says the 36-year-old Alabama woman was diagnosed with bipolar manic depression. She was having trouble with her medication and had scheduled an appointment with her doctors in hopes of finding a more effective medication.On Sunday, before disappearing, she told family members she was going to kill herself by slitting her wrists.When Terry Boarts finally located her daughter, she says she was driving on the Interstate,  heading toward Auburn. Not knowing what else to do, Terry Boarts called 911. She says she told the dispatch operator that her daughter was  having mental issues  that she was bipolar, that she had been really depressed, that she was saying she was going to cut her wrists. According to attorneys representing the Boarts family, Melissa Boarts was 5 4 and weighed about 130 lbs.After pursuing her vehicle down a dirt road, police say that the mentally-ill woman got out of her vehicle and charged at them with a weapon.Police say that the officer on scene felt threatened and feared for his life. He fired his police-issued weapon, ending her life.Terry Boarts says that the family was initially not given any information from officers, beyond being told that there was  fatality. We re still assuming the road ended and she hit a tree,  Terry Boarts told the Montgomery Observer.  They never told us she had been shot. Melinda Boarts, Melissa Boarts  twin sister, said police finally came back after hours, to tell the family  they shot her. Melissa Boarts  family is shocked and outraged over her death at the hands of the people they trusted to help her in a time of need.Her father spent 25 years working for the Alabama Department of Corrections. There was absolutely no justification for it,  he said in a statement released through the family s attorney.  (Police officers) knew exactly what was going on. That s why we can t understand why they had to shoot her,  he told the Montgomery Observer, calling the shooting  absolutely outrageous. Auburn police have refused to say whether there is video or audio from the scene of the shooting, but promised to make all evidence public, once it becomes available.As The Washington Post reports here, there have been 262 fatal police shootings so far in 2016.A person with mental illness is 16 times more likely than others to be killed by police.Here s more on this story from Alabama s WRBL. Featured image via video screen capture from WRBL",0
7011, Reporter Falls From Riser After Trump Goads Crowd Against Press (IMAGES),"An unidentified photographer is reported to have fallen backwards off a press riser at Donald Trump s rally in Bethpage, New York.About 8,000 people were reported to be in attendance at the rally, which was held at Grumman Studios. Video published by The New Civil Rights Movement shows that about 20 minutes into his speech, Trump began referring to the media as  dirty  and  awful people. As he did so, the audience began booing and jeering at members of the media who were packed together or press risers, calling the  losers. NBC National News correspondent Peter Alexander tweeted:Image credit: screen capture Peter Alexander on TwitterAssociated Press reporter Jonathan Lemire also reported on Trump s attack on the media, quoting the candidate on Twitter:Image credit: screen capture Jonathon Lamire on TwitterReuters reporter Emily Flitter also posted about the incident.Image credit: screen capture Emily Flitter via TwitterDavid Badash of The New Civil Rights Movement reports that shortly after this disturbing scene took place, the unidentified reporter fell backward from the press riser.Multiple news outlets report that the crowd broke out into cheers when the person fell.Screen capture Emily Flitter via TwitterChris Dignam attributed the reporters fall to the fact that the press risers were overcrowded.Image credit: screen capture via Chris Dignam on TwitterThis isn t the first time that Donald Trump has endangered members of the press during one of his rallies. He often targets the media during his rants, inciting his followers to turn on the press. At other rallies, he s called the media  dishonest  and  scum.  He has also forced reporters to remain inside fenced-off pens. At a December 21 rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Trump told his audience  I would never kill [journalists] but I do hate them. His hatred vehement hatred toward the press is not just ugly and wrong, it s dangerous to every reporter, journalist and photographer in America. The idea that Trump is creating a nationwide mob of potentially violent, media-hating followers is chilling.In August of last year, Allison Parker, a reporter with Virginia s WDBJ-TV was shot and killed on live TV. The man who shot her was a former coworker who had mental health issues. We can only guess how many of Trump s followers have similar mental health issues.Judging by the reaction of the crowd when the reporter fell from the risers, I d say a lot.Credit: Andrew Renneisen / Stringer Getty Images News",0
7012," Bill Maher Announces Sarah Palin Is Becoming A Rapper, And He Has Video Proof (VIDEO)","Bill Maher and his guests took an opportunity during Bill s show Real Time, to delight in the many failings of the most unsuccessful half-term governor in American history: Sarah Palin.This night, like many others, was not kind to Caribou Barbie. Bill and the guests began with a criticism of Trump for continuing to use Sarah Palin as his media mouthpiece. Bill compared Sarah to the  Billy Bass  talking fish decoration in an amazingly accurate way:  The novelty has worn off, we can t remember why it was fun to begin with, and yet it keeps talking and quite frankly, it looks like it s on meth. After some accurate criticisms of Palin, Bill made his way into the announcement that Sarah is actually becoming a rapper. He d noticed recently that Sarah s speeches have been taking on something of a  different  tone, and they included a lot of rhyming words, showing examples in a video clip he had prepared.As if the video was not hilarious enough, Bill then presented Sarah s debut rap album, The Miseducation of Sarah Palin, with a track list that includes  Boyz In My Daughter,   Me, So Honky,  and  Fear Of A Black Planet (No Seriously, I m Terrified Of Black People). While we can all sit and laugh at the daily exercise in embarrassment that is Sarah s life, it does highlight an important point. The person who is probably going to be the Republican presidential nominee had the poor judgement to not only accept her endorsement, but he literally took her with him on the campaign. It s like 2008 all over again. Why doesn t anyone understand how bad she is?For Trump to one day announce that his entire campaign was an elaborate prank to embarrass republicans would be hilarious, but not surprising. It s the only way to explain it.Watch the funniest compilation of Sarah Palin in months below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
7013, Rick Scott Was So Butthurt By The Woman Who Called Him An A-Hole He Released This Attack Ad (VIDEO),"Florida Governor Rick Scott isn t up for re-election. His creepy, Skeletor-like appearance is secured through 2018. His flip-flopping political ideologies, war on women s health care and ridiculous rules forbidding state workers from so much as saying the words  climate change  aren t going anywhere. His refusal to expand Medicaid because his own state s failures serve as some kind of an imaginary warning sign is set in stone.Why, then, did the most powerful man in the Sunshine State feel it necessary to have a YouTube ad produced attacking the woman who recently called him out for being an a**hole? Because he is an a**hole, why else? Poor Ricky decided to go the route of butthurt little toddler who was scolded by his mother in public, causing him to hold his breath until someone made it right.His PAC obliged, of course, most likely fearful that he would don his Grim Reaper outfit and send them to the depths of hell with a touch from his evil sickle.  Let s Get Working produced a one-minute video, naming the woman the  Latte Liberal  and attacking her for  sitting around coffee shops complaining and demanding public assistance.  In case you haven t seen the interaction between them, enjoy. Crypt-Keeper Scott could only stand there and take credit for the economy recovering from a recession his state s housing market bubble helped create with that disturbing smile on his face that is rumored to consume the souls of small children and fluffy kittens:Scott answers her criticism with  We ve a million new jobs.  Yes, that s true. Unfortunately, far too many of those jobs will serve to lift unemployed people up and dump them into the  Medicaid gap  of income between qualifying for Medicaid and subsidies for the Health Care Marketplace. Scott didn t have anything to say about the signing of archaic abortion laws and deep budget cuts to any clinic that provides any abortion services, including Planned Parenthood.That video has gone viral, with more than 2 million views, and for poor little Ricky, that just couldn t stand. He felt the need to release this attack on a woman who clearly had the interests of the average person in mind when she gave him a piece of her mind:The answer to criticism from a Republican Governor is about as stereotypical as can be nowadays: The ad s narrator calls her names and dumps rhetoric about how many jobs have been created in a state whose economic growth and unemployment numbers basically mirror that of the rest of the country.Then they find it more appealing to attack her political views rather than address the issue of healthcare. Because all those people who want silly things like affordable ways to see a doctor are just lazy whiners looking for public assistance.Rick Scott, as usual, is completely disconnected from the reality of the people he  serves. Featured image from screen capture",0
