id,title,text,label
15030,BOX OFFICE BOMB: Seth Rogan Tweeted F*ck You To Ben Carson…America Responds By Boycotting His Steve Jobs Movie,"Who s laughing now  funny  guy?We asked everyone to boycott the Steve Jobs movie after not-so-funny guy sent this vulgar tweet directed at GOP Presidential contender and brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson: Steve Jobs  didn t just bomb this weekend, it BOMBED. Although director Danny Boyle s biopic sits in nearly 2500 theaters and was predicted to clear around $12 million, according to Deadline, by Monday the $30 million film (closer to $60 million with distribution costs) will bottom out at $7 million.It wasn t supposed to be like this.Not even close.First there was the pedigree: an Oscar-winning director, an Oscar-winning screenwriter, and a biopic subject who is also a national brand.Then there is the track record: just five years ago  The Social Network,  a similar film about a similar subject written by the same Aaron Sorkin, opened to $22.4 million. On top of that, in limited release,  Steve Jobs  was nearly breaking records.The good juju was apparently broken when one of the film s stars, Seth Rogen, the guy who was supposed to provide some box office insurance, launched a profanity-laced attack against Dr. Ben Carson, an attack many saw as race-based against the black Republican presidential candidate.Two weeks ago, just as the film s public relations campaign was gearing up for its national release (and Oscar grab), Rogen fired off a hate-tweet,  Fuck you @realBenCarson.  Rogen claimed he was angry at Carson for suggesting German Jews would have been able to better resist the Nazis had the government not confiscated their firearms in advance of the Holocaust.The backlash against Rogen and  Steve Jobs  was immediate and intense. Many people used their social media accounts to call for a boycott of the film.Just six days ago, Rogen doubled down.The racism charge against Rogen is not without merit. Carson is a black Republican, Canadian Rogen is a white liberal. Going back to the days of slavery, the KKK, and Jim Crow, white Democrats have attacked and attempted to intimidate black people who  don t think right,  who defiantly stand up for their civil rights and threaten the Democrat power structure.Democrats and their DC media allies vehemently disagree with Carson s strong stance in favor of his Second Amendment civil rights. While Democrats can no longer use German Shepherds and fire hoses like their ideological brethren did 50 years, today they use social media to destroy black people who stray from the Liberal Thought Plantation.With Emily Blunt s  Sicario,   Steve Jobs  is now the second film this month to under-perform in the wake of one of its left-wing stars hurling partisan insults. Via: Breitbart News",0
15031,TRUMP SUPPORTERS TAKE OUT THE TRASH: Radicals Disrupt Rally So Pro-Trump Crowd Takes Care Of Business [Video],Radical goons disrupted a Florida Trump rally so the crowd handled them just as they should: ,0
15032,"COINCIDENCE OR TRUMP EFFECT? FORD Changes Course, Brings Mexico Plant Back To U.S. After Trump Makes This Threat About Outsourcing","It s almost like a flip has switched. Political pundits, news sources and even businesses are starting to see that Trump is a force to be reckoned with and he very likely could be America s next President Donald Trump may not be the President yet, but his constant criticism of Ford outsourcing jobs to Mexico has caused the auto tycoon to change course and bring the $2,000,000,000 plant back to the United States.Ford is moving its facility, originally slated for Mexico, back to the United States, where it will employ 1,000 factory workers in struggling Youngstown, Ohio.Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump recently said that if he s elected he would take steps to make it more expensive for manufacturers to shift work to Mexico and then export the items back to the United States. How does that help us?  Trump said about the Ford investment in Mexico while campaigning in Michigan this week.  Mexico is becoming the new China. Ford has declined to comment, but many see this as a good sign, a welcome change after decades of outsourcing manufacturing plant overseas. ",0
15033,Obama Throws Gasoline On Black Terrorists War On Cops: “The Moment Is Here”,"If a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  And should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? It s a rhetorical question of course At a White House discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black Americans, President Obama declared that  the moment is here. He meant a chance for big change, and that s the problem. The change he and his allies are achieving is like throwing gasoline on a raging fire.Consider that at about the same time the nation s first black president was speaking to police chiefs and prosecutors, a group called Black Lives Matter was denouncing police brutality in Times Square, real and imagined. In another sad coincidence of timing, they marched as the city was mourning the murder of NYPD Officer Randolph Holder, the fourth New York City cop killed in 11 months.Officer Holder was black, as is his alleged killer, but that mattered not a whit to the protesters. One told Fox News that she hopes Holder s family  realizes that his life is included in the  Black Lives Matter  slogan. We re talking about black bodies being persecuted across the world,  she added.This is nonsense on steroids, yet these are the president s shock troops. Obama and confidante Valerie Jarrett earlier met with the radicals leading the Black Lives Matter movement and encouraged them to keep going, the group has said.Obama, at last Thursday s event, praised the group again while also claiming that  everybody understands that all lives matter. Everybody wants strong, effective law enforcement. Everybody wants their kids to be safe when they are walking across the street. Nobody wants to see police officers who are doing their jobs fairly hurt. Everybody understands it s a dangerous job. His saying so doesn t make it true. The anti-police movement sweeping urban areas proves that many people actually don t want strong law enforcement, and don t have any respect for police work. Many, including those Obama met with, appear to hate all cops.The police-brutality yarn also hides another issue. It is the documented fact that young black men commit violent crimes far out of proportion to their population.The New York City murder rate is typical. Year in, year out, about 90 percent of homicide victims are nonwhite males, as are 90 percent of their killers.Yes, there are bad cops, and they come in all races. But for the president to emphasize that there are brutal and racist cops, presumably white, without citing the staggering rate of black-on-black crime distorts both problems. It also misses the relationship between them.The very nature of police work   to go where the crimes are   means cops will have more charged interactions with young black men than with other racial and ethnic groups. Had Obama acknowledged those realities, and spent serious time in his presidency working toward reducing black crime, he would have far more standing to criticize police and prosecutors.Indeed, he could have, and should have, cited the murder of Officer Holder as an example of the complexity of the issues. An immigrant from Guyana, the 33-year-old Holder came from a family of police officers there and, after five years on the NYPD, had won several awards and aimed to become a detective. The president might have cited Holder s sacrifice, if only to show he understands how a police shooting strikes at the heart of other cops and society as a whole.Obama also could have cited Holder s alleged killer to make another point. Tyrone Howard, 30, is a career criminal who has been arrested 28 times over the last 16 years, including once for the shooting of a 9-year-old boy. Even Mayor de Blasio, who won office by demonizing cops, called Howard  a hardened and violent criminal  who  should not have been on the streets. Howard, facing a six-year prison sentence last May for leading a drug gang, was instead sent to a drug-treatment program by overly lenient judges. He was involved in a shootout with gang rivals last Tuesday when Holder and other officers gave chase. As they got close, Howard allegedly turned and killed the cop with a single shot to the head from an illegal handgun.Facts are stubborn things, but it is probably asking too much for anti-cop bigots to recognize them. Yet for the president of the United States to cheer their movement is more than a mistake. It is another tragic illustration of how Obama is taking America backward. Via: NYP",0
15034,A Must Watch Video! Brilliant Take On How Hillary Clinton’s Lawlessness Gets Ignored,"Hillary Clinton breaks the law, gets people who work for her killed, lies to the American people and she s still a media darling? How is that possible??? ",0
15035,TRUMP: “We have to get them out” Says He’ll Deport 11 Million Illegal Aliens In 18-24 Months,"Of course he s a  racist  for defending legal American citizens Unlike Obama, Trump s not looking to make friends with illegal aliens. Legal American citizens will reward his dedication to defending our borders with their votes Donald Trump, business mogul and current Republican front-runner, has reiterated his stand on the issue of illegal immigration, saying that he would deport up to 11 million illegals and then build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.Trump has taken plenty of heat from Democrats and his Republican challengers, some of whom tried to get him to back down from his non-politically correct views. The Donald will have none of it.In nearly every recent public appearance, and in the second Republican debates on Sept. 16, Trump noted that the number of illegals is likely much higher than 11 million, and that he would deport the lot of them forthwith.Specifically, Mr. Trump said he could facilitate the mass deportation and rid the U.S. of nearly all illegal immigrants within two years, and possibly as fast as 18 months. Saying  We have to get them out,  and  We are a nation of laws,  Trump employed his typically colorful language when he concluded that he would deport the illegals so quickly,  Your head will spin. Trump s 2-year plan would deport, on average, 15,068.4 illegal immigrants per day in order to reach the 11 million mark successfully.Until now, one of the starting points in most debates about illegal immigration, especially among moderate Republicans and Democrats, has been the notion that there are so many undocumented immigrants in the U.S., it would be impossible to deport them all.Trump proposes a fast deportation plan followed by the building of a massive border wall to keep future illegal crossers from coming over. Further, the candidate s proposal includes a provision whereby those who are deported can apply to re-enter the U.S., but they must follow the formal, legal procedures already in place.The formal entry process is lengthy, involves a significant amount of paperwork, and is intended to keep criminals and unsavory characters (like potential terrorists) out of the country. In fact, most developed nations have more stringent immigration policies than the U.S. does. Mexico, for example, is quite strict about its own southern border, where many Central American immigrants attempt to sneak into the country without proper documentation. Typically those illegal entrants are caught, jailed, and then quickly deported.Trump s views are not lost on African Americans, many of whom responded to a recent SurveyUSA poll about their preferences in the upcoming general election. One-fourth of the respondents said they would choose Trump over Hillary Clinton if that were the matchup in November 2016. In most national elections, blacks vote for the Democrat candidate about nine-to-one over the Republican. Many blacks see illegal immigration as one of the reasons for the exceedingly high unemployment rate in their communities. Via: US World Report",0
15036,The Sad Truth About Liberal Logic In One Meme, The liberal logic of Bernie Sanders fans who would vote for more free stuff that taxpayers have to pay for. ,0
15037,OBAMA’S DOJ: Lois Lerner Won’t Face Charges In Targeting Scandal,"Well this is no surprise but it s still wrong. Targeting conservative Americans or ANY American should be a crime.Lois Lerner will not face criminal charges for targeting conservative and Tea Party groups during her time at the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Justice said Friday.CNN reported that the Justice Department will not bring charges against Lerner, who served as the director of exempt organizations at the IRS, and will close its two-year investigation into the alleged improper targeting.The government agency said in a letter to Congress that investigators found  substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment, and institutional inertia leading to the belief by many tax-exempt applicants that the IRS targeted them based on their political viewpoints.  Read more: WFB",0
15038,HOUSE FREEDOM CAUCUS Pressured By Very Familiar Names To Back Ryan For Speaker,"Congressman Paul Ryan received enough support from the House Freedom Caucus to secure his nomination for Speaker of the House as of Oct. 23, 2015. Congressman Louis Gohmert told One America News that Ryan may have gained some of the support because Senator Jim DeMint, now head of the Heritage Foundation, and former Speaker of the House and Congressman Newt Gingrich pressured Freedom Caucus members to  cave  and endorse Ryan for Speaker. ",0
15039,SHOCKING VIDEOS Prove That Hillary Is Willing To Endanger Lives In U.S. And Abroad To Protect Her Political Ambitions,"Do Americans even remember the worldwide violence and hate inspired by Hillary s announcement that the Benghazi attack was a result of an amateur anti-Islam video? She was willing to throw the entire world under the bus to save her political career Watch video below, as our American flag is being ripped down and replaced by ISIS flag on our U.S. Embassy in Cairo. Note the ISIS flags being carried by protesters of the anti-Islam movie that Hillary told the world was caused the Benghazi attack.Who would hire a woman to lead our country when she was willing to watch the world burn and create violent clashes around the world in order to cover up her ineptness as a Secretary of State?And then there s the condemnation of America by a Washington DC imam that demand the American Embassy in Cairo needed to be attacked because of the anti-Islam film. Of course, his rhetoric was overlooked because the real issue is of course, Americans who are  islamaphobic https://youtu.be/K_QcAfXwOJoThe violent anti US protest that shut down Sydney turning the city streets into a bloody battle field have been condemned by leaders on all levels. Six police officers and 17 others were injured when the demonstrations spiraled into chaos.Here is Hillary being exposed as a liar during the Benghazi hearing that the mainstream media claims she walked away from unscathed:In her most disgraceful act yet, Hillary addresses friends and families of Benghazi victims at their funeral. Watch at the 13:12 mark when Hillary lies about the reason for the murder of these 4 innocent Americans:Here s CNN s Jeffrey Toobin working in concert with shameless Hillary who used her time testifying before Congress to blame Ambassador Christopher Stevens himself for the Benghazi attack:",0
15040,HUNGER GAMES’ Effie Trinket? Clinton Cackles Her Way Through Testimony [Video],"If you ve ever watched the Hunger Games movies you know that Effie Trinket is a psychotic woman who looks at murder as a game. She plays along with the Hunger Games and expects everyone else to just ignore the horror going on around them. She sends the young tributes out to play the game knowing all but one will be murdered.Hillary Clinton is our very own Effie Trinket playing along in a very sick game of politics and murder. Wonder if she s even thinking about the families of the murdered American heroes.Hillary Laughs at GOPer s Benghazi Question, Immediately Scolded:  It s Not Funny ",0
15041,WATCH DONALD DISCUSS OUR MILITARY At FL Rally And See Why He’s Beating Rubio And Bush In Their Home State,"Love him or hate him he s shaking it up and putting the Republican establishment on notice. They re will be no more business as usual if Donald occupies our White House. Trump actually believes he s working for us and not for corporate America or special interest groups, and that s why America is supporting him in a YUGE way!https://youtu.be/sxqNZDl-6EYHere is the latest Real Clear Politics polling data in Florida:",0
15042,CHILLING: How America Looks After 8 Long Years With An Anti-American President,"The shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist stateThis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we, as a nation are today Last year a retired Border Patrol Officer by the name of Zach Taylor went on camera to explain the driving force behind the unprecedented surge in illegal immigration happening on our southern border. Taylor went on to note that what was happening at our border was not due to a spur of the moment event, or  a humanitarian crisis , but asymmetrical warfare. The surge we saw at the border was apart of a larger more chilling event that served one purpose and one purpose only, to show our enemies that our southern border had been compromised and the government wouldn t do a damn thing about it.The border was destroyed because of the actions taken by President Barack Obama under the guise of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) plan. Simply put, DACA rewrote our immigration laws and created the incentive for illegal aliens to break our laws as Obama deliberately undermined our nation s sovereignty by simply creating his own. The culmination of Obama s DACA has resulted in over 790,000 illegal aliens entering the country from the middle of 2013 to May of 2015, for a total of 2.5 million new illegal immigrants since Obama took office in January of 2009.While the threat comes from without, in this case millions of illegal immigrants, it could not have been possible without the enemy already being inside of the United States. As Mr. Taylor states,  If asymmetrical warfare is going to be successful, the first thing that has to be done is to compromise America s defense against invasion because they have to have their personnel inside the United States to affect the infrastructure   our hospitals, our schools, our electric grid, our power supplies, our water supply   basically what we call infrastructure [which] effects the degeneration from inside the United States.  By drawing away the resources that are intended to protect the United States border in order to care for the illegal immigrants, the border is now wide open and our infrastructure is overloaded. Yet, the  crisis on the border  is only a small part of the larger warfare that s being waged against our country at the hands of our own president. Today the Obama juggernaut is systematically bankrupting our country, and undoing the constitutional arrangements our Founders left to us , writes David Horowitz in his book Fight Fire With Fire. The contempt of the Obama party for consultative and representative government is relentlessly on display. Horowitz goes on to give the example of what our enemy represents with the following statement uttered by then Senate Majority leader Harry Reid as he defended his refusal to negotiate with Republicans over Obamacare and the debt crisis. Reid stated in these words:  We are here to support the federal government. That s our job.  End quote. You ll notice that representing the people for whom our Constitution makes sovereign is not included in Reid s statement.Horowitz then writes the following: My years as a radical prepared me to see much of this coming. But even I never thought we would be looking so soon at the prospect of a one-party system and a fascist state. Those words may sound hyperbolic, but take a moment to think about it. If you have transformed the taxing agency of the state into a political weapon   and Obama has; if you are setting up a massive government program to collect and file the financial and health information of every citizen, and also to control their access to care; and if you have a spy agency that can read the mail and listen to the communications of every individual in the country, you don t really need a secret police to destroy political opponents. You already have the means to do it. This is all the more troubling when you look at the sheer amount of data the Obama administration, or shall I say the Obama government, is collecting on each and every individual living in the United States. To effect the degeneration of the country from within the Obama administration has weaponized the IRS, DOJ, and FBI to target Americans who oppose their agenda. Now, the White House has added a key tool in their arsenal by prying into our most personal information at the most local levels, all for the purpose of  racial and economic justice.  On Saturday, Paul Sperry of the New York Post, uncovered the latest Obama plan that is aimed at collecting personal data for a secret race database. Sperry writes,  Unbeknown to most Americans, Obama s racial bean counters are furiously mining data on their health, home loans, credit cards, places of work, neighborhoods, even how their kids are disciplined in school   all to document  inequalities  between minorities and whites.  It may sound conspiratorial but under this government the only conspiracy is that being committed against Americans who are too distracted by today s latest ginned up political crisis.Sperry continues by noting that,  this Orwellian-style stockpile of statistics includes a vast and permanent network of discrimination databases, which Obama already is using to make  disparate impact  cases against: banks that don t make enough prime loans to minorities; schools that suspend too many blacks; cities that don t offer enough Section 8 and other low-income housing for minorities; and employers who turn down African-Americans for jobs due to criminal backgrounds. Big Brother Barack wants the databases operational before he leaves office, and much of the data in them will be posted online.  This means that so called civil-rights attorneys like those working for the ACLU and urban activist groups will be able to exploit them to show patterns of  racial disparities  and  segregation,  even if no other evidence of discrimination exists. Such databases have never before existed. Obama is presiding over the largest consolidation of personal data in US history. He is creating a diversity police state where government race cops and civil-rights lawyers will micromanage demographic outcomes in virtually every aspect of society , concludes Sperry. If you were to add all the databases created under this administration, including the Obamacare database, known as MIDAS, which retains tens of millions of Obamacare enrollees information, you could quiet literally make the claim that the federal government has data on every single American citizen. In the hands of someone like Obama this becomes of grave concern given his willingness to use such information against his opponents. Now that this information will be made public in order to extort communities deemed  too segregated . Whether it be through the withholding of federal funds for a local community showing a pattern of  racial disparity  or lawsuits against a school that disciplines minorities more than whites, it doesn t much matter. The government will be able to force you to act in a way that it deems socially acceptable as Obama drastically changes the racial makeup of America by enshrining an infrastructure that will continue long after he s gone.All the while this is happening below the surface and under the radar from most Americans, we remain and for good reason, distracted by the latest crisis of the day. A Christian owned Oregon bakery is forced by the state to pay a fine for not baking a cake for a lesbian couple, a woman is killed by an illegal immigrant and 7-time convicted felon in San Francisco, four Marines and one Navy Officer are executed by an Islamic jihadist; none of this would be happening but for Obama s actions. He knew that ISIS had put out a hit list specifically targeting our military, and he did nothing. He cheered on the Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage knowing that it would be used in a way to exploit and destroy businesses specifically owned by Christians. He created the  sanctuary city  policy that has served to protect illegal immigrants while they rape, murder, and assault American citizens like Kate Steinle in San Francisco.All of this is happening because of the enemy we have in the White House. The country is being brought to its knees by overt acts such as the jihadist attack that was met with no response, to covert acts such as the Obama race database. Yet, no resistance is met to counter the agenda of the Obama adminstration. Even the capacity of the American people to determine their own national interests are being torn asunder without any fight, without even so much as a whimper from Congress. Without a pushback, the adminstration goes about acting without repercussion held to no degree of accountability. With impeachment and the power of the purse both taken off the table by Congress, America is literally at the whim of Obama as the only checks that exist today on what the president can do is what he personally thinks he can get away with and what his political incentives are.So the adminstration pushes full steam ahead without any concern for the American people themselves. Nowhere is this more apparent, on a foreign policy scale, than with the adminstration s nuclear deal with Iran. As Andrew McCarthy of National Review writes,  At the U.N. today, the Obama administration is colluding with our enemies and other foreign sovereigns to deprive the American people   through their elected representatives   of the power to determine what obligations they will accept under international law. The Obama administration has taken the position that Russia, China, and, yes, Iran, have a vote on our national security, but we do not. And in this betrayal, Congress has, at best, been a witless aider and abettor.  At worst, they ve gone along with the adminstration in committing treason against the United States of America.I believe in the latter.Via: Politically Short",0
15043,WATTERS’ WORLD BENGHAZI EDITION: Voters Get Dumb And Dumber [Video],This video will either make you laugh or make you sad. These people vote!  I like go to CNN I can tell  ,0
15044,THIS Is How Far The Left Will Go To Protect Hillary Clinton…Sick!,"Jeffrey Toobin chimes in to protect Hillary Clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  The reason Mr. Toobin s claim is untrue is that Amb. Stevens asked for more security 600 times! He knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the State Department that failed him by not adding more security!During one of the breaks in Hillary Clinton s testimony on Benghazi, Jeffrey Toobin insinuated that Ambassador Chris Stevens purposely put himself in harm s way.Stevens travelled to Benghazi from Tripoli on September 10, 2012 and planned to stay until September 14, 2012. Stevens only had two Diplomatic Security personnel with him.Committee member Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) said that Stevens had asked Clinton and her State Department multiple times for extra protection. Clinton said that Stevens did not have her personal email account but had the means to call or email any relevant person at the State Department. He had the email and he had the direct line of everybody that he worked with for years. He had been posted with officials in the State Department. They had gone through difficult, challenging, dangerous assignments together. He was in constant contact with people. Yes, he and the people working for him asked for more security. Some of those requests were approved, others were not,  Clinton said.Toobin said to CNN s Wolf Blitzer that Stevens purposely put himself and the security team in dangerous situation. Yes, Mr. Toobin, blaming the victim is in very poor taste: ",0
15045,Uncle of Benghazi Victim Sean Smith: “Hillary Clinton Is a Serial Liar”," Hillary Clinton is a serial liar. Hillary Clinton has a hard time maintaining a consistent level of truth and that was proven today and it s been proven before  I think Hillary Clinton should really think about resigning from ever running for any office at this point. She s incompetent.    Michael Ingmire, Uncle of Benghazi victim Sean Smith ",0
15046,"RELEASED ON BAIL: ILLEGAL ALIEN With Criminal Record Is “No Show” In Court After Beating 2 Yr Old Girl So Severely, She’s Paralyzed And Living In Foster Care","How long before US courts are asked to not bother trying cases where illegal aliens are involved, so as not to give the impression of being unfair When Francisco Javier Chavez posted bail on charges of beating a California toddler within an inch of her life in late July, there was little reason to expect the illegal immigrant, who has spent much of his adult life hopping back and forth across the Mexican border, would return to face justice.Two weeks later, at his scheduled arraignment on Aug. 13, Chavez was a no-show. The 27-year-old career criminal had put up $10,000, or 10 percent of the amount set for his alleged crimes by California s bail schedule. His disappearance is hardly a surprise to critics who believe violent illegal immigrants are, by definition, flight risks who should be denied bail in such serious cases. They say judges, especially in border states plagued by illegal immigrant crime, are naive or worse if they expect suspects who regularly cross in and out of Mexico to take the U.S. justice system seriously. Frankly, judges grant bail in cases like these because they are being foolish,  said Hans A. von Spakovsky, a former Justice Department lawyer now at The Heritage Foundation s Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies.  The judge can consider bail for you when you are charged with a crime, but does not have to let you out on bail. If the state can show you are a flight risk, you should not get bail. If the state can show you are a danger to the public because of a history of violence, you should not get bail. Frankly, judges grant bail in cases like these because they are being foolish. While Chavez is in the wind, his alleged victim, the 2-year-old daughter of his live-in girlfriend, is now in foster care, paralyzed from the beating that also left her with both arms and a femur broken.Well before he was arrested in San Luis Obispo County for attacking the child, Chavez had compiled a lengthy criminal record that includes assault and drug convictions and arrests for violent acts such as kidnapping, car-jacking and cruelty to a child. He was deported in February 2014, but as in previous instances, found it easy to sneak back across the border and into the U.S. Francisco Javier Chavez, (l.), posted bail and has not been seen again after allegedly beating a toddler. Jose Enrique Vasquez, (r.), was accused of killing a child, but could be freed if he posts bail.Weeks after Chavez slipped out of custody, on Sept. 1, another 2-year-old toddler named Jonathan Montez was run down and killed in San Bernardino County. Illegal immigrant Jose Enrique Vasquez, 53, an unlicensed driver who witnesses said was speeding down the child s residential street, fled the scene, according to authorities. He was arrested two weeks later, and, like Chavez, was granted bail.Vasquez also has compiled a lengthy criminal record under various aliases, including charges of spousal abuse, battery of a peace officer, driving without a license, driving under the influence and armed robbery. But other charges in his criminal record might have given a judge pause in considering bail according to critics, including failure to appear in court, possession of false citizenship documents and eight deportations for illegally entering the country.The systems for granting bail in state courts varies from state to state. California s bail system lays out prescribed amounts for various crimes as a guideline for law enforcement and judges, but judges retain discretion to raise the amount in cases where the suspect is a flight risk or a danger to the public and the district attorney can add, drop or change the charges. Two states, Alabama and Missouri, have passed laws that preclude bail for illegal immigrants suspected of serious crimes, while judges in other states   notably Texas   weigh illegal status in making their decisions. But last year, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Arizona s 2006 law banning bail for illegal immigrant suspects violated their right to due process and amounted to punishment before trial. The 11-member panel s decision called the law a  scattered attempt  to deal with the problem of chronic bail-skipping by illegal immigrants. Earlier this year, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to consider the lower court s decision.Judges everywhere maintain discretion to deny bail to anyone they believe is likely to flee justice, yet they often fail to consider illegal status as a factor, said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies for the Center for Immigration Studies. And critics say it should be obvious that someone here illegally and suspected of a violent crime will bolt rather than face justice, especially in border states such as California, where they can be out of the country an hour after posting bail. Aliens who commit acts of violence should not be released on bail, because they are clearly a danger to the public, and when we have someone with this kind of deportation history, clearly they are an obvious flight risk,  said von Spakovsky.  These judges are making mistakes granting bail to illegal aliens   reckless mistakes that endangered the public. The willingness of judges to grant bail to illegal immigrants charged with serious crimes compounds the ongoing controversy involving so-called sanctuary cities. Such jurisdictions, either by local statute or practice, refuse to inform federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents when an illegal immigrant is detained.But even jurisdictions that do not implement sanctuary policies believe that two federal court rulings, the 2013 California  Trust Act,  which limits  cruel and costly immigration hold requests in local jails,  and an ambiguous White House policy all bar them from holding illegal immigrants who have posted bail until federal authorities can collect and deport them   even if ICE asks them to via what is known as a  detainer request. The American Civil Liberties Union has sued jurisdictions that attempted to honor the ICE detainers, and the Department of Justice has not intervened in the cases to underscore its support of them. As a result, local law enforcement agencies say they have no choice but to let even violent illegal immigrant suspects walk once they are granted bail. Via: FOX News",0
15047,TREY GOWDY Scorches Hillary Clinton in His Opening Statement At Benghazi Hearings [Video],"Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairman of the Benghazi Select Committee, delivers an opening statement before former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s testimony. FULL TRANSCRIPT: Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods served our country with courage and with honor. They were killed under circumstances most of us could never imagine. Under cover of darkness, terrorists poured through the front gate of our facility and attacked our people and our property with machine guns, mortars and fire.It is important we remember how these four men died. It is equally important we remember how and why they lived. They were more than four images on a television screen. They were husbands, fathers, sons, brothers, family and friends. They were Americans who believed in service and sacrifice. Many people speak wistfully of a better world, but do little about it. These four men went out and tried to make it better. And it cost them their lives.We know what they gave us. What do we owe them? Justice for those who killed them. We owe their families our everlasting respect and gratitude. We owe them   and each other   the truth.The truth about why we were in Libya.The truth about what we were doing in Libya.The truth about the escalating violence in Libya before we were attacked and these four men lost their lives.The truth about requests for additional security.The truth about requests for more personnel.The truth about requests for more equipment.The truth about where and why our military was positioned as it was on the anniversary of 9-11.The truth about what was happening and being discussed in Washington while our people were under attack.The truth about what led to the attacks.The truth about what our government told the American people after the attacks.Why were there so many requests for more security personnel and equipment, and why were those requests denied in Washington?Why did the State Department compound in Benghazi not even come close to meeting proper security specifications?What policies were we pursuing in Libya that required a physical presence in spite of the escalating violence?Who in Washington was aware of the escalating violence in Libya?What special precautions, if any, were taken on the anniversary of 9-11?What happened in Washington after the first attack and what was the response to that attack?What did the military do or not do?What did our leaders in Washington do or not do and when?Why was the American public given such divergent accounts of what caused these attacks?And why is it so hard to get information from the very government these four men were representing and serving and sacrificing for?Even after an Accountability Review Board and half a dozen congressional investigations, these and other questions still lingered. These questions lingered because those previous investigations were not thorough. These questions lingered because those previous investigations were narrow in scope and either incapable or unwilling to access the facts and evidence necessary to answer all relevant questions.So the House of Representatives, including some Democrats, asked this Committee to write the final, definitive accounting of what happened in Benghazi.This committee is the first committee to review more than fifty thousand pages of documents because we insisted they be produced.This committee is the first committee to demand access to more eyewitnesses, because serious investigations talk to as many eyewitnesses as possible.This committee is the first committee to thoroughly and individually interview scores of other witnesses, many of them for the first time.This committee is the first committee to review thousands of pages of documents from top State Department personnel.This committee is the first committee to demand access to relevant documents from the CIA, the FBI, the Department of Defense, the State Department, and even the White House.This committee is the first committee to demand access to the emails to and from Ambassador Chris Stevens. How could an investigation possibly be considered credible without reviewing the emails of the person most knowledgeable about Libya?This committee is the first committee, the only committee, to uncover the fact that Secretary Clinton exclusively used personal email on her own personal server for official business and kept the public record   including emails about Benghazi and Libya   in her own custody and control for almost two years after she left office. And it was Secretary Clinton s lawyers who determined what would be returned and what would not be returned.You will hear a lot about the Accountability Review Board today. Secretary Clinton mentioned the ARB more than 70 times in her previous testimony before Congress. But when you hear about the ARB you should also know State Department leadership handpicked members of the ARB, the ARB never interviewed Secretary Clinton, the ARB never reviewed her emails and Secretary Clinton s top advisor was allowed to review and suggest changes to the ARB report before the public ever saw it. There is no transcript of ARB interviews, so it is impossible to know whether all relevant questions were asked and answered. And because there is no transcript it is impossible to cite ARB interviews with any particularity at all. That is not independent. That is not accountability. That is not a serious investigation.You will hear there were previous congressional investigations into Benghazi. That is true. It should make you wonder why those previous investigations failed to interview so many witnesses and failed to access so many documents. If those previous congressional investigations really were serious and thorough, how did they miss Ambassador Stevens  emails? If those investigations were serious and thorough, how did they miss Secretary Clinton s emails? If those previous congressional investigations were serious and thorough, why did they fail to interview dozens of key State Department witnesses including agents on the ground, who experienced the terrorist attacks firsthand?Just last month, three years after Benghazi, top aides finally returned documents to the State Department. A month ago, this Committee received 1500 new pages of Secretary Clinton s emails related to Libya and Benghazi. 3 years after the attacks. A little over two weeks ago, this Committee received roughly 1400 pages of Ambassador Stevens  emails. 3 years after the attacks.It is impossible to conduct a serious, fact-centric investigation without access to the documents from the former Secretary of State, the Ambassador who knew more about Libya than anyone else, and testimony from witnesses who survived the attacks.Madame Secretary, I understand some people   frankly in both parties -have suggested this investigation is about you. Let me assure you it is not. And let me assure you why it is not. This work is about something much more important than any single person. It is about four U.S. government workers, including our Ambassador, murdered by terrorists on foreign soil. It is about what happened before, during, and after the attacks that killed these four men. It is about what this country owes those who risk their lives to serve it. It is about the fundamental obligation of our government to tell the truth   always   to the American people. Not a single member of this Committee signed up for an investigation into you or your email system. We signed up because we wanted to honor the service and sacrifice of 4 people sent to a foreign land to represent us   who were killed   and do everything we can to prevent it from happening to others.Our Committee has interviewed half a hundred witnesses, not a single one of them has been named Clinton until today. You were the Secretary of State for this country when our facility was attacked. So, of course this Committee is going to talk to you. You are an important witness, but you are just one important witness, among half a hundred important witnesses.I understand you wanted to come sooner than today so let me be clear why that did not happen. You had an unusual email arrangement with yourself, which meant the State Department could not produce your emails to us.You made exclusive use of personal email and a personal server. When you left the State Department you kept those public records to yourself for almost two years. You and your attorneys decided what to return and what to delete. Those decisions were your decisions, not ours. It was only in March of this year we learned of this email arrangement. Since we learned of your email arrangement we have interviewed dozens of witnesses, only one of whom was about your email arrangement, and that was a very short interview because he invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.Making sure the public record is complete is what serious investigations do. So, it was important to gain access to Ambassador Stevens  emails, the emails of other Sr. leaders and witnesses, and it was important to gain access to your emails. Your emails are no more or less important than anyone else s. It just took longer to get them and garnered more attention in the process.I want you to take note during this hearing how many times congressional Democrats call on this administration to make long awaited documents available. They won t. Take note of how many witnesses congressional Democrats ask us to schedule for interview. They won t. We would be much closer to finishing this investigation and writing a final report if our Democrat colleagues decided to help us pursue the facts. If the Democrats on this committee had their way, dozens of witnesses never would have been interviewed, tens of thousands of documents never would have been reviewed, your public record would still be private, and we would never have accessed the emails of our Ambassador. All of that may be smart politics, but it is not the way to run a serious investigation.There are certain characteristics that make our country unique in the annals of history. We are the greatest experiment in self-governance the world has ever known. And part of that self-governance includes self-scrutiny   even of the highest officials. Our country is strong enough to handle the truth. And our fellow citizens expect us to pursue the truth, wherever the facts take us.So this committee is going to do what we pledged to do, and what should have been done long ago, which is interview the witnesses, examine the relevant evidence, and access the documents. We are going to pursue the truth in a manner worthy of the memory of the four men who lost their lives and worthy of the respect of our fellow citizens.We are going to write that final, definitive accounting of what happened in Benghazi. We would like to do it with your help, but we are going to do it nonetheless. Because understanding what happened in Benghazi goes to the heart of who we are as a country and the promises we make to those we send into harm s way. They deserve the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. The people we work for deserve the truth. The family and friends of those killed representing this country deserve the truth. There is no statute of limitations on that truth.",0
15048,NOT KIDDING! Obama’s Education Department Wants Schools To Celebrate” Undocumented Immigrant Awareness Day”,"Barack Hussein Obama the most anti-American President to ever occupy the White House This isn t an article from The Onion. Obama s Department of Education is proposing that schools spend a week celebrating illegal aliens, including an  undocumented immigrant awareness day.  Can  Celebrate Destruction of America Day  be far behind?The document, which was released on Tuesday, also urges schools to provide welcoming environments for illegal alien students by hosting events such as  Undocumented Week. The guide also provides tips for schools and educators on how to support illegal alien youth who are in high school and college. It also provides information for non-citizens on how to access federal financial aid[.]The guide also urges schools to create welcoming environments for such students.Suggestions for how to support the students including hosting  an undocumented immigrant awareness day. You know, my idea of an  undocumented immigrant awareness day  is being educated what an illegal alien looks like and how to report them to the police. But in Obama s America, it s all about throwing them a big party, complete with a Donald Trump pi ata. Consider partnering with community and stakeholder groups to amplify the event,  the guide suggests.A  stakeholder group ? Are they talking about taxpayers or citizens?Other proposals include:  Publicly demonstrate support for undocumented students   How do you think schools will  demonstrate support  for undocumented students?Student:  Hey, Pedro, I know you re in the country illegally, but we re cool with that. We think all laws should be enforced, except ones that inconvenience you.  and  educate all students about the challenges and strengths of undocumented students, such as by hosting an Undocumented Week. Challenges are easy. Figuring out how to sign up for welfare. Filling out the paperwork to register to vote. Each day, highlight an issue faced by undocumented students or celebrate an accomplishment of the undocumented immigrant community,  it continues.What accomplishments? Living off the American taxpayer? Continuing to resist learning our language? Our nation s public schools should be welcoming, safe, and supportive places where all students, regardless of their zip code or where they were born, are given the opportunity to succeed,  John King, a senior adviser at the Department of Education said in a statement. regardless of what ZIP code they were born in? King is making it sound as though we re discriminating against people born in a different part of Nebraska. These are people from other countries who came here illegally. Why should we be welcoming people who invaded our borders illegally? Via: American Thinker",0
15049,Watch Rep. Jim Jordan Nail Hillary On Her HUGE Lie About Benghazi [VIDEO],"Will anyone on the left even care? If she were in prison, they d still vote for her. Obama in a dress BOOM! Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) just nailed Hillary Clinton on her Benghazi lies! This was devastating.@HillaryClinton LIED. Her secret emails reveal she KNEW #Benghazi was a terror attack from the START! pic.twitter.com/Izf6YxzQi5  Progressives Today (@ProgsToday) October 22, 2015Hillary Clinton told the American people the night of the Benghazi attack that it was a reaction to a Youtube video.At 11:00 that night after she told the public it was a reaction to a YouTube video she wrote her family and told them it was an Al-Qaeda attack.this is 1st time we've heard about HRC emailing FAMILY #Benghazi was attacked by al qaeda-like group, mins after she publicly blamed video  Peter Doocy (@pdoocy) October 22, 2015She knew it was a terror attack from the start.https://youtu.be/AQLQExjD990Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15050,"Hillary Is Asked Why Ambassador Stevens Didn’t Have Her Personal Email If He Was Such A Good Friend, But Political Hit Man Sydney Blumenthal Did [VIDEO]","Of course Hillary manages to turn the question around and make it appear as though the Congressman never asked her a direct question. Her answer to the Congressman was an admonishment asking the question was somehow calling the credibility of the diplomatic security professionals working in the State Department Hillary Clinton is a highly skilled liar who always manage to dodge the actual question and leave you wondering,  How the hell did she just get out of answering that question! Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that she doesn t believe Ambassador Chris Stevens had her personal email, even though Sidney Blumenthal did in testimony before the Benghazi Select Committee on Thursday.Hillary was asked by Representative Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) You got a lot of emails from Sidney Blumenthal, and you say that Mr. Blumenthal was a friend of yours, and he had your personal email address. You say Chris Stevens was a friend of yours. He asked numerous times for extra protection. Now, if I had been Mr. Stevens, and I think anybody out there, anybody watching this, would agree, if I had been Mr. Stevens, and I had had a relationship with you, and I had requested 20 or more times for additional security to protect, not only my life, but the people that were there with me, I would have gotten in touch with you some way. I would have let you know that I was in danger, and the situation had deteriorated to a point I needed you to do something. Did he have your personal email? She answered,  Congressman, I do not believe that he had my personal email. He had the email, and he had the direct line to everybody that he d worked with for years. He had been posted with officials in the State Department. They had gone through difficult, challenging, dangerous assignments together. He was in constant contact with people. ",0
15051,MOTHER OF BENGHAZI VICTIM Rips Into Clueless CNN Anchor [Video],"CNN Anchor Carol Costello acts like she s never heard about the lying that came from Hillary Clinton when Clinton told Patricia Smith that she d get to the bottom of what happened to Mrs. Smith s son in Benghazi. Was Ms. Costello unaware or was she playing dumb? We ll probably never know but the press has been covering for the Obama administration on Benghazi since day one. The cover-up is real and it s happening from the press on up to the White House. The bottom line is that Mrs. Smith is correct and screaming it from the rooftops as any mom would for their child. It s so shameful and sad that once again politics comes before doing the right thing with Obama and Clinton. Both scumbags who left Americans to die in Benghazi  CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello was taken aback when Patricia Smith revealed in conversation that she actually didn t know much about what happened to her son   despite the fact that the Benghazi attack occurred three years ago. Smith responded in kind, claiming that although Clinton promised to  get back to  her following her son s funeral ceremony in Washington, D.C., no one had since contacted her on the matter.  She has not called me. She has not contacted me. She has not given me any information,  she said,  except to tell me that I am not a member of the immediate family and I do not need to know. They told you that?  an obviously surprised Costello asked.As alarming at Smith s claims were, however, she really let her feelings be known when Costello played a clip from Clinton s testimony in January 2013. At the time, Clinton said that it was their job  to figure out what happened and do everything [they could] to prevent it from happening again. Smith s response?  She s lying! She s absolutely lying! The frustrated, bereaved mother of Sean Smith went on to repeat her claim that   despite being the mother of the fallen diplomat   she wasn t told anything after the funeral ceremony because they didn t consider her a member of the immediate family. I saw on TV the bloody fingerprints on the walls over there. I asked specifically,  Are those my son s fingerprints crawling down the walls?  she cried.  Somebody s got to tell me! Clinton previously spoke with Smith during a town hall event in June 2014. Despite the direct address, however, the grieving mother later expressed her frustration with Clinton and demanded the truth.Via: mediate",0
15052,BREAKING: Biden Won’t Run…Is It Because Biden And Obama Can’t Risk Repercussions Of Exposing Hillary? [VIDEO],"This announcement seems to indicate that the Obama regime already knows Hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the Benghazi hearings tomorrow   Fox News host Andrea Tantaros is pretty sure that Vice President Joe Biden announced on Wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the Benghazi scandal.During a discussion about Biden s decision not to enter the Democratic presidential primary on  Outnumbered,  Tantaros said that the timing of Biden s announcement was suspicious. But when you look at the two scandals that we re facing, that all eyes are going to be on tomorrow, Benghazi, and the email scandal   these are administration-wide scandals. All three of them, President Obama, Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton were there that night. This is their scandal as well,  she said.  This email scandal is their scandal as well. There is no way, there is no chance, that Joe Biden, and President Obama, and their national security team did not know that she was using a private server, breaking the law. They are all in on this, and they are circling the wagons. I cannot stress this enough. This goes all the way to the West Wing, both Benghazi, and the email scandal, and you re watching it play out exactly today. The timing is not a coincidence!  Tantaros continued.John Bolton, who served as the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. under President George W. Bush, agreed with Tantaros. This is an administration-wide problem because it wasn t just Hillary Clinton s failure on Sept. 11, 2012, it was the failure of the administration s world view,  Bolton said.  I really think this was careful political planning. I think they knew today was the right day to do it. Watch Joe the Clown s announcement here:Conservatives sometimes cry  distraction  when breaking news interrupts coverage of a scandal that Republicans are obsessing over. In particular, conservatives often try their hardest to link any news back to Benghazi, a favorite Obama administration scandal.Via: TMP",0
15053,GREAT NEWS! House GOP Moderates Threaten “You may see some Main Street mem­bers (RINO’s) re­tire” If We Don’t Get Paul Ryan For Speaker,"It looks like there is more than one good reason to not elect Paul Ryan as the next Speaker Of The House. This is the best news we ve heard all week..The moderate wing of the GOP is concerned that if the House cannot coalesce behind Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) or someone like him as speaker, some of the more pragmatic members of the caucus will retire, the National Journal reported Monday. De pend ing on how this shakes out, you may see some Main Street mem bers re tire,  Sarah Cham ber lain   chief op er at ing and fin an cial of ficer for the Republic an Main Street Part ner ship, which supports moderate GOP lawmakers   told the National Journal.  They re hop ing for a Ry an-type can did ate. But if it s not and it be comes a huge mess, why be sit ting here? Two of the most vocal GOP critics of the conservative hardliners who have been roiling House leadership suggested to National Journal that the thought of retirement was weighing on members  minds, even if they themselves weren t currently considering stepping down. A lot has been put on hold in both ways people de cid ing to run again, or not run again,  Rep. Pete King (R-NY) told National Journal, while saying he personally is not considering retiring  be cause you can t give in. Likewise, Rep. Charlie Dent (R-PA) said he was  pre par ing as if I m run ning for reelec tion right now. But we ll see what hap pens. The next two months are go ing to be pretty intense,  Dent said. via: Talking Points Memo",0
15054,"SHOCKER! CNN’s Jake Tapper Puts Lying Palestinian Propagandist In His Place: “If I Run At A Cop With A Knife, I’m Going To Get Shot” [VIDEO]","He s a little late to the party, but we d like to congratulate Jake Tapper on calling out this PLO Representative s misrepresentation of the truth ",0
15055,MUSLIM INVASION UPDATE: Gang Members In Germany On Trial For Robbing Churches And Schools To Fund ISIS,"Deep down, they just want to assimilate Eight young men have appeared in court in the German city of Cologne after they allegedly stole from churches and schools to fund Islamic State. The group is believed to have plundered  19,000 worth of goods, as well as causing serious property damage.Security was tight around the Cologne Regional Court as the eight men went on trial. The raids are believed to have taken place between 2011 and 2014, with the group stealing collection boxes, crosses and other religious items, worth an estimated  10,000 (US$11,400).They also ransacked schools, taking laptop computers, money and a cash card, which they used to help fund Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL), the chief prosecutor in the case, Nadja Gudermann said, as cited by the Local.The German tabloid Bild also claimed that the IS sympathizers had even targeted an Afroshop, with the total amount stolen by the group reaching around  19,000.Via: RT ",0
15056,"BREAKING: [Video] Obama’s State Dept Miraculously Finds 1,300+ Emails From Ambassador Chris Stevens 2 Days Before Hillary’s Testimony","What a great time for Joe Biden to announce. Hmmm I wonder if Barack had anything to do with the timing of the discovery of these emails? Dirty Chicago politics used against Chicago s hometown girl by their master community organizer  The Obama State Department suddenly discovered and turned over 1,300 pages of emails from former Ambassador Chris Stevens.The emails were delivered just two days before Hillary s testimony before the Benghazi committee.None of the seven previous congressional investigations on Benghazi had access to Ambassador Stevens  emails. And they were just released after more than a year of requests.Via: Gateway PunditThe House Select Committee on Benghazi got a special delivery on Tuesday, two days before its high-profile hearing with former secretary of state Hillary Clinton   1,300 more pages of emails from the State Department.The Republican-led panel took to Twitter to vent about the seemingly late-in-the-game document dump of messages from Christopher Stevens, the ambassador to Libya who died in the Sept. 11, 2012, attacks on the consulate, along with three other Americans.For months, the State Department has been releasing tens of thousands of pages of emails to the committee, but the GOP has consistently complained that the agency has dragged its feet in handing over all the relevant documents. State, for example, only a few weeks ago gave the committee about 900 Libya-related emails from Clinton, which the committee says it asked for at the start of its investigation well over a year ago. Via: Politico",0
15057,MUSLIM CLOCK BOY Who Didn’t Invent Anything Moving To Middle East To Attend Prestigious Program For Innovators,"Who knew the Middle East had a prestigious school for fake inventors who bring fake bombs to school on 9-11? Clock kid  Ahmed Mohamed and his family announced Tuesday in a news release that they will move to Qatar, less than 24 hours after the 14-year-old met with President Barack Obama at the White House. Our family has been overwhelmed by the many offers of support we have received since the unfortunate incident of Ahmed s arrest. From the White House to Sudan, to Mecca, we have been welcomed by a variety of individuals, businesses and educational institutions, which have all provided Ahmed with real encouragement and the ambition to continue to work hard,  the family said in a statement. After careful consideration of all the generous offers received, we would like to announce that we have accepted a kind offer from Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development (QF) for Ahmed to join the prestigious QF Young Innovators Program, which reflects the organization s on-going dedication to empowering young people and fostering a culture of innovation and creativity,  the family continued. This means that we, as a family, will relocate to Qatar where Ahmed will receive a full scholarship for his secondary and undergraduate education,  the family concluded.Mohamed said he was  really impressed with everything that Qatar Foundation has to offer and the campuses are really cool. I got to meet other kids who are also really interested in science and technology,  he said after accepting the scholarship.  I think I will learn a lot and also have lots of fun there.  Via: The Blaze",0
15058,Watch Texas Biker Hit By Car – Was It On Purpose? [Video],"Do you believe the driver who hit the motorcycle guy did it on purpose?The man shown on video swerving his car into a passing motorcycle on a North Texas rural road has been arrested, police said.William Crum has been charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The crash, recorded on another motorcyclist s helmet camera, shows Crum s car veering into a passing motorcycle, throwing two people from the bike and injuring them. Motorcycle driver Eric Sanders said he and his girlfriend were riding on a county road about five miles north of Granbury when he crossed a double-yellow line to pass a driver who had slowed to 40 mph in the 65 mph zone. He said as he began to overtake the car, Crum intentionally swerved and clipped his bike.  Read more: nbcdfw",0
15059,EXPOSED POPULATION CONTROL CAMPAIGN: Influential Billionaire Secretly Donates $21 Million Per Year To Planned Parenthood,"The same guy who donated tens of millions of dollars to Obama s campaign (the first black president) is donation tens of millions to keep the black population in check via Planned Parenthood. How do these evil people sleep at night? Three weeks after I left my job at the clinic, Planned Parenthood took me to court. I am always asked,  Why would they take you to court? Did they have something to hide?  Well, yes. They absolutely had something to hide. They didn t want me sharing the information in this article. Let s expose the truth, shall we?Yes, I do realize that releasing this information puts me in a precarious situation. But it s always better for the truth to be out no matter the cost.It was life changing. I remember the first time we were able to make an appointment with our new funding it was called  The Justice Fund.  After we had given the woman all of the necessary information about her abortion appointment, we asked her if she wanted to apply for a funding program to help pay for her abortion. She of course said yes. We went through her income and expenses and determined she was eligible for funding. We informed her that she would only have to pay $100 of the $400 cost. The woman began to cry on the phone. So I began to cry. Wow. We were going to change so many lives with this money, this  Justice Fund. When we were first told about The Justice Fund, we were told that the money had been given by an anonymous donor. Whoever this person was wanted to be kept totally anonymous. We, as clinic directors, weren t even given the information. The only people who knew were the board members of the National Abortion Federation (NAF). My boss happened to be on the board of NAF, and we were pretty close. Eventually, over some drinks at the annual NAF conference, she spilled the beans.For months, we had just known this person as  the donor.  At the annual Planned Parenthood conference, there was a woman there representing  the donor.  She never said her name to the crowd just said that she was so honored to be among all of us all of us who were protecting women s rights. She said that  the donor  was so proud to work with us. We knew that  the donor  was giving NAF up to $21 million dollars every year to help poor women pay for their abortions.Here s how the program worked. While scheduling a woman for an abortion, we would ask her if she would like financial assistance to help pay for her abortion. Um, of course they did. We would then go through a screening tool given to us by NAF. Pretty much everyone qualified and if they didn t we would rearrange the numbers so they did. Then, we would bill the amount owed to our clinic directly to NAF. They would then send the bill to  the donor  and then  the donor  would send our check to NAF. They would turn around and send the check to our clinic.During the first year of the  Justice Fund,  our abortion numbers grew by 100%. We literally doubled our abortion number. Abortion was much easier to sell when you didn t have the financial burden attached to it.About six months into the program, the rules changed. I guess we were billing too much, too fast. Now,  the donor  would only pay 40% of the cost, instead of 75%. That was fine. The women were still so grateful to have a huge chunk of money taken off of their bill. Now they were paying $240 for their $400 abortion. I remember our  frequent flyers  being angry when we told them that the rules of the program had changed. They wanted that 75% discount! Couldn t we make an exception for them since they had so many abortions at our clinic? Sometimes we would. Sometimes we would bill  the donor  for the entire amount. I mean, he didn t care. They weren t actually looking to see if we were implementing the program correctly. They just got the bill from us and sent the check. They knew we were trustworthy. Ha. Ha.So, my answer to why Planned Parenthood took me to court? Well, I think it was for two reasons.1). They wanted to make an example out of me.  See workers, if you defect from us, you will find yourself in court, too. 2). Because I knew the ins and outs of the plan funded by  the donor and, I knew his name. In 2003, there was a big scandal that broke out surrounding the company Pampered Chef. The majority of people selling this kitchenware were stay-at-home moms. Many of them were pro-life women. So imagine their surprise when they found out that the new owner of their company, Warren Buffett, had given millions to the abortion industry, primarily Planned Parenthood. Suddenly, there was a mass exodus from the company. Women were done selling their overpriced spatulas. You can see more about that story here.So, when Warren Buffett decided that he wanted to start this  Justice Fund  in order to donate $21 million a year to the abortion industry, you better believe that he wanted to remain anonymous. He tried to disguise the donations under the foundation started by him in the name of his wife, Susan Thompson Buffett. But the 990s are for public consumption. Anyone can see where they are spending their money. Here s the most up to date financials for his foundation. Click the year to view the 990 for that year.201120122013I encourage you to take the time to look through these 990s so you can see the organizations that he funds. He gave a boatload of money to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG). It s no wonder they have so diligently fought legislation like banning partial-birth abortions. He gave 2 million dollars to the group called  Catholics for Choice.  Of course, they are not recognized by the Roman Catholic Church and in fact have essentially excommunicated themselves from the Church.Warren Buffett is single-handedly influencing many universities and medical institutions with his money. My advice is this. Read through the list. Find organizations to write letters to. Let them know that you will no longer be a supporter until they stop applying for grants to the Buffett Foundation. Maybe invite your friends over and have a letter-writing get-together. Send stacks of letters to these organizations. Make your voices heard! You may think that your small voice doesn t matter. But if your voice is paired with hundreds of other voices, these organizations will take notice.Paying for low income women to have abortions is all part of Buffett s  population control  campaign. After all, as Planned Parenthood s founder Margaret Sanger said, minorities are  reckless breeders  who should be  eliminated from the human garden.  The population control campaign is inherently racist as is the  pro-choice  position. I wish I had a dollar for every pro-choicer who told me that abortion has to be accessible for poor women as if being poor makes you an unfit mother.It seems that Warren Buffett and his beloved Planned Parenthood are two peas in a pod trying to eliminate the  poor,  one life at a time. Via: Life Site News",0
15060,FULL SPEECH: Trump Rocks South Carolina With A HUGE Rally!,"A record crowd In Anderson, SC last night for  The Donald . 7,900 strong! ",0
15061,Germany’s Merkel And France’s Hollande Get Hammered On Mass Immigration By One Brave Lady! [Video],Marine Le Pen tells off the two leaders who ve accepted refugees at the expense of the sovereignty of their nation. ,0
15062,TREY GOWDY: “Look at the facts”…”Ambassador Stevens’ e-mails will give you chills” [Video],Gowdy hammers it with those who say Benghazi was politically motivated Testimony is Thursday so we ll see  ,0
15063,ARE YOU READY FOR JOE? 91% Of Obama-Biden Bundlers Haven’t Been Fundraising For Scandal-Ridden Hillary,"Bernie, Hillary and Joe a low information voter dream ticket Ninety-one percent of the hundreds of individuals who raised money for the 2012 Obama-Biden reelection campaign are not listed among the ranks of Hillary Clinton s most successful bundlers.According to analysis from USA Today, only 76 of the 833 Obama-Biden bundlers are on Clinton s  Hillblazers  list, which includes individuals who have fundraised at least $100,000 in primary election contributions for the Democratic presidential candidate.The absence of these fundraisers from Clinton s elite list comes as speculation mounts around a possible entry by the vice president in the 2016 White House race. Biden is rumored to be preparing to announce his decision soon, perhaps within the next 48 hours.According to some reports, sources close to Biden are saying that he will jump into the race for the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. I have a very good source close to Joe that tells me VP Biden will run for Prez,  Rep. Brandon Boyle (D., Penn.) wrote on Twitter Monday morning.Many Obama bundlers have contributed the maximum $2,700 to Clinton s campaign, and some claim that they have committed to fundraising for the former secretary of state but haven t yet raised the required $100,000 to become a  Hillblazer. Nevertheless, some bundlers have chosen to wait it out in hopes that Biden might run as Clinton continues to battle controversy surrounding her use of a personal email system at the State Department.Currently, the FBI is investigating Clinton s server, which the inspector general of the intelligence community determined held at least two emails containing top secret information despite Clinton s assurances that she never sent nor received classified material on her personal email.A source in the intelligence community said last week that investigators are examining whether Clinton s email constituted a violation of the Espionage Act that could warrant up to 10 years in jail. Via: WFB",0
15064,"Obama Celebrates Iran Deal As Senior Iranian Officials Say They Will NOT Uphold Their End Of Deal…Ayatollah: “Negotiation with America is Forbidden,”","Ever feel like a headline you re reading is too unbelievable to be true? I wish we could tell you that was the case. Read on Senior Iranian officials continue to lash out against the recent nuclear deal even as the Obama administration begins to implement it, according to a series of statements by the Islamic Republic s leaders.The aggressive rhetoric comes as the Obama administration celebrated on Sunday the implementation of the deal, hailing it as a  milestone  in U.S. diplomatic history. However, Iran has balked.Ayatollah Ali Khamenei took to his Twitter and Facebook pages to post an announcement titled,  Negotiation with America is Forbidden,  according to translations of the documents provided by the Middle East Media Research Institute.Other Iranian officials have demanded that the U.S. completely terminate economic sanctions, rather than suspend them, per the nuclear deal.Some Iranian leaders have stated that President Obama will announce this week the full termination of sanctions, a move that would likely spark anger on Capitol Hill.The White House said on Sunday that it would move forward with sanctions relief, even as Tehran insists it will not uphold its own end of the accord. Today marks an important milestone toward preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and ensuring its nuclear program is exclusively peaceful going forward,  Obama said in a statement issued by the White House. I have directed that the heads of all relevant executive departments and agencies of the United States begin preparations to implement the U.S. commitments in the JCPOA, in accordance with U.S. law, including providing relief from nuclear-related sanctions as detailed in the text of the JCPOA once the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has verified that Iran has completed all of its nuclear steps,  Obama said.Critics of the deal maintain that Iran s continued threats of violence against America and Israel could derail the agreement. Iran also has, in recent days, tested ballistic missiles, which is prohibited under United Nations resolutions and potentially a violation of the accord. For America negotiations with the Islamic Republic of Iran means penetration. This is their definition of negotiation and they want to open the way for imposition,  Khameniei declared on October 16, just two days before the deal went into effect.  Negotiation with America is forbidden, because of its countless detriments and because of alleged advantages of which it has none whatsoever. The institute, among others, has warned that these statements could mean that Iran will not honor the deal, even as the United States waives sanctions and releases more than $150 billion to Iran.It is unclear whether Iran will officially announce its adoption of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the institute said in an analysis of Khamenei s remarks.  It is also not clear whether the U.S. will announce its suspension of sanctions and the E.U. will announce its termination of sanctions, as per the agreement,  the institute said.Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a senior Iranian cleric who is secretary general of Iran s Guardian Council, said that declarations by the U.S. administration do not mean Iran is ready to begin upholding the agreement. There are those who think that approval by the [Iranian Parliament] means approval of the execution of the agreement in Iran. This is not so,  Jannati said on Friday in Tehran.  Approval regarding the nuclear agreement is not [approval of] its execution. The nuclear agreement was discussed in the Supreme National Security Council and council members expressed their opinion about it and gave their approval regarding its execution,  he continued.  But Leader [Khamenei] still has not signed it. Iran continues to insist that sanctions be fully terminated and not reimposed in any manner going forward. The termination of the sanctions must be taken seriously. If they are terminated, it is a sign that the nuclear talks and agreement have yielded results,  Jannati said.  But if the other side breaks its promises and instead of terminating the sanctions [merely] freezes or suspends them, this shows that the nuclear agreement was useless. Nejatollah Ebrahimian, a spokesman for the Guardian Council, said on Saturday that the joint plan  remains a political document, not a legal one  because Iran has not officially approved it.Jannati and other leaders have expressed concern that the U.S. will try to force Iran to end its support to terror groups such as Hezbollah. If we do not stand fast against the other side, then the next day they will say that we must officially recognize Israel, give equal rights to men and women, cancel executions, sever relations with Hizbullah, and so on,  he said.Ali Larijani, the speaker of the Iranian parliament, also said in recent days that Iran has not approved the accord. We have not approved the [joint plan] in the way that the other side has said,  Larijani was quoted as saying by the institute.  We also have not said that it should be executed as is, but rather that the [plan] should be placed in the framework of the steps taken by the Supreme National Security Council. Ultimately, this council s approvals are sent for the approval of the Leader. Via: WFB",0
15065,TRUMP WAS RIGHT! Audit Reveals State Dept. Cybersecurity Deteriorated Under Clinton,"New documents appear to show a pattern of deterioration of security at the State Department under Hillary Clinton. The State Department s compliance with federal cybersecurity standards was below average when Clinton took over but grew worse in each year of her tenure, according to an annual report card compiled by the White House based on audits by agency watchdogs. Network security continued to slip after Kerry replaced Clinton in February 2013, and remains substandard, according to the State Department inspector general.In each year from 2011 to 2014, the State Department s poor cybersecurity was identified by the inspector general as a  significant deficiency  that put the department s information at risk. The latest assessment is due to be published in a few weeks.Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, has been criticized for her use of a private email server for official business while she was secretary of state. The FBI is investigating whether her home server was breached by hackers.Via: Breitbart",0
15066,Wow! Must Watch Video Of Grilling Of Congressmen On Benghazi,Fournier totally hammers these two-great to see! ,0
15067,BERNIE SANDERS Makes A Promise To All Americans That You Really Won’t Believe [Video],This guy is crazy! The last thing Americans needs is higher taxes! ,0
15068,"Watters’ World Does The Dem Debate: “Democrats Are Idiots, And I’m A Democrat” [Video]",This is hysterical and sad at the same time. Watters  World discusses the Democrat debate with Democrats who discuss Hillary s pantsuits deep stuff Here are a few of the comments:  I didn t watch it actually I saw that Lincoln Chafee was in the debate and that just turned me off immediately. I just found it very boring. I had a hard time staying awake. I actually missed Donald Trump. I can t believe it.  ,0
15069,CHRIS WALLACE Has This One Thing To Say About His Donald Trump Interview That’s YUGE! [Video],"Pretty interesting comment from a once skeptical FOX News pundit. Chris Wallace interviewed Donald Trump and then had this to say:Video: Chris Wallace on @realDonaldTrump:  I am beginning to believe he could be elected POTUS  #FNS #TTT16 pic.twitter.com/M4NVeA5LGV  Brent Baker (@BrentHBaker) October 18, 2015  ",0
15070,WE WILL NOT COMPLY! VA Residents Refuse To Obey Leftist Governor’s Ban On Confederate Flag License Plates,"The first shot against PC tyranny in Virginia has been fired!Earlier this year, after racist terrorist Dylann Storm Roof was charged with shooting nine black people in a Charleston, South Carolina, church, the media and Democrats across the nation embarked on a crusade to wipe the Confederate flag from society.One of the crusaders, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, decided to get rid of license plates containing the Confederate flag altogether and informed those with such license plates that they had until October to hand the license plates over to the Department of Motor Vehicles.Those found driving with the plates will be charged with a misdemeanor.On Friday, local station WAVY reported that the vast majority of citizens with such license plates have refused to comply with the government s flag-recall notice. The DMV stated that just 187 Virginians had returned their license plates out of 1,600 who had received a recall notice.One of those who has refused to heed the call is Kevin Collier, commander of the Stonewall Camp of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, whose great-great-great-grandfather fought with the Confederacy.  Next thing you know, they re going to say you can t wear blue on Monday  or you can t wear yellow on Thursday,  he told WAVY.  Where s it going to end? The answer: It isn t. In forwarding the regulation, McAuliffe said the Confederate flag was  unnecessarily divisive and hurtful.  He added,  Even its display on state-issued license tags is, in my view, unnecessarily divisive and hurtful to too many of our people.  Apparently, McAuliffe missed the fact that the victims in Charleston did not suffer from hurt feelings thanks to license plates, but from murder at the hands of a racist renegade criminal. But government s job is now to protect feelings rather than lives. Via: Breitbart News",0
15071,BOOM! WATCH Kids Learn Tough Lesson About Redistribution Of Wealth In This Great Halloween Video,Kids should be learning the benefits of capitalism in school. It s the reason America is both the most generous and prosperous nation on earth ,0
15072,[VIDEO] Hillary Channels Southern Drawl While Addressing Black Democrats In Alabama…Plus Throwback Video Bonus: Hillary’s Accent Evolution,"Hillary, the first female, black, flat-broke southern President Of course, its not the first time Mrs. Bill Clinton channeled her husband s southern roots. Here s a great montage of Hillary s accent flip-flops:And this viral video showing Hillary s ridiculous attempt at playing to a black crowd in the South:",0
15073,TERROR AND DEATH THREATS CAUSE Carson And Trump To FINALLY Get Secret Service Protection…Hillary Gets Upgrade,"Barack Obama already had secret service detail by this point in his campaign and didn t have any credible threats to substantiate it. It almost makes you wonder if Obama has a hand in keeping these Republican candidates unprotected almost.The Secret Service will give agent protection to Ben Carson and Donald Trump while heavily upgrading Hillary Clinton s existing detail, a Washington source close to the agency s plans confirmed to Newsmax.The deployment of agents around Republican candidates Trump and Carson is set to begin as early as next week. Approximately two dozen agents will be assigned to each candidate.Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, has had Secret Service protection since leaving the White House as first lady in 2001, but her detail will be heavily upgraded by the agency s move.The agency s decision was primarily triggered by a significant number of threats to Carson, including death threats and terrorist chatter, the source said.The threats to the retired pediatric neurosurgeon have been  off the charts,  the source said. Polls show Carson either tied with Trump for front-runner status or in second place.Armstrong Williams, Carson s business manager, told Newsmax he could neither  confirm nor deny  the Secret Service protection.  We don t comment on security matters involving Dr. Carson,  he said.But Newsmax has learned that the Secret Service and other federal agencies, including the FBI, became increasingly alarmed in recent weeks as their own monitoring activities indicated that Carson faced serious danger.Carson caused a political brouhaha in September when he told Chuck Todd on NBC s  Meet the Press  that a Muslim should not become president. I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation. I absolutely would not agree with that,  Carson said. He later clarified his remarks, saying any Muslim who believed in Sharia law should be disqualified from serving in the Oval Office.The source said there was evidence that home-grown terrorists might be targeting a major political candidate like Carson. The Secret Service approached the Carson campaign to offer federal protection.Both Carson and his campaign strongly resisted the Secret Service s request at first, the source said.But then Carson reluctantly agreed to the deployment of agents after the agency warned of grave danger and shared certain intelligence. It is widely believed ISIS would like to strike a major political target in the U.S.,  the source said. The FBI has not offered such an assessment publicly.But earlier this week, FBI Director James Comey told reporters in the Cincinnati area that the bureau s efforts to monitor ISIS activities continue  24 hours  a day.He added that the Islamic State group is encouraging potential U.S.-based supporters to either come to Syria  or if you can t come, kill where you are. Unlike Carson, Republican front-runner Trump has officially requested Secret Service protection.The billionaire noted that he has drawn  by far the biggest crowds  of any candidate at his events. He also said that President Barack Obama had received protection at this stage of his first campaign in 2008. I want to put them on notice because they should have a liability,  Trump told The Hill.  Personally, I think if Obama were doing as well as me he would ve had Secret Service [earlier]. Obama, who was an Illinois senator during the 2008 contest, received Secret Service protection on May 3, 2007, with law enforcement officials saying that the protection was not approved because of any specific threats.In July, shortly after Trump criticized the Mexican government for the escape of drug lord Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman from a maximum-security prison, a Twitter account linked to Guzman issued a threat against the billionaire:  Keep f king around and I m gonna make you swallow your whore words you f king whitey milks tter. Earlier this month Telesur, a Latin American television network based in Venezuela, reported uncorroborated claims that El Chapo has placed a $100 million bounty on Trump to encourage his assassination.Eric Trump, one of the candidate s three sons, also expressed concerns about his father s safety on the campaign trail. Trump has five children. My father s my best friend,  Eric Trump told Fox News on Friday.  He s my idol. He s my boss. We work side by side. We spend every weekend together,  he added.  He s really my best friend in the world. The younger Trump estimated that as many as 30,000 or more people have been attending Trump rallies. Via: Newsmax ",0
15074,40 Years Ago Ronald Reagan Warned Us About Obama In This Speech [Video], I d like to suggest that there is no such thing as the left or right. There s only an up or down.  ,0
15075,Unreal! Minnesota Governor Tells Constituents To Leave The State If They Don’t Like The Massive Influx Of Muslims [Video],"GOVERNOR TELLS CITIZENS TO LEAVE STATE:Who the heck voted this guy in as governor? His constituents should be his first priority! If you haven t heard, Minnesota s Muslims have been a problem from the beginning. Here s a video to fill you in on just how much they don t want to assimilate. Sharia for everyone: Governor Mark Dayton took advantage of a St. Cloud NAACP Community Conversation to express his feelings toward constituents who would rather live in Minnesota than in New Somalia: Look around you. This is Minnesota,  Dayton said.  Minnesota is not like it was 30, 50 years ago.   This is Minnesota and you have every right to be here. And anybody who cannot accept your right to be here, and this is Minnesota, should find another state. Minnesota isn t what it was like 5 years ago. The government is displacing the population with unskilled Muslims from Africa at a blitzkrieg pace.Apparently some Minnesotans who have to pick up the tab for the welfare colonists don t appreciate having their state given away to the modern equivalent of a conquering army. Dayton s message to them is clear: If you are that intolerant, if you are that much of a racist or a bigot, then find another state. Find a state where the minority population is 1 percent or whatever. It s not that in Minnesota. It s not going to be again.  Governor Dayton: In the past, most people would fight to the death to prevent their society from being invaded and destroyed by a hostile and utterly alien foreign culture. But liberals are sure that if they just brandish the word  racist,  citizens will meekly cringe and cower.Unsurprisingly, the Hamas-affiliated Islamic advocacy group CAIR was present:CAIR Minnesota Executive Director Jaylani Hussein, who had previously addressed the crowd on his concerns on racial tension said his organization is not affiliated with terrorist groups.This of course is a brazen lie. But it hardly matters. Thanks to the participation of our treasonous ruling class, hijrah has become a more effective form of jihad than terrorism.It could not be more obvious that our liberal rulers are as hostile as they are arrogant toward the people they supposedly represent. They are deliberately destroying our society through the massive importation of largely unassimilable and government-dependent immigrants from the Third World.They do not expect us to like it. They just expect us to bite the pillow and take it. The price for doing so instead of rising up against these quislings will be the highest a society could possibly pay: the future.Via: moonbattery",0
15076,MITT ROMNEY TELLS TRUMP How Republicans Win Elections,"In case anyone missed it, Romney had the 2012 election handed to him on a sliver platter. Explaining how Trump should win in an interview with one of Obama s closest allies is beyond ridiculous Mitt Romney, the failed 2012 Republican presidential nominee who, alongside running mate Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI), lost the election to President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden, is lecturing 2016 GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on how a Republican can win the White House. I think Donald Trump has said a number of things which are hurtful, and he has said they were childish in some respects, and I think will be potentially problematic either in a primary or in a general election if he were to become the nominee,  Romney said in a rare interview granted to former Obama strategist David Axelrod, according to The Hill newspaper.Romney added that he thinks Trump will  have some challenges if he proceeds to the next stage  and that he thinks  to a degree  Trump s comments and style  do  hurt the GOP as a whole.While Romney previously predicted that Trump won t win the nomination, his change of tone in this Axelrod interview seems to indicate he s now entertaining the possibility of a nominee Donald Trump. Earlier this week, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker a now former 2016 GOP presidential candidate who dropped out of the race, and bashed Trump on his way out noted that he believes Trump has a shot at winning the nomination now. Trump continues to absolutely dominate GOP presidential primary polling, in some cases doubling up second place candidates.Romney lost the election in 2012 after winning the nomination against a fairly weak GOP primary field. He also lost in 2008, failing to win the nomination against Sen. John McCain (R-AZ). Like Romney would four years later, McCain lost the 2008 presidential election to Obama. Even though Romney has lost every presidential election in which he s ever competed, some Republicans still gravitate to him and his inner circle for political advice.Earlier this cycle, Romney met with several candidates, including former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) the two leading establishment candidates vying for the nomination in New Hampshire. In the interview with Axelrod, Romney spoke very highly of both Rubio and Bush. Via: Breitbart News",0
15077,PRISON PORK BAN: We Have Great News For Prisoners But Bad News For Pigs,"Just start asking questions and the Obama administration reverses course very interesting. The  validity of the claim  that prisoners don t like pork was called into question by Sen. Chuck Grassley and then the quick reversal on the prison pork ban. The Obama administration wouldn t be lying? Haha! Hummm The Obama administration did a rapid U-turn on its decision to remove pork products from federal prisons after a few questions from Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley.The federal Bureau of Prisons  reversal of the Oct. 1 menu change comes just one week after its spokesman, Edmond Ross, said pork was the  lowest-rated  food among inmates. To corroborate the validity of the claim that prisoners indicated a lack of interest in pork products, I am requesting copies of the prisoner surveys and responses that were used to support the determination to no longer serve pork in federal prisons,  the Republican senator wrote to the agency on Thursday, the Washington Post reported.  Please provide any economic evaluations the Bureau of Prisons has relied on that detail the cost of pork as compared to beef, chicken, and non-meat products such as tofu and soy products. Pig products were back on the menu within hours of the letter s publication.Grassley also happens to be the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which oversees the federal prison system.Read more: WND",0
15078,Democrat Spills The Beans On Why Hispanics Love Obamacare So Much [Video],"Was Obamacare engineered to buy the votes of Hispanics? A possible Vice Presidential candidate for Hillary Clinton lets the cat out of the bag.HUD Secretary Julian Castro says  Hispanics have been among the biggest beneficiaries of the Affordable Care Act  and the reason that Clinton has  strong  support in the Hispanic community is because she has a  long track record of supporting the issues that Hispanics  care about. Appearing on MSNBC s  Andrea Mitchell Reports  Thursday, Castro told guest host Peter Alexander that despite the fact Marco Rubio is running for president for the Republicans  the challenge that the Republicans have is not really about personality. They have the personality, they have the folks that will go out there and say a few words in Spanish. Their problem is the policy and that s a very big problem for them in this cycle.  Read more: Daily Caller ",0
15079,WHY REUTERS IS SAYING With “reasonable confidence” A Republican Will Win The White House In 2016,"After examining the data Reuters used to make their bold prediction, we noticed they hadn t given any consideration to the high probability that Democrats will likely find a way to give illegal aliens the opportunity to cast their ballots in 2016. Illegal alien voters aside, here is Reuters interesting (and somewhat hopeful) study Elections are not mysterious events subject to the whimsy of unpredictable candidates and voters. They re actually highly predictable, with a set of variables that influence outcomes in familiar ways.Because of that, we can say, with reasonable confidence, that a Republican will be moving into the White House in 2017.That conclusion is based on the results of a data model we created, and is primarily the result of two factors, both related to the challenges faced by  successor  candidates   candidates from the same party as the incumbent. First, a Republican will win because voters typically shy away from the party currently in power when an incumbent isn t running. In fact, a successor candidate is three times less likely to win. Second, President Barack Obama s approval ratings are too low to suggest a successor candidate will take the White House.Why are we so confident, especially when opinion poll data now gives Hillary Clinton the edge over most Republican opponents? The simple answer is that we re relying on models, not polls.At this point in the election cycle, poll data asking the  horserace  question ( Who will you vote for in November 2016? ) can be very misleading. This far from Election Day, published poll data is off by an average of 8 percentage points compared with the true election outcome. That s an enormous number when we re used to elections where candidates win by two to three points.Time Before Election Average error of polls (compared to final results)One week 1.7%One month 2.7%Two months 3.8%Three months 4.8%Six months 5.8%Nine months 6.9%Twelve months 7.9%Source: Ipsos analysis of 300 polls across 40 markets from 1980 through currentModeling results is a simple concept: look at past data, identify patterns, and use those patterns to make predictions. So we begin by aggregating data from past U.S. presidential elections, but are immediately hampered by the fact that there aren t very many elections to work from   25 if we go back 100 years.So we created a much larger database of elections by looking beyond the United States to hundreds of presidential and parliamentary elections in democratic countries around the world. This exercise gave us far more data to work with: a sample size of more than 450 elections from 35 countries.The most important finding from our model is the power of incumbency: if you already hold the office you seek, you are far more likely than not to retain it. Our model showed that incumbents have a threefold greater chance of beating their opponent. When no incumbent is running, successor candidates (in this case, Democrats) are three times less likely to win.Our model proves the power of presidential approval ratings. It determines that in order for a successor candidate to have better than even chances of winning, the sitting president must have an approval rating of above 55 percent. Because Barack Obama s average approval rating is now at 45 percent, a successor candidate (i.e. Democrat) is unlikely to win.President (Govt) approval rating INCUMBENT probability of victorySUCCESSOR probability of victory40% 55%6%45% 78%14%50% 90%28%55% 96%49%60% 98%71%Source: Ipsos analysis of over 450 elections since 1938Our model works on the basis of probabilities, and is focused at the party level rather than the candidate level. It seeks only to predict the likelihood of a change to the party in power. It has an 85 percent predictive ability, so it s right most   but not all   of the time. Things that could confound the model include rapid changes to Obama s approval rating, or unusually high or low turnout (which can be driven by  wild card  candidates or other factors).In the coming months, Obama s approval ratings may tick up. But they would have to pass the 55 point mark to give the Democrats even odds of keeping the White House. This is extremely unlikely, given the fact that presidential approval typically declines over time, and Obama s ratings are no exception.Some will argue that Hillary Clinton is special; that her chances are significantly better because, given her popularity and status as a  legacy  candidate, she seems more like an incumbent. But if we go along with that hypothesis and run it through our model, at Obama s current approval ratings, Clinton s chances of winning the general election are still less than half.The Democrats have quite a mountain to summit to retain power past 2016.Via: Reuters",0
15080,FBI SAYS DEM PRESIDENTIAL FRONTRUNNER HILLARY Could Face 10 Years In Prison…FBI Furious As Obama Interferes With Investigation,"The corrupt covering for the corrupt. Chicago politics at its best Hillary Clinton could be prosecuted in federal court for failing to tell President Barack Obama about her private email server at the time she was running it, according to a veteran FBI agent. Obama said flatly during a  60 Minutes  interview on Sunday that  No,  he did not know Clinton sidestepped security protocols with her a home-brew email setup while she was his secretary of state.The FBI agent who spoke with DailyMail.com has had a 20-year career in federal law enforcement and serves in a supervisory capacity in a domestic FBI field office.He said on Friday that failing to put Obama in the loop could be enough to send her to prison for ten years. Via:Daily MailEver since he opined that the police had  acted stupidly  prior to the infamous and embarrassing  beer summit , Obama has shown himself eager to interfere with ongoing investigations for political reasons. When thuglet Trayvon Martin provided an good example of why jumping and beating down a stranger is a bad evolutionary strategy, Obama jumped on the race-baiting bandwagon saying if he had a son, that son would look like Martin. When the Justice Department was looking into the illegal use of the IRS to harass opponents of the administration, Obama said  there is not even a smidgen of corruption.  When deserter and failed turncoat Bowe Bergdahl was released by the Taliban, Obama had his hippie parents over for a Rose Garden ceremony even though he was known at the time to be a deserter. Now Obama has interjected himself into the investigation into the fate of top secret documents illegally stored on Hillary Clinton s private server. From his 60 Minutes interview with Steve Kroft on October 11:Steve Kroft: Do you think it posed a national security problem?President Barack Obama: I don t think it posed a national security problem. I think that it was a mistake that she has acknowledged and  you know, as a general proposition, when we re in these offices, we have to be more sensitive and stay as far away from the line as possible when it comes to how we handle information, how we handle our own personal data. And, you know, she made a mistake. She has acknowledged it. I do think that the way it s been ginned-up is in part because of  in part  because of politics. And I think she d be the first to acknowledge that maybe she could have handled the original decision better and the disclosures more quickly. But Steve Kroft: What was your reaction when you found out about it?President Barack Obama: This is one of those issues that I think is legitimate, but the fact that for the last three months this is all that s been spoken about is an indication that we re in presidential political season.Steve Kroft: Do you agree with what President Clinton has said and Secretary Clinton has said, that this is not  not that big a deal. Do you agree with that?President Barack Obama: Well, I m not going to comment on Steve Kroft: You think it s not that big a deal President Barack Obama: What I think is that it is important for her to answer these questions to the satisfaction of the American public. And they can make their own judgment. I can tell you that this is not a situation in which America s national security was endangered.Steve Kroft: This administration has prosecuted people for having classified material on their private computers.President Barack Obama: Well, I  there s no doubt that there had been breaches, and these are all a matter of degree. We don t get an impression that here there was purposely efforts  on  in  to hide something or to squirrel away information. But again, I m gonna leave it to This can only be seen as an attempt by Obama to tell the federal prosecutors who will ultimately decide what, if any, charges should be made in this case that there is nothing to see here:Those statements angered F.B.I. agents who have been working for months to determine whether Ms. Clinton s email setup had in fact put any of the nation s secrets at risk, according to current and former law enforcement officials.Investigators have not reached any conclusions about whether the information on the server had been compromised or whether to recommend charges, according to the law enforcement officials. But to investigators, it sounded as if Mr. Obama had already decided the answers to their questions and cleared anyone involved of wrongdoing.The White House quickly backed off the president s remarks and said Mr. Obama was not trying to influence the investigation. But his comments spread quickly, raising the ire of officials who saw an instance of the president trying to influence the outcome of a continuing investigation   and not for the first time.A spokesman for the F.B.I. declined to comment. But Ron Hosko, a former senior F.B.I. official who retired in 2014 and is now the president of the Law Enforcement Legal Defense Fund, said it was inappropriate for the president to  suggest what side of the investigation he is on  when the F.B.I. is still investigating. Injecting politics into what is supposed to be a fact-finding inquiry leaves a foul taste in the F.B.I. s mouth and makes them fear that no matter what they find, the Justice Department will take the president s signal and not bring a case,  said Mr. Hosko, who maintains close contact with current agents.Several current and former law enforcement officials, including those close to the investigation, expressed similar sentiments in separate interviews over several days. Most, however, did so only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the case.Contrary to what Hillary s campaign is saying, we now have it on pretty good authority that the FBI is conducting an investigation under the part of the Espionage Act that pertains to gross negligence in the handling of Defense information. That information, at a minimum, is the two Top Secret Keyhole satellite derived documents discovered by the Intelligence Community IG though it could be any of the over 400 emails containing classified information that have been uncovered so far.(f) Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer  Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both. Via: Red State",0
15081,THE TALLY IS IN: Total Number Of Lies Told By Queen Of The Clinton Crime Syndicate During Debate,"Thanks to Ben Shapiro of Breitbart News, we now know the answer to that question:Tuesday night s debate featured a master class on lying from the lying liar who lies about her lies, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.She spoke for approximately 24 minutes, and aside from her opening statement    I m Hillary Clinton    virtually every word that exited her mouth was untrue. But because Hillary appeared to be lady with mild socialist depression in a full-blown socialist insane asylum, nobody laid a glove on her.Thus it is left to us to debunk her various obfuscations and untruths. Here we go. I have spent a very long time   my entire adult life   looking for ways to find the ways for each child to live up to his or her God-given potential.  Well, unless you re an unborn child. Then, get ready for a trip down the sink. Yes, finally, fathers will be able to say to their daughters, you, too, can grow up to be president.  Technically, you ll have to marry a president first, however. Actually, I have been very consistent.  Anderson Cooper asked Hillary about her shifting positions on issues ranging from the Iraq war to same-sex marriage to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. She then dropped that whopper. Hillary has been one of the least consistent major party candidates in American history. She then dropped a series of lies about her own positional changes. And then she finally concluded that she had a  range of views, but they are rooted in my values and my experience.  Those values are  becoming president  and her experience is  reading the polls. I did say, when I was secretary of state, three years ago, that I hoped it would be the gold standard. It was just finally negotiated last week, and in looking at it, it didn t meet my standards.  This is plainly untrue. Here s what she said in 2012 about the TPP:  This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field.  She didn t hope it would be the gold standard. It was the gold standard. Naturally, PolitiFact labeled this statement  half-true.  That means it s a huge, glaring lie. I m a progressive. But I m a progressive who likes to get things done how to find common ground, and I have proved that in every position that I ve had, even dealing with Republicans who never had a good word to say about me, honestly.  Nope. As Senator from New York, Hillary accomplished virtually nothing. Her name was attached to exactly zero legislation. Her only major impact on policy came in the form of Hillarycare, which drove Republicans to massive electoral victory in 1994. When I think about capitalism, I think about all the small businesses that were started  The media drooled over the exchange between Hillary and Bernie over capitalism. But there is no distinction between the economic philosophy of Sen. Bernie Sanders and that of Hillary Clinton. She said she wanted to use government to force companies to  share profits with the workers    a line straight from the Marxist playbook. She said she wanted the wealthy to  pay their fair share    which meant everything. She said she wanted paid family leave, universal college tuition availability, and a bevy of other free goodies. It was pretty straightforward to me that [Sanders] was going to give immunity to the only industry in America. Everybody else has to be accountable, but not the gun manufacturers.  There is no special immunity for gun manufacturers. The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act of 2005 was designed to prevent ultra-leftist jurisdictions from twisting tort law to make gun manufacturers liable for  public nuisance  in the way that manufacturers are liable for their pollution. The law does not stop lawsuits against manufacturers or dealers from being sued if they knowingly sell a product to a criminal. They can still be sued for design flaws, or negligence. Well first of all, we got a lot of business done with the Russians when Medvedev was the president, and not Putin .There s no doubt that when Putin came back in and said he was going to be President, that did change the relationship.  Nonsense. Putin was always the leader of Russia, even when Medvedev was his puppet. Hillary knew Putin ran the country when Medvedev was president; Medvedev, for example, was president when Russia invaded Georgia in 2008. Hillary handed the Russians a reset button anyway. Hillary also advocated for taking on Bashar Assad   the same man she once called a  reformer. I think while you re talking about the tough decision that President Obama had to make about Osama bin Laden, where I was one of his few advisers, or putting together that coalition to impose sanctions on Iran  Glomming onto the kill of Osama Bin Laden in order to explain her vote for the Iraq war was simply nonsensical. But the idea that she  put together the coalition to impose sanctions on Iran  is simply untrue. International sanctions against Iran have been on the books for decades. And Hillary was integrally involved in negotiating the end of those sanctions, as well as letting Iran enrich uranium. We had a murderous dictator, Gadhafi, who had American blood on his hands, as I m sure you remember, threatening to massacre large numbers of the Libyan people  Our response, which I think was smart power at its best, is that the United States will not lead this.  Hillary reportedly manufactured the Libyan genocide story out of wholecloth, and overrode US intelligence in order to push that narrative. If Libya was  smart power at its best,  it would be incredible to find out what  smart power at its worst  would be (well, other than Syria, Ukraine, Iran ). Libya became a haven for terrorists because we deposed a dictator who posed no threat to us. The notion that Iraq was a disaster area of American foreign policy but Libya is a great success story is patently insane. Hillary s lies about Libya didn t end there. I ll get to that.  Hillary said this with regard to Benghazi. She never did, of course. Her response mirrored her response in Benghazi, by the way:  I ll get back to that,  she said to our Libyan staff, then proceeded to do nothing. I think it has to be continued threat from the spread of nuclear weapons, nuclear material that can fall into the wrong hands. I know the terrorists are constantly seeking it, and that s why we have to stay vigilant, but also united around the world to prevent that.  Hillary said the spread of nuclear weapons represented the chief threat to the United States. She also negotiated the Iran nuclear deal. The statement that people around the world are united to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons is a plain lie, given the acceptance of the Iran deal, which makes Iranian nuclear development inevitable. Well, I ve taken responsibility for it. I did say it was a mistake. What I did was allowed by the State Department, but it wasn t the best choice. And I have been as transparent as I know to be, turning over 55,000 pages of my e-mails, asking that they be made public. And you re right. I am going to be testifying. I ve been asking to testify for some time and to do it in public, which was not originally agreed to.  Lies, lies, and more lies. She did not take responsibility for her email scandal any more than she took responsibility for Benghazi: she said she  took responsibility  but never admitted to having done anything wrong. Her email scheme was not allowed by federal law, but she was the head of the State Department and thus waived rules for herself. She may have been as transparent as she knows how to be, but that transparency involved setting up a private server, loading it with classified information, and then deleting some 30,000 emails. She only asked to testify after Congress demanded she testify. Fortunately, none of this mattered, since Bernie Sanders intervened to hand her his testicles in a jar by saying nobody cared about her emails. This inequality challenge we face, we have faced it at other points. It s absolutely right. It hasn t been this bad since the 1920s. But if you look at the Republicans versus the Democrats when it comes to economic policy, there is no comparison. The economy does better when you have a Democrat in the White House and that s why we need to have a Democrat in the White House in January 2017.  If Democrats are so great at economics, why is inequality as bad as it has been in a century? And saying that Democratic presidents preside over good economies seems to neglect the fact that Bill Clinton, for example, presided over a Republican Congress. We have to deal with the problem that the banks are still too big to fail. We can never let the American taxpayer and middle class families ever have to bail out the kind of speculative behavior that we saw.  In this debate, Hillary Clinton also backed Dodd-Frank, which legally enshrines too big to fail. Bailouts are now mandated by federal law, thanks to Hillary Clinton and Democrats. And Democratic policy loves bailouts   they are huge fans of crony capitalism, endless bailouts through stimulus packages and taxpayer giveaways. I think that it was necessary to make sure that we were able after 9/11 to put in place the security that we needed. And it is true that it did require that there be a process. What happened, however, is that the Bush administration began to chip away at that process. And I began to speak out about their use of warrantless surveillance and the other behavior that they engaged in.  Hillary Clinton voted to reauthorize the Patriot Act in 2006. And Hillary s supposed leadership against Bush-era abuses of the Patriot Act didn t stop President Obama from expanding the use of surveillance far beyond what Bush ever did. Well, I can t think of anything more of an outsider than electing the first woman president, but I m not just running because I would be the first woman president .Well, I would not ask anyone to vote for me based on my last name.  False and false. California has had a paid leave program for a number of years .And it has not had the ill effects that the Republicans are always saying it will have.  California uses employee payroll taxes to finance paid family leave. That means all the costs of the program are hidden, rather than explicit. Businesses leave California and employment declines because of its high tax rates. Businesses hire fewer women if forced to pay higher taxes in order to do so. They don t mind having big government to interfere with a woman s right to choose and to try to take down Planned Parenthood. They re fine with big government when it comes to that. I m sick of it.  Republicans want to defund Planned Parenthood. That s not big government. That s small government. Further, it s not  big government  to protect human life through force of law any more than it is  big government  to have murder laws on the books. I know we can afford it, because we re going to make the wealthy pay for it. That is the way to get it done.  This myth, repeated ad nauseum by Democrats, is truly reprehensible. Rich people cannot pay for all the utopian programs proposed by the left. As John Stossel points out,  If the IRS grabbed 100 percent of income over $1 million, the take would be just $616 billion.  Both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton worshipped at the altar of Denmark last night, but Denmark has lower corporate tax rates than the United States, and far higher taxes on the middle class. You pay a 200 percent tax on cars in Denmark   everyone. Socialism isn t built on the backs of the rich. It s built on the backs of everyone who earns, and that includes the middle class. Well, in addition to the NRA, the health insurance companies, the drug companies, the Iranians.  The Iranians are not Hillary s enemies. They love her.For entire list of lies, go to Breitbart NewsHillary s a liar. But Democrats don t care, because liars prosper in a world where hard work and honesty are punished in the name of equality and the Great Socialist Utopia.",0
15082,DISNEY Introduces New Marvel Comic Books: Captain America (Captain Socialist) Beats Up Conservative Terrorists Defending U.S. Borders And More [VIDEO],"Indoctrination by Disney pretty much covers every demographic: toddlers with sippy cups watching the Disney channel and Disney movies, teens reading Marvel comic books, young women watching an abortion being performed on ABC s Scandal while  Silent Night  plays in the background, and full grown men kicking back with a beer watching sports on ESPN.Watch this unbelievable summarization of Disney s new Marvel comic book:h/t Weasel Zippers",0
15083,OBAMA’S NEW PEP PROGRAM Could Force Early Release Of Illegal Alien In Jail For Filming Woman In Walmart Bathroom,"So many good people coming across our border all just looking for a better life Thanks Obama!An illegal alien from Mexico pleaded guilty on Wednesday to charges of secretly filming a woman in a Walmart bathroom and he might soon be released into the U.S., according to the local sheriff.He was sentenced to 270 days in jail and could be released as early as next month. Border Patrol currently has an immigration hold placed on the Mexican national.Jose Santos Argueta was arrested on Valentine s Day after a Hispanic woman noticed a cell phone on the floor under her public bathroom stall, according to San Angelo Live. She realized she was being filmed and contacted store security and the San Angelo Police Department. Argueta gave permission for police to go through his phone and the video was found.He has been in jail since being arrested, and the 243 days he spent behind bars will be credited towards his 270-day sentence. Despite the immigration hold placed by federal authorities, under President Obama s Priority Enforcement Program (PEP), it is possible that Argueta could be released from custody and set free as early as next month.In an interview with Breitbart Texas, Tom Green County Sheriff David Jones said it is a very real concern.  He certainly could be released,  Sheriff Jones said.  We have had several people who were convicted and turned over to federal authorities released. It is a very real concern. Sheriff Jones said he has a good working relationship with the men and women who serve as Border Patrol agents locally.  The problem,  Jones stated,  comes from the orders they receive from higher up. Breitbart Texas  Lana Shadwick has reported extensively on the work Texas sheriffs have been doing to try and make the public aware of the dangers of this PEP program. Earlier this month, Shadwick reported the Department of Justice s plans to release 2,000 foreign citizens from federal custody beginning as early as October 30.  Law enforcement should always be concerned when this number of criminals will be released.  Jackson County Sheriff Aj Louderback told Breitbart Texas in an interview. Louderback also serves as legislative director of the Sheriff s Association of Texas.  I am also concerned that although the federal government claims they will be deported, as many as 2,000 illegal aliens could be released into our communities. The October 7 Breitbart Texas article explains the issues regarding PEP:PEP is a federal program which Louderback and other law enforcement officials say  endangers communities, rather than secures them, from the ravages of illegal immigrant crime.  The sheriff is talking to anyone who will listen about the program.The PEP program has replaced a congressionally-mandated program that governed how U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials dealt with criminal aliens. This program replaced the Secured Communities Program. The more aggressive 287(g) program has also been eliminated.The PEP policy was released by Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in November of 2014. In January, the program went into effect and Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby exclusively reported leaked training documents detailing how the program would be implemented. Darby dubbed the program,  Catch and Release 2.0. In August, Louderback led a group of Texas sheriffs to the Texas Capitol for a press conference announcing their concerns about the PEP program. He said the PEP program forces Texas sheriffs to sometimes even release violent offenders. Louderback told Breitbart Texas at that time, that criminal aliens know that law enforcement officials in Texas have their hands tied because of these new federal policies. They know they can come into the country illegally and stay here with impunity. Via: Breitbart News",0
15084,Ivanka Trump Sets Record Straight In Eye-Opening Interview: More Female Executives In Trump Organization Than Males [Video],So much for the media s attempt to make Donald Trump out to be a woman hater Ivanka Trump plans on going out to campaign for her dad and after seeing this interview i think it s a great idea. Ivanka Trump is no Paris Hilton. She s a serious businesswoman who ll be a great asset to her dad s campaign. ,0
15085,URGENT! Join #AntiHillaryFlashMob Rally Against Hillary In San Antonio (Click on link for details),"Event organizers are asking protesters to come out on Thursday, Oct. 15th to help them stand against Hillary and speak out against her support for amnesty. The message they are asking protesters to share with Hillary is:  It s not racist to have a border! Join Infowars reporter Joe Biggs and let Hillary hear your voice!Historic Sunset Station12:30 pm1174 E. Commerce St.San Antonio, TX.Live coverage starts at 11 am at Infowars.com",0
15086,BREAKING #WAR: Police Drag Radical Hecklers From Trump Rally As Fights Break Out [Video],"Americans are 100% FED Up! with the radical bad actors who re protesting and in your face with liberal talking points from Soros. I honestly don t blame these Trump supporters for pushing back on these radical protestors. If you ve ever been in the middle of this type of liberal yell fest, you d know it s disturbing and it s #WAR. We really are in a war for the survival of America. We ve been invaded by millions and millions of illegal aliens who re now gaining the right to vote. They also get freebies that should be going to legal American citizens. We re in trouble and we all need to wake up and protect the sovereignty of our Nation.Black Lives Matter and pro-illegal alien Latino activists were forcibly removed by Virginia State Police officers after disrupting a rally held Wednesday evening in Richmond by leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.There were reports that  small fights  had broken out between the protesters and Trump supporters.A cellphone video shows an apparent Trump supporter arguing with and then spitting on a protester. One report said the disruptions lasted for around thirty minutes.Trump supporter spits & curses at protester as protesters are escorted from @realDonaldTrump event in Richmond, VA pic.twitter.com/1GunaUweNW  Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) October 15, 2015  When the protesters first made their presence known in the capacity crowd of about 5,000, Trump responded by saying,  That s why we have freedom of speech, folks! , according to a video excerpt of his speech posted to You Tube. Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
15087,Democrats Want GOP To Apologize To Hillary For This Gut Wrenching Benghazi Ad [Video],"We think the Stop Hillary PAC needs to double down on their ad campaign to make sure every American sees this brilliant ad: Dear Hillary Clinton, I d like to ask you why you ignored calls for help in Benghazi and then four Americans were murdered,  the ad starts.  I d like to know why you lied, saying the attack was a response to an Internet video. I d like to hear why you tried to silence the Benghazi whistleblower. But Mrs. Clinton, I can t. What difference does it make? ",0
15088,IT’S CHRISTMAS IN OCTOBER: American Debt Is $18 Trillion But Dems Want To Give Away Free Goodies For Votes,"This one sentence should scare every taxpaying American to death: I know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it. - HRCLast night s debate for the candidates running for President on the Democrat side proved to be a fluff fest as if Santa himself was in the room. Free college, free this and free that Could someone please tell these people we re 18 TRILLION dollars in debt!Here s the transcript from Rush today that speaks to this Santa syndrome in the Democrat party:RUSH: First up is a montage here from the debate last night. Bernie Sanders, Hillary, Lincoln Chafee, and they re all talking about all the free stuff. College and health care and whatever you want. If you re an illegal immigrant, it s all yours. All you have to do is show up.SANDERS: Make every public college and university in this country tuition-free.HILLARY: Anyone to go to a public college or university tuition-free.SANDERS: We re all gonna have medical and family paid leave.HILLARY: Make sure every child gets health care, including undocumented children and others.CHAFEE: Funding education, funding infrastructure, funding health care.HILLARY: Enhance the benefits for the poorest recipients of Social Security.SANDERS: We should be putting money into education. I want Wall Street now to help kids in this country go to college, public colleges and universities.HILLARY: I know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it.RUSH: (laughing) We can afford it  cause we re gonna make the wealthy pay. We are $18 trillion in debt. Now, you can afford anything if you ignore that, and if you don t think that s a problem and if that number is irrelevant, the money never has to even be serviced or paid back, then of course you can afford anything. But the truth is, we can t afford anything. We can afford maybe, what, what s the number that we drag in by tax revenue every year? The numbers are confusing, but $3 trillion whatever we can afford every year, but we so exceed that. We have exceeded it for so long. We re already paying for things we can t afford. And these people just want to lap more and more on top of it.Via: Rush Limbaugh",0
15089,BURIED BY MEDIA: Aide To Leftist US Congressman Sander Levin (D-MI) Arrested For Brutally Beating Male Lover With Shovel… “I want to kill you. Die dirty faggy”,"Just when you thought Muslims had cornered the market on abusing gays! Since you won t see this story in the mainstream media. Please feel free to share it  Baltimore City Police arrested an aide to Rep. Sander M. Levin, D-Mich., at around 2:30 a.m. on Oct. 8 for criminal domestic violence charges.Tim Foster, a native of Henderson, Ky., brutally beat his male lover with a small black and red shovel, according to a police report obtained by CQ Roll Call, leaving the victim hospitalized with abrasions and bruises on his upper back, neck and torso.The dispute started around 12:30 a.m. inside a Northwest Baltimore home, when Foster, 32, got into a verbal argument with the 39-year-old black male identified as his boyfriend.Foster put his boyfriend in a choke hold and stated,  I want to kill you. Die dirty faggy,  the man later told police. Foster released him, then allegedly grabbed a stainless kitchen knife. As the boyfriend fled toward the stairs, Foster chased him and warned,  When you reach the fifth step, I am going to stab you. Foster lunged at his boyfriend with the knife. But Foster s wife  got in the way  and the knife then fell to the floor, the report states.The boyfriend told police he attempted to escape the property, but was again assaulted by Foster. This time, Foster struck him in his upper back with a small black and red shovel. Foster continued to assault the man until he got into his vehicle, the report states.Police responded to Union Memorial Hospital, where they spoke to the victim.Foster was placed under arrest early Thursday morning, and locked up in the Baltimore County Detention Center. The shovel was submitted as evidence.Court records show Foster was committed overnight, then released. He faces second degree assault and dangerous weapons charges.Levin has employed Foster for seven years. Foster started his current post, as online communication manager, in May 2013. In the wake of the incident, he was placed on unpaid leave.Via: Roll Call",0
15090,NOT KIDDING: Why Government Is Forcing Manhattan Landlord To Give $3200 A Month Apartment To Immigrant Free For Life,"Thanks to our government, the land of opportunity has taken on a whole new meaning An immigrant cabby scored the deal of a lifetime   a Chelsea pad for free until he dies   thanks to an obscure provision in the city s rent-stabilization law.TLC-licensed driver Oltimdje Ouattara hit the apartment jackpot after he began renting a room for $48 a night at an illegal hostel called the Chelsea Highline Hotel at 184 11th Ave. in August.Ouattara learned that since the building was registered with the city for single-room occupancy, he just had to submit a written request to become a permanent tenant there   and his  rent  would be locked in for life.It s the same legal loophole that had been used by five other hacks in the building before him. As The Post has exclusively reported, the other cabbies landed deals requiring them to pay around $300 a month for apartments that can go for up to $3,200.But Ouattara was able to net an even sweeter deal   allowing him to pay absolutely nothing   because the official listed rate on his illegal room was  $0.  And a judge said that s what the rent for his assigned room, No. 201, would stay.Ouattara has been sharing a one-room apartment in The Bronx with five other people since the hostel manager locked him out.Manhattan Housing Court Justice Sabrina Kraus appeared to be furious at the Chelsea landlord. She said the landlord should have been  well aware of [his] obligations  because he had lost a nearly identical case brought by Ouattara s neighbor, Hamidou Guira, weeks earlier.Ouattara managed to slip his lease request in just before building owner Chelsea Skybox LLC closed down the hostel, ensuring others can t follow suit.Lawyers for Chelsea Skybox LLC, which is controlled by Israeli developer John Leitersdorf and his partner, John Jacobsen, did not return messages seeking comment.But they have filed a lawsuit against Ouattara, the city and the state, claiming the housing laws are  unconstitutional  and  tantamount to taking property without due process.  Via: NYP",0
15091,Hillary Clinton’s Forked Tongue Answer On E-Mails Takes A Page Out Of Bill’s “The Meaning Of Is”,"Remember when Slick Willy said  It depends on what the meaning of the word is is . Well, Hillary took a page out of Bill s book of how to tell a lie I ve been as transparent as I know to be.    HRC ",0
15092,TOP 10 TWEETS From Democrat Debate,"Here s the fake black guy, Shaun King weighing in on how awesome it is that Bernie Sanders can now come out of the socialist closet. Because America is soooo ready (or so Shaun thinks anyhow) to embrace a socialist. Here is his tweet:#1.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654100720929632256Here is a great question from the Janie Johnson:#2.The bottom 49% of earners pay zero taxes   how much more  fair  do you want the tax system? #DemDebate  Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) October 14, 2015Truth!#3.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128633385107456And this tweet is priceless:#4.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128132295802880Some race baiters were not satisfied that enough divisive questions were posed to the candidates. How much time exactly should we giving to the issue of race during our presidential debates? Would 50% of the debate time be acceptable to the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists?The first is from #BLM activist and George Soros favorite, Deray McKesson:#5..@AndersonCooper, you were strong tonight, though I hope there are more questions about race at the next debate. #DemDebate  deray mckesson (@deray) October 14, 2015Next is from the fake black guy, Shaun King who bemoans the lack of diversity on the debate stage:#6 and #7https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654095075069296640https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654113225005510656And then we have the self proclaimed  Trump girls,  Diamond and Silk weighing in on the debate hilarious!#8.We out. This is not a debate. This is a disgrace. Hope .@realDonaldTrump come to save the day. #stump4trumpbaby pic.twitter.com/I1CcLL31lX  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) October 14, 2015Best tweet of the night goes to the Donald:#9""@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2015And the runners-up are Two from conservative actor James Woods:#10.Thank God money grows on trees. This bunch has no allergy to spending it. Free college not only for Americans, but anybody from anywhere  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 14, 2015We actually fibbed, there are 12 favorite tweets. We save 2 of our favorites from @iowahawk for last:I got 10 bucks that more people are following the debate on Trump's Twitter feed than on CNN  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015How to make college affordable: don't go  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015 ",0
15093,"Katy Perry, Christina Aguilera, Kim and Kanye, Justin Bieber, Anti-American Ariana Grande And More A-listers Fundraise For Rich, White Democrat Presidential Candidate","There s so much diversity in the Democrat presidential candidate pool, it must be hard for these  celebrities  to choose who they re going to throw their money and support behind..Katy Perry is publicly showing her support for Hillary Clinton.The pop singer, in her first appearance for the 2016 campaign, will rally Clinton supporters on Oct. 24 in downtown Des Moines before the presidential nominee attends the Iowa Democratic Party s annual Jefferson-Jackson Dinner, Clinton s campaign announced Saturday morning.Perry had a hand in rallying supporters for President Barack Obama when he was a candidate by performing at numerous events and wearing patriotic outfits she designed herself, including a dress she wore to a rally that displayed his campaign slogan  Forward  and a ballot dress she sported at a Las Vegas rally.She was a key part of the Obama campaign s strategy to get members of various communities to attend events. Campaign volunteers would sign up attendees to vote and even offer to take them to voting locations if they needed transportation.The Hollywood Reporter exclusively announced Friday that Christina Aguilera and her producer-fiance Matthew Rutler will host Clinton s last big fundraiser of the year on Nov. 4.The Des Moines event is free and open to the public, and registration is encouraged.Christina Aguilera and her producer fianc  Matthew Rutler will host Hillary Clinton s last big fundraiser of the year at their Los Angeles house on Nov. 4, sources tell The Hollywood Reporter.Clinton s trip falls shortly after her Oct. 26 birthday and is expected to draw a large celebrity crowd. Her last event was held at Lionsgate s Rob Friedman s home; the Nov. 4 fundraiser is expected to be a sold-out event.The final fundraiser is being put together by Clinton s Hollywood bundlers, including CAA s Darnell Strom and Michael Kives.On Nov. 5, Michelle and Rob Reiner, Cynthia Telles and Joe Waz will hold a discussion with Clinton from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. The event,  Conversation With Hillary,  will allow attendees to make contributions ranging from $1,000-$2,700.After announcing her candidacy in April, she has made monthly trips to Los Angeles, where she has raised tens of thousands in Hollywood contributions.A-listers including Kanye West, Kim Kardashian, Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson, Usher, Jessica Alba, Jeffrey Katzenberg and more previously gathered this past August to support Clinton at the house of talent manager Scooter Braun, who boasts a large list of young talent including Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande. Kardashian and West even took a selfie with the presidential candidate after hearing her goals for the country, where she defended Planned Parenthood and supported President Barack Obama s environmental initiatives.",0
15094,BUSTED! JEB BUSH’S CAMPAIGN USED “PLANT” To Attack Trump [VIDEO],"Just imagine if Jeb s campaign as much imagination and energy into researching the devastating effect that giving 25 million illegal aliens amnesty will have on America .During an appearance at a Jon Huntsman / The Hill  No Labels  event, a female audience member named Lauren Batchelder played the role of a female antagonist toward candidate Donald Trump.However, Ms. Batchelder is not just an average audience member. She s a paid political operative of the GOP and a paid staff member of Team Jeb Bush:Within minutes of her scripted performance at the event, the producers of CNN were quickly editing soundbites and framing a narrative. That story was pushed into the media stream within hours. CNN s Jeanne Moos was the delivery vehicle for the a hit piece.Here s the CNN narrative as presented yesterday:However, as previously noted, it didn t take long to discover that Lauren Batchelder was not just an ordinary audience member, she is actually a current staffer for Senator Kelly Ayotte and also working in New Hampshire on behalf of the Jeb Bush 2016 campaign.Batchelder s LinkedIn profile shows she is a Jeb Bush For President 2016 staffer.Given Senator Ayotte s position being pro-life, and contrasted against the framework of Ms. Batchelder s line of questioning being completely opposite of the boss(es) she is working for, it doesn t take long to figure out this was a planted Establishment GOPe hit job targeting Donald Trump.Of course, Ms Batchelder quickly began scrubbing her social media history trying to hide who she works for. Almost all of her Twitter history is now deleted, but not before much of it was able to be captured. Several other profiles remain available:Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
15095,Col. Ralph Peters On Obama’s Refusal To Live In Reality: “He’s Chasing Unicorns!”,Peters is dead on in his description of Obama s foreign policy failures. Obama s still underestimating Putin and is  chasing unicorns  with his focus on global warming over the Middle East and Russia.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXRQJmXm8_U,0
15096,Insane! Huge Financial Disaster On The Horizon With Obama’s Housing Bubble And Easy Lending In The Name Of “Fairness”,"I ll bet most Americans have no idea that we re in another huge housing bubble thanks to Obama s desire for everyone to own a home. Remember Barney Frank and his pals forcing this bubble to get bigger and bigger and then pointing the finger at Republicans? Well, that s what s next unless the lame Republicans take the bull by the horns and get control of our debt. BILL CLINTON S HUD SECRETARY ANDREW CUOMO DISCUSSING FAIR HOUSING: THIS IS A MASSIVE SHELL GAME THAT OBAMA CONTINUES:Just this September, HUD  awarded $38 million to  fight housing discrimination  so the shell game continues but here s more of the rest of the story:OBAMA S HOUSE OF CARDS:  Eric Holder and Tom Perez who re Obama administration political shills, did the dirty work in targeting banks. The excerpt below is from a fantastic piece in the New York Post that spells out the Obama administration s efforts with minority home ownership and  perceived injustices  that just aren t there. Typical Obama to rewrite the rules or just not follow them to get what you want. That isn t stopping the administration from trying to correct perceived injustices. Cordray says CFPB will rewrite the rules for how the private credit bureaus collect, maintain and analyze such data. He is working on  reforming  the system with the liberal Center for Responsible Lending and other housing activists who believe it denies minorities the credit they deserve. The federal government also isn t shy about fining and suing banks to get its way. CFPB also has been working closely with the Justice Department to enhance fair lending enforcement. Justice has pressured banks to relax their mortgage underwriting standards and approve loans for minorities with poor credit as part of a new crackdown on alleged discrimination, court documents show. Attorney General Eric Holder, who served as Reno s deputy, has filed a record number of fair-lending enforcement actions against lenders. More than 60 investigations are active or said to be in the pipeline, and dozens of banks have already settled, including giants Wells Fargo and Bank of America. Prosecutions have already generated more than $550 million in rebates, loan set-asides and other subsidies from banks that have settled out of court rather than battle the federal government and risk being branded racist by the media. Leading the charge is Holder s top civil-rights cop, Thomas Perez, another Clinton retread. Perez has compared bankers to Klansmen, arguing that while bankers may discriminate  with a smile  and  fine print,  it s  every bit as destructive as the cross burned in a neighborhood. STEPHEN MOORE: The Fed, the White House and Congress are setting up the next financial bubbleMy 13-year-old son told me at the dinner table the other day that Franklin Roosevelt was one of America s  greatest presidents  because  he ended the Great Depression.  He s usually a good student, so I checked where he got this tripe and sure enough the fairy tale was right there in his American history book.Sure enough his text book tells kids that the New Deal ended the Great Depression and even saved capitalism. Of course the New Deal exacerbated the pain and financial devastation of a stock market crash, and unemployment lingered in double digits for a decade after Roosevelt was elected until the start of World War II.Here s the latest story line: bailouts, trillions of dollars of government spending and debt, easy money, and re-regulation of Wall Street ended the 2008 Great Recession. The myth took on new life last week when Ben Bernanke took a bow in The Wall Street Journal for in his mind saving the economy with his $3 trillion of quantitative easing and zero interest rate policy. No, actually this is what created the crisis. Don t be surprised if Mr. Bernanke receives a Nobel Peace Prize.As Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute and other scholars have thoroughly documented, the crash of 2008 was caused by the Federal Reserve s easy money policies for nearly a decade, government housing policies that led to preposterous mortgage loans being issued, and massive overleverage of government, companies, and households.Why does any of this history matter? Since Washington doesn t understand what went wrong in 2007 and 2008, so the Fed, the White House and Congress are recreating the very same conditions for another financial bubble. If it pops, we could replay the same devastating effects as occurred during the first bubble in 1999 and 2000. It is doing so in four ways:First, the Dodd-Frank regulations are causing one of the greatest consolidations of the banking industry since the Great Depression. Those indispensable small savings and loans that Jimmy Stewart operated in the movie  It s a Wonderful Life  are disappearing from the American landscape. This is because only really big banks have the size to spread the costs of Dodd-Frank compliance officers and costs. So we have created a competitive advantage that allows the sharks to swallow the minnows. Meanwhile, the  too big to fail  safety net to Bank of America, Citi, and other titans exacerbates this cost advantage of big banks and thus makes bailouts even more likely in the future.Second, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are engaged in the same low interest rate lending mania of 2004-07 and the Obama administration is on a Bush-like home-ownership push. Some Republican House heroes like Jeb Hensarling of Texas wanted to eliminate taxpayer subsidies to Fannie and Freddie but the housing lobby kept them alive. So now the two government enterprises are back issuing taxpayer guarantees on mortgages with as little as 3 percent down payment. Have we learned nothing at all?Third, the Fed refused to raise interest rates off zero in September, and, hello, that easy money policy is how we got into the mess in 2000 and then in 2008. Wall Street cheered Janet Yellen s decision to keep the cheap dollars flowing. Isn t this all starting to sound familiar?Finally, there is the saturation of debt. When the crisis hit in 2008 the national debt stood at a little under $10 trillion. Now we are at $18 trillion. Government is hopelessly overleveraged. The interest rate exposure is enormous with each one percentage point rise in long term rates causing the servicing costs of the debt to rise by about $1 trillion over 10 years. Meanwhile, on top of that, the Fed owns at least $1 trillion in mortgage debt and so if housing markets fall again, taxpayers get double walloped.The point is that government and politicians have no learning curve. All of the conditions of financial wreckage are reappearing. This is why congressional Republicans absolutely should put up a fight on the debt ceiling by requiring more budget discipline as a condition of higher debt levels. They should require at least 8-10 percent downpayments on all government insured mortgages. They should repeal all or part of the Dodd-Frank bill that is destroying community banks, while promising voters they will never again bail out a bank or financial institution. Finally, they should be urging the Fed to restore sound money by gradually raising short term interest rates. And the presidential candidates should start warning voters that Washington is rebuilding another financial house of cards.If they don t, when the financial crash comes and Americans see their life savings disappear, the media and the history books will again blame Republicans for the destruction from the rampant financial negligence of government.  Stephen Moore is an economic consultant with Freedom Works and a Fox News contributor.VIA: WT",0
15097,Ouch! Joe Biden’s Former Staffer’s Scorching Firsthand Experience That’s Sure To Cause A Stir,"Who knew Biden is a tyrant? The author of a 2013 book revisits the first-hand experience of what Joe Biden is like to work for and it s not a pretty picture. Basically, he s described as a major ahole who s pretty arrogant. Pick this book up for some good reading for political season or if you need one more reason to NOT vote for this tyrant.As Vice President Joe Biden ponders whether or not to run for president in 2016, claims that he was a tyrant to those who worked for him, and even plagiarized speeches during his first presidential run, have been revisited.In light of the news last week that the vice president himself leaked the story that his son Beau asked him to run for president before he died, George Packer, author of the 2013 book,  The Unwinding,  reexamined charges made in his book by former Biden staffer Jeff Connaughton in the New York Post, Sunday.If you just worked your ass off for him for a few years, he ignored you, intimidated you, sometimes humiliated you, took no interest in your advancement, and never learned your name. Hey, Chief,  he d say, or  How s it going, Cap n,  unless he was ticked at you, in which case he d employ one of his favorite terms for male underlings:  dumb f k. Dumb f k over here didn t get me the briefing materials I needed.  It was both noun and adjective:  Is the event leader a Democrat or a Republican? Or are you too dumb f k to know? In September of that year, Connaughton was on break heading to a college football game when he heard news reports that Biden had completely stolen a speech from British politician Neil Kinnock, going so far as to even steal his identity as a descendant of coal miners.The problem for Biden was that the media went looking for other more cases plagiarism, and they found it, the Post reported.They competed to dig up other Biden faults: lines lifted from Hubert Humphrey and Robert F. Kennedy; a badly footnoted law-school essay that resulted in a failing grade; exaggerated claims about his past.Then an incident recorded by C-SPAN in a New Hampshire resident s kitchen surfaced. Biden had agreed to wear a mike for an entire, unedited campaign event   a first in political history. He was brilliant for 89 of the 90 minutes, but he had spent his whole career saying too much, and just before the end, a voter asked him about his law-school grades. Biden snapped,  I think I probably have a much higher IQ than you do,  then made at least three false statements about his education while taking the guy s head off.Read more: NYP",0
15098,Governor Jerry Brown Just Made It Possible For Illegal Aliens To Vote…Coming To A State Near You?,"Liberal California Governor Jerry Brown just signed the Motor Voter Act allowing non-citizens to be registered to vote. Is this coming to your state soon?Non-Citizens Will Now Vote In At Least One StateGovernor Jerry Brown just sold out the American vote in California. He signed a new version of the Motor Voter Act that will register every eligible California citizen who acquires a driver s license or renews a license at the Department of Motor Vehicles to vote.This is after he made all illegal aliens eligible for diver s licenses. Eleven states allow illegal aliens to get driver s licenses.In California, state officials  specifically chose not to make noncitizen license holders searchable in their DMV database,  said True the Vote spokesman Logan Churchwell, who called the newly signed bill  unprecedented. The measure, Assembly Bill 1461,  will effectively change the form of governance in California from a Republic whose elected officials are determined by United States citizens and will guarantee that noncitizens will participate in all California elections going forward,  Election Integrity Project of California President Linda Paine said in a statement.It appears to be unconstitutional.This is what conservatives were afraid of and this is just one more example of a conspiracy theory come true. It will undoubtedly ramp up voter fraud in California.California s Secretary of State feels differently In a free society, the right to vote is fundamental,  said Secretary of State Alex Padilla.  The New Motor Voter Act will make our democracy stronger by removing a key barrier to voting for millions of California citizens. Via: Independent Sentinal",0
15099,"Obama Tells 60 Minutes He Could Win A Third Term, But Says He Won’t Run…Watch Surprisingly Hard-Hitting Interview Here","No Obama won t run again, but he ll use every dirty political Chicago-style trick available to him to make sure Joe Biden ends up in the White House, so he can  still manage chaos from the outside..President Obama insisted that he could run and win a third term as president if he wanted to, but assured Americans that he would follow the lead of previous presidents before him.When asked directly by Steve Kroft in a 60 Minutes interview if he could win a third term as president he replied without hesitation,  Yes. I do. He pointed out that it was  bittersweet  heading into his last year in office admitting that he would  love to do some more  to help the country.But he compared his own struggle with that of the nation s first president, George Washington, to explain why he would step down. I think having a fresh set of legs in this seat, I think having a fresh perspective, new personnel and new ideas and a new conversation with the American people about issues that may be different a year from now than they were when I started eight years ago, I think that s all good for our democracy,  he concluded.It s not the first time Obama has signaled confidence that he could win a third term if he wanted to. While speaking to political leaders in Africa, he pointed out that he was  a pretty good president. I think if I ran, I could win. But I can t,  he said in July  There s a lot that I d like to do to keep America moving. But the law is the law, and no person is above the law, not even the president.  Via: Breitbart NewsWatch entire interview here: ",0
15100,"WHILE OBAMA TRIES TO DISARM AMERICANS, Israeli Ministers Encourage Citizens To Carry To Eliminate Enemy","The destruction of America is in full swing as we pay billions to deliver unchecked Muslims ( refugees ) to the shores of America. Meanwhile, real men in Israel are arming up to defeat the enemy As the number of terrorist attacks continues to grow Israel politicians, on the left and right, are encouraging citizens to carry guns and defeat the Islamist killers.Civilians who shot terrorists are heroes, politicians on right and left say; Deputy Defense Minister: People with guns should be alert and prevent further attacks.op terrorists are heroes, Education Minister Naftali Bennett said Thursday, after several cases in which people shot Arab terrorists stabbing Israelis. Against the cowardly Arab terrorism, a wave of Jewish courage is rising to defeat it,  he said, visiting a protest tent in front of the Prime Minister s Residence, in which demonstrators called for more action against terrorism. Bennett said that  wherever there is a terrorist, citizens rise to defend their brothers and eliminate the enemy. In the Kirya in Tel Aviv and Kiryat Arba, Petah Tikva and Kiryat Gat, we see great heroism and great friendship. For the past 120 years, people are trying to kill the Jews here. The enemy changes, but we remain here, growing and building our land,  he added. We are the eternal nation, and we are raising our heads.Jewish heroism will defeat the enemy. Similarly, Deputy Defense Minister Eli Ben-Dahan, also of Bayit Yehudi, called on any civilians legally carrying a firearm to  be alert and prevent another terrorist attack,  in an interview with Army Radio.Ben-Dahan also called on the attorney-general to authorize the army to demolish terrorists  houses immediately after they attack and not wait a year. Via: JP H/t: Gateway Pundit",0
15101,Why The GOP Establishment Should Fear This Outspoken Underdog Candidate,"There seems to be a trend with the GOP presidential candidates who are appearing at the top of the polls right now. The one thing they all seem to have in common is their willingness to stand up to the media and to their own party and demand they stop caving to the Left. Senator Ted Cruz has never disappointed when it comes to standing up to those on the left and when necessary, calling out those in his own party when they take a left turn. He s not looking to be popular in the halls of Congress, he s looking to represent the will of We The People, and hopefully the American voter will remember his courage when it comes time to vote in the primary elections. Poster by awesome conservative artist Sabo.The Texas senator may look like an also-ran, but he s a legit contender. Where s Ted Cruz? The outspoken Texas senator has been unusually quiet in recent weeks. But in GOP circles, there s soft but growing chatter that he is likely to be one of the last men standing in one of the most chaotic and unpredictable presidential races in recent memory. You wouldn t know it from his poll numbers. Cruz is running at about 6 percent nationally and in key states such as Iowa and New Hampshire. That s well behind outsiders Donald Trump, Carly Fiorina, and Ben Carson, and those numbers accord with the attitude that many influential Republicans have taken toward him since his arrival in Washington three years ago: There s no way he can win the nomination. He s too conservative and doctrinaire, and his abrasiveness doesn t help the cause.Given his poll numbers and his solid but unremarkable debate performances, the press has mostly ignored him. The result is that the Texas senator may be the most undercovered serious candidate in the race   and the most underestimated. But he shouldn t be dismissed. This is the man, after all, who, according to one of his allies, began meeting with Iowa activists to plot his path to victory in the state in August of 2013, just nine months after he was elected to the Senate. Is it possible that he ll sneak up on the Republican establishment again, just as he did in his 2012 Senate race? Within Republican circles, attitudes about his viability have begun to change. Even strategists associated with some of Cruz s rivals acknowledge that, in a historically crowded field, he may be one of the last men standing.  He s got a long way to go, but unlike some of these guys, he has a coherent strategy, he has a lot of money, he has a pretty consistent message, and he s not making mistakes,  says a top Republican strategist allied with Florida senator Marco Rubio.  He s running a good campaign. With strong support in Iowa and South Carolina, Cruz has a path through the early states; both his campaign and his super PAC are flush with cash; and he s a skilled politician who doesn t slip up much on the campaign trail or in debates. But unlike Cruz himself, his strategy is not head-turning but simple, steady, even creeping.  He s not readily considered a first-tier candidate, but if you look at the critical ways to evaluate whether a candidate is strong or not, he should be a first-tier candidate,  says GOP strategist Matt Mackowiak. By all accounts, Cruz is positioned to succeed in Iowa, which has been friendly to conservative candidates in years past. The Real Clear Politics polling average has him tied for third place with Carly Fiorina, and he has a solid ground game in place.  Our trajectory has been slow and steady upward,  says Bryan English, Cruz s political director in the state.  I ve just been kind of curious, okay, when are people going to start paying attention to what we re doing and that we re positioned to do very well in Iowa. The campaign has been getting in position for a long time. Steve Deace, an Iowa-based talk-radio host who has endorsed Cruz, says that as far back as August of 2013, Cruz was asking him to set up meetings with top Iowa activists. Now, Deace says, the Texas senator has  the best [Iowa] organization I ve ever seen,  composed of the sort of dedicated activists who put Rick Santorum over the finish line four years ago. Cruz also has a plan beyond Iowa. He has referred to the March 1  SEC primary,  in which eight Southern states go to the polls, as his  firewall : that is, a backstop against whatever losses he might sustain beforehand. This year, these Southern states will go to the polls before Florida and before the traditional Super Tuesday, a change in the primary calendar instituted by RNC chairman Reince Priebus. Most of those contests, unlike the ones that precede them, are not winner-take-all, and Cruz s goal is to win the most delegates rather than to take entire states.Via: National Review ",0
15102,College Punishes Success By Not Allowing Yacht Club At Prestigious School [VIDEO],"The shaming of the rich should not surprise anyone coming from a whacked out college that actually offers a major in the non-belief of God. The Left s attempt to redefine the core values and beliefs that make America the greatest country in the world offends us. California College Denies Student Yacht Club, Says Yacht Clubs Are OffensiveAre yacht clubs   in and of themselves   offensive? According to Pitzer College in Claremont, California, the answer is yes.Last week, the student Senate at Pitzer voted to deny instating a yacht club at the school  as the majority of Senators found the name  yacht club  to have a particularly offensive association with yacht clubs and a recreation known for being exclusive,  according to Taylor Novick-Finder, a Pitzer College Senator.This morning on  Fox and Friends,  Anna Kooiman welcomed Claremont Independent publisher Steven Glick to the program to discuss. I think the P.C. police have been going further and further every day with what they re deeming offensive,  said Glick, who is also a student at nearby Pamona College.  It s becoming increasingly trivial, concerning what should be censored or banned. It s unfortunately not a surprise to see,  he added.Via: FOX News ",0
15103,Could Newt Gingrich Save The Republican Party By Becoming Speaker Of The House?,"He d like to build a giant wall, deport illegals, defund Planned Parenthood and deal with our debt crisis. These are all issues Newt Gingrich believes need to be dealt with. Given his past history as Speaker, he may just be the guy to get the job done Newt Gingrich told Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alexander Marlow on Saturday that if he had the votes in congress to reclaim the Speaker of the House position, he would accept.Gingrich acknowledged that if he had 218 house members backing him as Speaker, who approved of his strategy on the continuing resolution, and his strategy on dealing with the debt ceiling, he would have a  moral obligation to serve the country. Gingrich, who served as Speaker in the 90 s during the Clinton Administration, initially made light of this provocative possibility by reminding listeners to Breitbart News Saturday on Sirius XM Patriot radio, channel 125, of the time when conservative icon William F. Buckley was asked while running for Mayor of New York: if he was elected, what would he do? Buckley said that the first thing he would do is demand a recount.Later in the interview, the consummate historian side of Gingrich emerged. He waxed more philosophical, relating that George Washington never sought elected office, but when called upon to serve, he did so.The architect of the  Contract with America  in 1994, which proposed ten policies the GOP promised to a vote on during the first hundred days of the new Congress, cautioned current house members to  slow down  when picking their next Speaker. Gingrich asserted that the House chamber must break down into lengthy conferences among themselves and vet candidates not on personality, but on their ability to articulate strategy.The former Speaker asserted that House leadership needs to have a sound strategy on how to deal with the continuing resolution that comes up in December and the debt ceiling.  Unless they have a strategy in dealing with these kind of issues, they will just rapidly undermine the next speaker and be right back in the middle of a bitter internal fight that they don t need,  he said.Marlow asked Gingrich his position on funding Planned Parenthood and the possibility of a government shutdown.  I would have a hard time voting for a bill that funded it,  he replied.  Even if it meant a shutdown?  inquired Marlow.  Let me repeat myself. I would have a very hard time voting for a bill that funded Planned Parenthood,  Gingrich replied.Gingrich said that Republicans have to make it clear that they are not defunding women s health.  Here is the money, we are not defunding women s health,  needs to be expressed. He recommends that congress apply the exact same dollars for women s health to other organizations, including religious groups, but not to be complicit in   a process that cuts up babies. We should say how can the president of the Unites States defend cutting up babies, and if Obama wants to close the government over his commitment to cutting up babies, then I would say let s have the fight. Regarding immigration, Gingrich told Marlow that he just came back from Israel.  You can t spend time in Israel and not believe that fences work. People who say you can t build a fence are just wrong,  he maintains. He added that Trump is right on this, and that building 95-story sky-scrapers is more complicated than building fences.The ten time re-elected congressman from Georgia stressed that there must be a strong e-verify network in place, but it would be implausible to round up and deport all who came across American borders illegally.  We are not going to deport 11 million people. We are not going to go into neighborhoods, we re not going to tear up churches, not going to tear up families. No American system could tolerate that level of personal and dehumanizing process. Gingrich does think, however, that America could aggressively deport criminals.  People in neighborhoods would be grateful that you got rid of the criminals,  he insisted.  MS13 Gang from El Salvador, which is now in 70 cities, should be utterly, totally unacceptable to every American. The conservative icon added that he finds that when he meets with legal immigrants across the nation, they are the  strongest supporters of insisting on legality. Because they paid their dues; they did the right things. They followed the law. They would like to see an America insisting on returning to that. Gingrich maintains there should be a  pathway to legality,  but rejects offering them citizenship before those  waiting patiently  who apply legally. There could be exceptions for some who would enter the military. If one is willing to  risk their lives  for America, extenuating circumstances may apply in that case, Gingrich believes. Via: Breitbart",0
15104,"BOYCOTT! Pro-Gun Control Seth (Racist) Rogen, Star Of Newly Released “Steve Jobs” Movie Sends Vulgar Tweet: “F*ck You Ben Carson”","If you only attack black conservatives, does that make you exempt from being called a  racist? When will Americans stop supporting foreigners like Josh Rogen who openly spout off about about their disdain for conservatives while advocating for gun control in our country?On the eve of the release of Universal s  Steve Jobs,  star Seth Rogen fired off a hate-tweet at black Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.  Fuck you @realBenCarson,  the tweet said. In another tweet, Rogen, a high-profile Hillary Clinton supporter (and Canadian citizen), expressed his anger over comments Carson made about gun control and Nazi Germany.Carson believes Jews might have had a better chance at resisting the Nazi regime had they not been disarmed by that regime in advance. Rogen, who is Jewish, and much of the national media are horrified over the idea of Jews with guns fighting Nazis, something Jews did frequently throughout WWII with scrounged guns.Whether it is kids in classrooms or Jews in Nazi Germany, Carson proved this week that if you want to enrage a Leftist, suggest that they might have been better off had they been in a position to fight back.The social media backlash against both Rogen and his upcoming film was immediate, and some 12 hours later, even though it is very early in the morning, is still intense.Here is Rogan s vulgar tweet:A search of tweets containing only Seth Rogen s names finds that almost all of them are critical of the comedian s attack on Carson, many accusing Rogen of outright racism. The venomous, dehumanizing attacks black conservatives face from leftists like Rogen have been well-documented going back to Clarence Thomas. Via: Breitbart News",0
15105,"VIDEO: College Students Burn ISIS Flag On Campus While Onlookers Chant: “USA, USA, USA!”","Patriotic University of Missouri students burned an ISIS flag on campus as other students chanted:  USA, USA, USA!  Patriotism and anti-terrorism is a good thing   maybe this ll catch on and start a trend across America.COLUMBIA, Mo.   Chants of  USA! USA! USA!  echoed across the University of Missouri quad Thursday afternoon as a crowd of students cheered on a student who burned an ISIS flag in a symbolic gesture in response to continual human rights violations by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.  You have to be willing to stand up and say enough  -Ian Paris-president- responds to safety concerns @CoMissourian pic.twitter.com/iXK0EFEwNk  Kaley Annabel (@KaleyJohnson6) October 8, 2015It was meant to demonstrate to the  monsters  within ISIS that Americans are not afraid, the political science major said. Ian Paris lights the handmade ISIS flag on fire. A crowd of about 150 chants  USA.  pic.twitter.com/Wl2vZlcpE7   Kaley Annabel (@KaleyJohnson6) October 8, 2015Read more: The College Fix",0
15106,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS After Hillary Clinton Sends Her Book To The Ben Carson Campaign [Video],This is hysterical! I could add a few ways to use her book:  ,0
15107,WATCH Barry Lose His Cool During Interview About Putin: “He’s Challenging Your Leadership Mr. President”,"Wow! What s more shocking the fact that a member of the mainstream media finally crossed Obama s imaginary red line or that we have a sitting president who acts like a petulant toddler when confronted with his weak leadership?60 Minutes Steve Kroft is not letting Barack Hussein Obama off the hook when it comes to his failed leadership in the Middle East.  Barry Soetoro, aka Barack Hussein Obama answers his questions much like a toddler would if confronted with misbehaving.Watch embarrassing interview here:The interview can be seen in its entirety on 60 Minutes, Sunday evening 7:30 pm EST.",0
15108,RABID PRO-AMNESTY LEGISLATOR Luis Gutiérrez On Paul Ryan For Speaker “He would work with Democrats in order to solve the problems of America” [VIDEO],"When you re a Republican and get a ringing endorsement from radical pro-amnesty carnival barker, Luis Guti rrez  you should probably re-think your party affiliation Friday on MSNBC, Rep. Luis Guti rrez (D-IL) said Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)doesn t want to be House Speaker because he would have to work with the  extreme  Republicans who want to take away the rights of gays, woman and minorities.Guti rrez said,  Look, they cannibalize their own. First Cantor, then McCarthy, before that Boehner. That s why Paul Ryan doesn t want to be the Speaker of the House. He doesn t want to be the Speaker of the House because he understands that there are 35, 40 Republican members of the House that didn t come here to govern. They came here to destroy government. They came here to take the government down. They don t want to coalesce and work with the other side of the aisle. They want to take the country backwards. He continued,  Yesterday I was at a hearing, the judiciary committee. What do they want to do now they have a new committee and a new investigation into Planned Parenthood. Why? Because they want to turn the clock back on women. They want women to go back to the  50s and that  Mad Men  series that we watch on cable TV where women didn t have rights. That s what they want to do, and that s why he doesn t want to take on the Speakership. They want to turn the clock back, and they have chaos. Look, if they can t do something as fundamental as pick a new leader, as fundamental as pick a new leader, and every time they pick a leader, they cannibalize that leader. How are they going to lead this nation? Complementing Ryan he continued,  Let me just say this. smartest person, I believe, in the GOP conference and would be good for the country, would be good for the Republican Party, would be good for the House of Representatives   because Paul Ryan is the kind of individual that will work with other people on the other side of the aisle, and I think that that s what need. He added,  He would work with Democrats in order to solve the problems of America and that s exactly what the 35, 40 members, these extreme members, very vocal, organized, extreme members of the Republican caucus don t want. They don t want an American solution. They think, you know what, gay people should go back in the closet, women should be at home in the kitchen, and those Latinos and Asians, why don t we just make them invisible again or deport them altogether? That s their philosophy of government. They want to go back before there was a Voting Rights and a Civil Rights Act in America. When I was born in America in 1953, it was separate but equal. But let me assure you, it was separate but not real equal for people like me. That s the America they want to take us back to. and guess what? the vast majority of the American people are going to push back strong against that attempt to take us backwards. Via: Breitbart News",0
15109,ADORABLE! Hispanic Trump Fan Interviewed: “I dreamed about meeting Mr. Trump” [Video],This precious lady waited five years to become an American citizen. She appreciates the beauty and freedom of America. She gets it! The video of her meeting Trump is below. Her enthusiasm is pretty awesome and very real. ,0
15110,"BREAKING : Next In Line For Speaker Of The House, RINO Kevin McCarthy Makes Shocking Announcement","Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) has dropped out of the race for House Speaker. The reason he gave to the Republican Caucus for dropping out:  I am not the right person to lead at this moment.  McCarthy was expected to win the Speakership in a landslide but his comments on Benghazi were frowned upon by his fellow Republicans. McCarthy s mistake of saying the Benghazi investigation was all about politics was exactly what Hillary Clinton needed to revive her campaign. Ultimately, he was concerned he could not get the 218 votes needed to win: McCarthy s decision, announced moments before Republicans were set to nominate their candidate, will postpone the vote for speaker. McCarthy had been running against Reps. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and Daniel Webster, R-Fla., before he dropped out, and it s unclear whether other candidates will now step forward.While McCarthy, R-Calif., faced vocal opposition from some conservative members and groups, he was thought to have more than enough support to win the party s nomination in the vote initially set for Thursday. Fox News is told McCarthy, in revealing his choice, simply told colleagues it was not his time.His withdrawal rattled fellow lawmakers, particularly allies in leadership. But addressing reporters afterward, McCarthy said he thinks the party needs a  fresh face. READ MORE: FOX NEWS",0
15111,“TRAITOR IN CHIEF” WARNS CONGRESS…Shut Down Prison With Muslim Terrorists Or I’ll Stop Funding Military [VIDEO],"Name one time this reckless  Commander in Chief  has put our men and women in uniform before the war on terror Just one.On Monday, the Obama administration announced that President Obama would veto a defense authorization bill if it did not close down Guantanamo Bay. White House press secretary Josh Earnest explained that the House funding bill would be vetoed  principally because of the irresponsible way that it funds our national defense priorities, but also because of the efforts to prevent the closure [of] the prison at Guantanamo Bay.  He added that Democrats would sustain Obama s veto, and defense authorization would die.Obama s strong stand on Gitmo underscores two vital points. First, President Obama does not fear defunding America s national security. Second, Obama does not fear Republicans in Congress.The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) has been authorized for five decades running. The current NDAA fully funds the military through a workaround measure, thanks to President Obama s demands that a huge chunk of sequestration cuts come from defense funding. Now Democrats complain that the workaround measure isn t good enough: Republicans should bust open the bank again.But that s not Obama s main criticism of the NDAA. He has long had a bug in his ear with regard to Gitmo, which he feels has strengthened terrorists  feelings about the evils of the United States. Given his recent moves to parlay with the Cuban dictatorship as well, Obama may want to hand Gitmo in totality back to the Cuban government. The fact that Obama would be willing to dramatically cut America s military funding, even as Russia takes over Ukraine and Syria, as Iran gears up for a big regional military push, as China continues its aggressive behavior in the South China Sea, demonstrates Obama s top priority is doing leftist work, not protecting the United States.In fact, Obama s choice to prioritize Gitmo above national security isn t a choice at all: Obama wants America s military slashed, and he wants Gitmo closed. Senator Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) agrees with Obama that Gitmo should be closed, but even he says that Obama has manipulated the process to create an impasse. According to Roll Call, McCain  has said the White House promised him a plan to close the prison, but has yet to present one. Without that, he has said he wouldn t be able to find the votes to do what the White House wants. Now, normally, Obama s nasty priorities would pose little threat to military funding: after all, Obama would be stymied by Republicans in Congress. And Obama has threatened to veto the NDAA before over Guantanamo; each time, Congress has called Obama s bluff, and he has signed the bill into law.But this time, the feeling is that Obama could be more serious. After all, with the legacy of Republicans folding on executive amnesty, the Iran deal, and funding for Planned Parenthood, among others, Obama probably feels he can leverage Gitmo out of existence. He believes that Republicans fear defense defunding more than he must   their constituents will hold them accountable, while he s in pure  f*** it list  mode. He also thinks that Republicans are unwilling to undergo a head-to-head matchup with him under almost any circumstances.And Obama is right. In his entire tenure as Commander-in-Chief, Obama has had to issue a grand total of four vetoes. Four. That s less than every president since Chester A. Arthur, who filled out James Garfield s term, serving less than four years. Obama has had a fully Republican Congress this year, and a Republican House since 2010. He has issued just two vetoes this year, one with regard to Keystone XL Pipeline, and the other with regard to a bill related to the National Labor Relations Board. All of his other major policy priorities have been guarded zealously by a Democratic minority or an unwilling Republican majority.So why wouldn t Obama try to hold Republicans  feet to the fire on defense authorization?Obama s mastery of Congress is unprecedented in American history; the only other candidates for that title either held Congressional dominance within their own party (Franklin Delano Roosevelt) or ruled a Congressional rump (Abraham Lincoln). Shutting down America s defense funding would be a crowning achievement for a president who cares more about weakening America s role in the world than defending her citizens.Via: Breitbart News",0
15112,American Workers Finally Fighting Back Against Corporations Replacing Them With Cheaper Foreign Labor,"THE H-1B VISA PROGRAM IS KILLING JOBS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS! It was just reported in the recent jobs numbers that native-born Americans are losing jobs while immigrant employment is up. Corporations like Disney are bringing in foreign workers with the H-1B visa and having the American employees train the foreign worker for their job. Talk about adding insult to injury! This needs to stop but Washington lobbyists and the Chamber of Commerce really can t help themselves they love that cheap labor. The discrimination against Americans is very real and it s about time the workers fought back!Some U.S. IT workers who have been replaced with H-1B contractors are alleging discrimination and are going to court. They are doing so in increasing numbers.There are at least seven IT workers at Disney who are pursuing, or plan to pursue, federal and state discrimination administrative complaints over their layoffs. Another Disney worker, still employed by the firm, has filed a state administrative discrimination complaint in California. These complaints are a first step to litigation.Separately, there are ongoing court cases alleging discrimination against two of the largest India-based IT services firms, Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services. The federal judges in each of cases have given a green light for the plaintiffs to proceed after rejecting dismissal efforts.There may be federal interest in examining this issue. The U.S. Department of Justice s Office of Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices was asked by 10 U.S. senators in April to examine the IT layoffs at Southern California Edison (SCE) and to determine whether SCE or its contractors were  engaged in prohibited citizenship status discrimination. What s being challenged, in sum, is the job replacement system created by the H-1B program. U.S. IT workers, as a condition for their severance, are being made to train H-1B visa-holding contractor replacements to take over their jobs.The contractors often work for IT services firms that employ large numbers of H-1B workers. Most of these workers are from India and regional countries. This practice of replacing U.S. workers with foreign workers constitutes national origin discrimination, say its critics.The court case against Tata, whose plaintiffs include a former SCE employee, alleges that some 95% of its employees are South Asian or mostly Indian. Tata has called the allegations baseless.The Disney IT workers  were terminated because they were American citizens and all their replacements were foreign-born Indians,  said Sara Blackwell, a Florida attorney, who is representing seven of the Disney workers at its parks and resort division. She has set up an organizationto challenge the practice. Other discrimination claims, including age and disability, will be made as well. Those complaints are being filed with the U.S. Equal Opportunity Commission, which sees if a settlement is possible prior to any lawsuit.Disney did not respond immediately for comment. We need to protect American workers,  said James Otto, a California attorney who is representing a Disney ABC Television Group employee in that state. This complaint is being filed in California under the state s Fair Employment and Housing Act, which Otto said is similar to the federal process, but with more protections.Otto s client still works at Disney and had been targeted for an earlier layoff, but Disney rescinded those layoffs. Nonetheless, the complaints being made include a hostile workforce and national origin discrimination.Read more: Computer World",0
15113,“You’re Not Welcome!” Obama As Welcome At Roseberg Funerals As Westboro Baptist Church Members [Videos],"Roseberg residents and families of victims are speaking out against Obama and are repulsed by his obvious desire to use the deaths and injuries of their loved ones to promote his leftist agenda. Of course, he s going anyhow. It is of no consequence to him that basically the whole town wants him to stay away. Keep it classy Barry Maybe the Roseberg residents should make the same kind of human chain between Barack and the cameras that they do around the Westboro Baptist  Church  members at funerals Roseberg residents and even relatives of victims are telling Barack Obama to stay home and don t come here to dance on the graves of our loved ones.  You re not welcome! Tomorrow President Obama is scheduled to visit Rosenburg, Oregon, where 10 people were killed last week at Umpqua Community College by a deranged killer who happened to use a gun to carry out his crimes.We ve already reported on the repulsed reaction from the community as people who live there continue to reject Obama s visit. Now Stacy Boylan, the father of shooting victim Ana Boylan, is directly speaking out against Obama s visit and has no interest in putting up with his exploitation of the tragedy for political purposes. I do believe it was Rahm Emanuel who said  Never let a good tragedy go to waste,  and I really feel that his [Obama] visit here is to completely to support his gun control agenda. I can t understand why he wouldn t make a mention of the families and the victims. I mean, he did say that it was a tragic incident and I do thank him for lowering the flags but he made it all about gun control. He was very clear about that and we saw this in Sandy Hook and now we re seeing it again and I just question his motives,  Boylan said.  I ve spoken to my family and for myself and for my family, my daughter and son, on principle I find that we are in disagreement with his policies on gun control and therefore we will not be attending the visit. My position on this is that gun free zones are an issue, they re a target for crazy people because they know they re not going to be met with resistance. You know, my daughter said to me,  What if somebody would have had a gun?  Gun free and gun control takes that option off the table. Somebody doesn t have to use their gun in defense, but to take that option entirely, I don t think that s the right course,  he continued. Via: Townhall On Monday, David Jacques, publisher of the Roseburg Beacon, appeared on a Fox News segment with Bill O Reilly.He made it clear President Obama was not welcome in Roseburg and certainly not to crash the funerals of those killed in the Umpqua Community College mass shooting by using it for his own liberal agenda.https://youtu.be/F-fS9SBLTGkVia: Downtrend",0
15114,How Trump Just Answered This One Question Could Sink His Campaign With Conservatives [VIDEO],"Maybe Donald would change his opinion about this important issue if his home was threatened by an overreaching government I think eminent domain for massive projects, for instance you are going to create thousands of jobs and you have somebody who is in the way, and you pay that person far more. Don t forget, eminent domain, they get a lot of money. And you need a house in a certain location because you are going to build this massive development that is going to employ thousands of people, I think eminent domain is fine. It s called economic development. ",0
15115,BOOM! HARVARD BUSINESS STUDENTS Debate NY Inmates On Illegal Immigrants…Guess Who Won?,"New bumper sticker idea:  My inmate is smarter about immigration than your Harvard Business School student A group of New York inmates has toppled Harvard s prestigious debate team.It took place at the Eastern New York Correctional Facility, a maximum-security prison in Napanoch. The Ivy League undergrads were invited last month to debate the inmates who take in-prison courses taught by Bard College faculty.Harvard s team won the national title this year and the world championship in 2014.But the inmates are building a reputation, too. The club has notched victories against teams from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and the University of Vermont.Against Harvard, the inmates were tasked with defending the position that public schools should be allowed to turn away students whose parents came to the U.S. illegally. Harvard s team responded, but a panel of neutral judges declared the inmates victorious. Via: FOX NewsAlthough the Harvard Business School debate team got trounced by NY inmates, they were gracious enough to congratulate their formidable opponents in this Facebook post:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>This weekend, three members of the HCDU had the privilege of competing against members of the Bard Prison Initiative s Posted by Harvard College Debating Union on Sunday, 20 September 2015",0
15116,Clinton’s Server Employee On Hillary’s E-mails: ‘It’s covering up some shady sh*t’,"As Hillary does her best to deflect and stonewall the release of her e-mails, we find out that even an employee of Clinton s server company knew something  shady  was going on. Hillary wants all of this to just go away and is spinning the e-mail scandal like it s just another  right wing conspiracy . The e-mails from the server employee prove otherwise An employee of the computer company that maintained Hillary Rodham Clinton s  email server was questioned if he was part of a coverup, according to documents  released Tuesday. This whole thing really is covering up some shady s t,  the employee said in an Aug. 19 company email obtained by Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), chair of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The concerns by the Colorado-based Platte River Networks employee were aired after the Clinton camp ordered a reduction in the data stored during each server backup. The limits were ordered after the State Department contacted the former secretary of state in summer 2014 to inquire about her private email records. In October, the department sent a formal request to turn over documents. The employee was so suspicious that he sent an  email to a colleague asking for a copy of the email from Clinton Executive Service Corp. to document  their directive  to limit the number of emails stored.Via: NYP",0
15117,"After 7 Torturous Years Of A Wussified President, Ben Carson Makes Surprising Statement About What He’d Have Done To OR Shooter [Video]","Just call him  Bring it  Ben Ben Carson says he would have led a charge against the Oregon shooter if he were in the community college classroom when the gunfire erupted.  Not only would I probably not cooperate with him, I would not just stand there and let him shoot me. I would say,  Hey, guys, everybody attack him! He may shoot me but he can t get us all,    the soft-spoken Carson said Tuesday on  Fox and Friends.  The gunman, Chris Harper-Mercer, asked his victims at Umpqua Community College their religions before opening fire last Thursday, killing nine and injuring nine others. Via:NYP",0
15118,GOODBYE HILLARY? Here Comes Dumb And Dumber,"Can you believe it? The clown that can t keep his hands off of women and the faux Indian socialist could be pairing up for a White House run. We really are in the age of the low information voter when these two are seriously considering running and people are seriously considering voting for them. NUTS! Joe Biden has been making his 2016 deliberations all about his late son since August.Aug. 1, to be exact   the day renowned Hillary Clinton-critic Maureen Dowd published a column that marked a turning point in the presidential speculation.BIDEN GAFFES: Read more: POLITICO",0
15119,UNBELIEVABLE: IL City Denies Re-zoning Request For Islamic Worship Center…That’s When Obama’s Radical DOJ Stepped In,"Mums the word on Christian persecution in the White House.  Just let them get a whiff of possible injustice against a Muslim in America and Obama s radicalized DOJ is on it, like a dog on a bone In its latest effort to protect Muslim rights in the United States the Obama Justice Department is suing an Illinois town for denying a rezoning application to convert an office building into an Islamic temple. Failing to approve plans for the Islamic worship center violates a 2000 law known as the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act (RLUIPA), according to a Department of Justice (DOJ) lawsuit filed this week in federal court. The accused are lawmakers in Des Plaines, a Chicago suburb with a population of about 60,000. In 2013 the Des Plaines City Council voted 5-3 to reject a rezoning request made by the American Islamic Center (AIC) to make a vacant office building in a manufacturing zone to an institutional zone that would allow a worship center.The plan called for 3,661 square feet of worship space that would be used for prayer services on Fridays and Sundays as well as nightly prayers during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan when Muslims fast and commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad. The new temple would also be used for youth group events and other gatherings, according the rezoning application.In nixing the plan, Des Plaines aldermen expressed concern about the loss of tax revenue since religious institutions are nonprofits that don t pay taxes. They also cited traffic and safety issues for voting against the project.In its lawsuit the DOJ dismisses those issues and claims that the city s  treatment and denial of AICs rezoning requests constitutes the imposition or implementation of a land use regulation that imposes a substantial burden on AICs religious exercise.  Denying a city zoning change to accommodate a Muslim temple also discriminates against the Islamic group on the basis of religion, according to the feds. Attorney General Loretta Lynch wants the court to issue an order forcing Des Plaines to let AIC construct its worship center in the city. The ability to establish a place for collective worship is a fundamental protection of the First Amendment and our civil rights laws,  said Vanita Gupta, head of the DOJ s bloated civil rights division, in a statement announcing the lawsuit.  The Justice Department will remain vigilant in its mission to ensure that all religious groups enjoy the right to practice their faiths freely.  The federal prosecutor handling the case in Illinois said  the freedom to practice the religion of one s choosing is a precious right in our country  and the DOJ will continue to  enforce the laws that protect this important right. The DOJ s enthusiasm for protecting Muslim rights is in a class of its own, however. Back in 2010 Obama s first Attorney General, Eric Holder, personally reassured Muslims of DOJ protection during an address at a San Francisco-based organization (Muslim Advocates) that urges members not to cooperate in federal terrorism investigations. It was a first for the nation s top federal prosecutor to publicly condone illegal behavior. A few years later the DOJ warned against using social media to spread information considered inflammatory against Muslims and threatened that it could constitute a violation of civil rights.One of the biggest and most unbelievable moves by the DOJ came in 2012 when it issued a broad order changing the way the U.S. government trains federal agents to combat terrorism and violent extremism by eliminating all materials that shed a negative light on Muslims. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) actually destroyed instructional material that characterized Muslims as prone to violence or terrorism and hundreds of pages from the 9/11 attacks were purged because they were considered offensive to Muslims under the new initiative.In 2013 Judicial Watch published an in-depth report documenting and analyzing Islamist active measures and influence operations targeting anti-terrorism training in the U.S.Via: Family Security Matters",0
15120,WOW! BOMBSHELL BOOK Details History Of Hillary Beating Bill Clinton And Terrorizing Staff,"Poor Hillary she s clearly a victim of some right wing conspiracy. Everyone knows she s just a  concerned granny on a selfless mission to help the everyday American She s on a mission to be a softer, warmer, funnier candidate   but according to a new book, the real Hillary Clinton is so volatile and prone to violent outbursts that she terrorizes staff, Secret Service agents and even her own husband.In  The Clintons  War On Women  (Skyhorse), out Oct. 13, political strategist Roger Stone details Hillary s abusive behavior   dating back to the Clintons  days in Arkansas, where Bill served as governor. Hillary Clinton has a long history of being domestically violent with Bill,  Stone writes.  Hillary has beaten Bill, hit him with hard objects, scratched and clawed him, and made him bleed. Stone, a controversial figure who recently decamped from Donald Trump s campaign, also delves into the more fantastical rumors that have dogged the Clintons for years.Accounts of marital discord, however, have been well-reported for decades. Even Bill Clinton s former press officer Dee Dee Myers later admitted that she covered for the first lady.In March 1993, when Hillary flew to her father s deathbed in Little Rock, Ark., Bill entertained Barbra Streisand at the White House. When Hillary heard that the singer   an unabashed admirer of the president   had spent the night at the White House, she flew back home in a rage.The president was later seen with such a bad scratch on his neck that reporters were asking about it. I m the idiot who said he d cut himself shaving before I d seen him,  Myers told author Gail Sheehy in 1999.  Then I saw him   it was a big scratch, clearly not a shaving cut. Barbra Streisand was clearly around at the time. Arkansas state troopers assigned to then-Gov. Bill Clinton s detail had seen worse. Once, when Hillary awoke in the middle of the night to find Bill gone, she called the trooper assigned to Bill and demanded he bring the governor home immediately.She was waiting in the kitchen, and as Chris Andersen wrote in  American Evita: Hillary Clinton s Path to Power,  the ensuing fight got violent, with  shattering glass and slamming doors  reverberating throughout the mansion.  When it was over, staff members . . . [found] broken glass, smashed dishes and a cupboard door ripped off its hinges. Andersen also wrote that Hillary would assault Bill in their limo en route to official functions. Whatever was available, she d throw at Bill:  Yellow legal pads, files, briefing books, car keys . . .  They d be screaming at each other, real blue-in-the-face stuff,  one of their drivers said,  but when the car pulled up to their destination, it was all smiles and waving for the crowd. The Secret Service, Stone writes, got a glimpse of the domestic discord as early as Inauguration Day 1993, when Bill told her she couldn t take the vice president s office as her own. Hillary began Inauguration Day 1993 cursing and shrieking profanities at Bill,  Stone writes. This account was also documented in Gary Aldrich s book  Unlimited Access: An FBI Agent Inside the Clinton White House    as was her verbal abuse towards her Secret Service detail. Just stay the f k back   stay the f k away from me!  she d tell them.  Don t come within 10 yards of me, or else! Just f king do as I say, okay? Hillary, Aldrich writes, was incensed that a Secret Service agent refused to carry her luggage   not part of the job description. Such disdain was inculcated in first daughter Chelsea. As former Bloomberg News reporter Kate Andersen Bower wrote in her book,  The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House,  Chelsea could be as vicious and imperious as her mother. Chelsea was on the phone,  Bower writes, when a Secret Service agent walked in.  Oh, I ve got to go,  she told her friend.  The pigs are here. White House florist Ronn Payne recalled that agent turning  crimson. Ms. Clinton, I want to tell you something,  he said.  My job is to stand between you, your family, and a bullet. Do you understand? She replied,  Well, that s what my mother and father call you.  In 1999, at the height of the Lewinsky scandal, Hillary again assaulted the president.Stone cites Christopher Andersen s account:  Much of what transpired . . . was plainly audible to Secret Service and household staff members down the hall. In the past, Hillary had thrown books and an ashtray at the president   both hitting their mark . . . Hillary slapped him across the face   hard enough to leave a red mark that would be clearly visible to Secret Service agents when he left the room. You stupid, stupid, stupid bastard,  Hillary shouted. As editor and author R. Emmett Tyrell has reported, the verbal and physical abuse has not relented since the Clintons left the White House:  Sources close to the Secret Service . . . report that dreadful altercations have erupted several times,  and usually involve  yelling, screaming, throwing of soft and hard objects, breakage of vases and glasses and just plain nastiness. The newer, fuzzier Hillary will be a hard sell with voters, Stone tells The Post.  There s only one Hillary Clinton: she s the Ice Queen,  he says.  That s the real Hillary. The one you see in her campaign   that s the fake.  Via: NYP",0
15121,BOOM! Black Activist Calls Black CA State Senator “Racist” For Supporting Mass Immigration: “A real man is Donald Trump”,"Blacks in America are seeing the writing on the wall with the push for mass immigration to America and it s not a pretty picture. Barack Hussein Obama, America s  first black president  will do more to harm the black community in his reckless attempt to create a one-party system in America than any President in the history of the United States.The unnamed activists representing the Lost American Network group makes some great points:   We in the black community We have seen videos of (Senator) Hall calling other organizations out there that are predominately white,  racists.  We would like to send a message to him. We feel that he is not representing the black community, so therefore, we feel that he is  racist.  We wanna know why black politicians like him have turned their back on the black community.  Unemployment is up to 70%  Mass immigration takes away jobs and benefits from the black community.  Mass immigration takes away medical care and housing assistance for the homeless.Watch her outstanding message to Congressman Hall here:",0
15122,DEMOCRAT’S WORST NIGHTMARE: [Video] Sassy Trump Girls Are Giving Americans Easy Way To Switch From Democrat To Republican,"We love these ladies! YouTube sensations Diamond and Silk tell 100% FED UP Americans how to ditch the Democrats and switch to the Republican Party.They re not afraid to show their love for Trump, and now they re taking it one step further. They re pulling a trick from the Democrat Party playbook and teaching their viewers how easy it is to switch your party affiliation.Watch here: ",0
15123,Which GOP Candidates Own Guns And How Does The NRA Rate Them?,"Republican presidential candidates were asked if they owned a gun. Here s how they stacked up:A profile on each the remaining GOP candidates, including their NRA rating can be found here:Donald Trump owns a handgun. Here he is pictured receiving a ceremonial rifle at a military academy Photo: Getty Images Donald Trump appears to be part of a rare breed: a New Yorker with a handgun.New York City has some of the most stringent gun laws in the country and applicants for a gun license go through a lengthy process and must be interviewed in person by police.But a 2010 list of gun owners in the city showed Mr Trump had a carry business license, which allows him to carry a concealed handgun on his person. To get a carry business license you must prove you have a valid reason to carry a gun related to work   for example if you work with cash and might be targeted for robbery. It is unclear what reason Mr Trump gave in order to obtain his license but he could argue his public profile makes him a potential target.The billionaire was cagey during an interview with NBC earlier this year, saying he still had a gun and a license but it was  none of your business  if he ever used it. A spokeswoman declined to give details.Mr Trump has flitted between being a Democrat, Republican and independent in recent years and his positions on gun control have shifted also.In 2000, he wrote that he backed Bill Clinton s ban on assault weapons and supported  a slightly longer  waiting period for buying a gun. He appears to have recanted and no longer supports any new gun controls. The problem is once you get into that you start getting into a situation, the slippery slope, where all of a sudden you are going to really violate the Second Amendment. I don t want to do anything to violate the Second Amendment. Jeb Bush is one of the only Republican candidates who does not own a gun and seems to have little personal interest in firearms. But he was avowedly pro-gun during his eight years as governor of Florida and earned an A+ rating from the National Rifle Association (NRA). Mr Bush signed the 2005  Stand Your Ground  law, which allows citizens to stand their ground and open fire if they believe are they in danger, even if they have a chance to escape the situation.The next year he signed six gun bills into law, a package he refers to as  the Six Pack of Freedom .Mr Bush has been bullish on gun rights on the campaign trail and said in September that the US government  should not be involved in gun laws  and that regulations should be left to individual states. He has attacked Donald Trump for his past support for Bill Clinton s assault weapons bans.Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas Photo: AP The senator from Texas owns a .357 Magnum revolver and a Beretta Silver Pigeon II hunting shotgun. The Magnum is for self-defence while the shotgun is used for hunting trips, where Mr Cruz mainly shoots birds.His campaign declined to say whether he has a license to carry a concealed weapon.Mr Cruz was solicitor general of Texas before coming to the Senate and was involved in two landmark Supreme Court cases which came down in favour of gun owners.He is a favourite of the NRA as a result and in 2010 the gun lobby group gave him an award in honour of his  exemplary activities in the support and protection of the right to Keep and Bear Arms .Florida Senator Marco Rubio Photo: Javier ManjarresJeb Bush does not own a gun but his fellow Floridian, Marco Rubio, has a Taurus .357 Magnum revolver.The senator said he shoots two to three times a year with his wife, Jeanette, and has a license to carry a concealed gun. He bought the gun in February 2010 just as he was mounting his campaign for the US Senate.Mr Rubio was involved in passing the controversial  Stand Your Ground  laws in Florida while he was in the state House of Representatives but some NRA figures said they thought he could have done more on guns rights and he was given an A ranking in 2010. He talked the talk, but he didn t walk the walk,  Marion Hammer, an NRA lobbyist, told the Tampa Bay Times in 2009.Correction: The NRA initially gave Marco Rubio s rating as a B+. They have since said that was wrong and his rating is an A. We have corrected the story and the graphic to reflect this.Republican presidential candidate, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Photo: AP Photo/Cheryl SenterThe governor of New Jersey is one of just three Republican candidates who does not own a gun and he has often been at odds with the gun lobby.His state has a tradition of strong gun laws and Mr Christie has done little to loosen them during his time in office. While he vetoed a bill that would have limited gun magazines to 10 rounds, he has also said there must be a  balance  between gun rights and public safety. The NRA gave him a C when he ran for re-election in 2013.Mr Christie was excluded from the NRA s annual convention earlier this year and criticised the gun lobby group after it ran a television ad featuring Barack Obama s children.Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson Photo: AP Photo/Ross D. FranklinAn acclaimed neurosurgeon turned populist politician, Ben Carson says he is  extremely pro-second amendment .He owns a gun which he says is for self-defence and for protecting his home and family.While he says he does not shoot frequently, he did recently go trap shooting.Mr Carson was criticised by some gun rights advocates in 2013 when he suggested that semi-automatic weapons should be available in rural areas but not in major cities. It depends on where you live. I think if you live in the midst of a lot of people, and I m afraid that that semi-automatic weapon is going to fall into the hands of a crazy person, I would rather you not have it,  he said at the time.He has since called the second amendment  the baton of freedom  to be passed on to future generations.Rand Paul s campaign confirmed that the Kentucky senator owns multiple guns but, in keeping with his libertarian views on privacy, declined to give details.Mr Paul has an A rating from the NRA but was not invited to their annual convention this year because of his links to the National Association for Gun Rights, a pro-gun group that is even more strident than the NRA.The senator from Kentucky has linked freedom from gun control laws to his broader message of liberty.Republican presidential candidate Gov. John Kasich Photo: AP Photo/Jim ColeThe governor of Ohio has a Sig Sauer 9mm handgun and earned an A- ranking from the NRA during his re-election campaign in 2014.During his time in office he has signed several pro-gun laws and earned praise from activists in his state.But the relationship has not always been so warm. In 1994, when Mr Kasich was a Congressman, he voted for Bill Clinton s ban on assault weapons. The NRA gave him an F ranking in response and endorsed his Democratic opponent in the 2010 race for governor.  Gun owners don t ever forget things like that,  said Jim Irvine, chairman of the Buckeye Firearms Association.  But as governor he s signed everything he could and he s been very good on this issue .Lindsey Graham shooting an AR-15 Photo: FacebookThe South Carolina senator has one of the largest gun collections of any of the candidates. A spokeswoman said he has around a dozen guns including rifles, shotguns and a handgun.Among them is an AR-15 rifle stamped with the insignia of his Air Force unit. He also owns a Sweet-16 Browning, given to him by his father when he was a teenger.Mr Graham s campaign describes him as  an excellent shot  and earlier this year he took donors to a shooting range in Utah. He was given an A- rating by the NRA ahead of his last election in 2014.Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina Photo: AP Photo/Charlie RiedelThe businesswoman has six guns in her home but they belong to her husband, Frank.  My husband is the gun owner in our house,  she told the NRA in April.Mrs Fiorina said she is not a hunter or a target shooter but is a firm supporter of the right to bear arms.  It is our God-given right and it is our Constitutional right,  she said.She was given an A ranking by the NRA when she ran for the Senate in 2010. She lost to incumbent Democrat senator Barbara Boxer, who has been one of the Senate s most outspoken voices on gun control.Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee Photo: Getty Images The former Arkansas governor named his most recent book God, Guns, Grits and Gravy and wrote in it that  in the world that I come from and choose to live in,  gun control  means that you hit the target .He owns  quite a few  guns, and claims to have bought his first, a .22-calibre rifle, when he was only nine years old.He also owns more than one assault rifle. He says in his book that he hunts ducks with a Benelli Super Black Eagle .12 gauge, and deer with a Weatherby .300-magnum rifle.He opposes waiting lists ( anyone who needs a gun for self-defense probably needs it now, not two or three weeks from now ) and was the first American governor to have a concealed-carry license.His platform states that the second amendment is  the last line of defense against tyranny .A spokeswoman for the governor of Louisiana said he owns a gun but declined to give details.However, the staunchly conservative Mr Jindal s Instagram feed shows him and his family posing regularly with weapons.One picture shows him cradling a weapon at a gun store in Iowa. Mr Jindal suspended his campaign briefly in July after a gunman killed two people and himself in a cinema in Lafayette, Louisiana. He called for states to strengthen their gun laws to ensure that people with reported mental illnesses could not purchase guns.Republican presidential candidate, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum Photo: AP Photo/Evan VucciThe former senator from Pennsylvania did not respond to the survey but said in 2011 that he owned seven guns.An aide to Mr Santorum told the Daily Caller website that his favourite is a Kimber 1911 pistol.He has a lifetime A+ rating from the NRA after consistently voting against gun control measures.He took a break from campaigning in 2011 to go pheasant hunting in Iowa, and afterward spoke breathlessly about the moment his son John shot his first bird. There s only one thing better than getting a bird, and that s watching your son for the first time getting a bird,  he said.Republican candidate for president and former New York Governor George Pataki Photo: EPA/CJ GUNTHERThe former governor of New York keeps a shotgun at his home for hunting and protection.But that has not saved him from an F rating by the NRA   the worst ranking of any of the 17 Republican candidates.He earned the gun lobby s wrath in 2000 by signing a set of strict gun laws which banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. They were passed in response to a series of high-profile killings in New York, including a massacre on the Long Island Rail Road in 1993, which left six people dead.Via: UK Telegraph ",0
15124,Why Did CNN Doctor Killer’s Photo To Disguise His Race And Why Is The Press Scrubbing His Profile?,"The cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. The question Americans need to be asking is why?The Oregon murderer was a black male. If you don t believe us, look at the picture of his mother below:Birth Certificate Name is: Christopher Sean Mercer   07/26/1989.Mother: Laurel Margaret Harper   04/05/1951Dad: Ian Bernard Mercer   05/15/1960 Divorced in 2006REAL IMAGE (left)   CNN IMAGE (right)On the left is the selfie Christopher Mercer uploaded to his social media. On the right is how CNN presented the same selfie in broadcast stories about him. Why did CNN need to change the complexion (color) of their broadcast? Why is no-one showing pictures of mom, Laurel Margaret Harper.Why change to hyphenated name? Real name is Christopher Sean Mercer. Media using Christopher Harper-Mercer and Chris Harper-Mercer.Several months ago The Last Refuge shared the story of Eric Sheppard Jr. a radical  Black Lives Matter ,  F**k The Police  and Islamic radical who used a philosophy of black supremacy similar to the New Black Panthers. Sheppard gained brief notoriety when he held a U.S. Flag Stomping event at Valdosta State University.After his public exposure, and after the police filed a warrant for his arrest on firearms violations, and after he mailed a racist manifesto to a local Georgia Newspaper   while on the run, he was finally arrested in Tampa Florida by U.S. Marshals.Eric Sheppard s story disappeared from the headlines and never resurfaced. Yesterday, while reviewing the social footprint of Oregon shooter Chris Harper-Mercer, (aka Chris Sean Mercer) an almost identical world-view to Eric Sheppard Jr. was evident in Mercer s social media history.Chris Harper-Mercer, a mixed-race angry 26-year-old, was essentially the mirror image on social media as Eric Sheppard Jr.Mercer held sympathetic words and thoughts for the Virginia shooter Vester Flanagan, and similarly raged against white people, and expressed sympathy toward the Black Lives Matter movement. (Example Below):However, today almost all of that social media history is GONE -> Example Here. It is either removed entirely, and/or edited for content. How it could be edited is a mystery unless there is some other issue at hand.In addition, as several researchers have noted, anyone who held attachment to Mercer appears to be deleting the content of their association. Including Umpqua Community College itself.As D-Man was pointing out Mercer was part of a production class going to present a play at Umpqua Community College named  BLITHE SPIRIT . The play was scheduled to run later this month:From the cache Centerstage Theatre at UCCPlease join me in congratulating the team for our Fall show! This is going to be an awesome comedy to start out the year. This British comedy comes with witty language and spooky effects. We are especially delighted to feature our local star who is now based out of NYC, Josh Carlton! BLITHE SPIRIT, by Noel Coward Presented by UCC Theatre Arts Oct 30-Nov 8 CHARLES: Josh Carlton RUTH: Rebecca Miles EDITH: Abby Dooley DR. BRADMAN: Devin Barnett MRS. BRADMAN: Alexandra Duvall MADAME ARCATI: Rachel Fitzhugh ELVIRA, the Blithe Spirit: Chloe Quinn Understudy for DR. BRADMAN: Benjamin Jacobsen Directed by Stephanie Newman Assistant Director: Aaron Carter Stage Manager: Anna Mae Whatley Production Assistants: Alex Frier, Joel Macha, Mary Chitwood, Chris Harper-Mercer, Isaac Guerrero, Ashley Jakubos Lighting Assistant: Devin Barnett Special Effects: Jim Smith, Keith Weikum Program/Ads: Fred Brenchley Marketing: Travis Newman Other Volunteers: YOU! Get involved and have some fun!However, everything to do with that production has been scrubbed and deleted. Including the FaceBook page (since deleted) But visible on Cache HERE and more HERE (See FB page screen shot below).Being part of an Umpqua college production class and performance etc. would run counter to the seemingly preferred media narrative of Chris Harper-Mercer being a loner, no?Mercer has also apparently given a  manifesto  (another similarity to E. Sheppard Jr) to a surviving student of the shooting.Summary: The immediate on-line web history of Chris Harper-Mercer showed him to be a mixed-race, angry young man in general alignment with various radical racially aligned groups such as Black Lives Matter, Fuck The Police and Fuck Yo Flag   all of which carry a sentiment of favorability and ideological alignment with Islam which was similarly evident in the Ferguson protest movement.[ Against this backdrop shooting  White   Christians  makes sense. ]However, in the course of several hours (one media cycle)   the media narrative is selling a profile of a loner, mentally disturbed individual without any mention of his previous writings (deleted/changed), behaviors (hidden) and social tendencies (ignored).Why?Perhaps the answer lies within the response to the shooting from the White House where President Obama took quickly to the microphones to decry another school shooting without fully understanding the motive and intent.Watch Obama s speech following the Oregon mass shooting. His motive and intent in this video are pretty clear. His lack of concern for the victims takes a back seat to his gun control narrative:For entire story: The Last Refuge",0
15125,(Video) Hillary Clinton Bashes Trump In SNL Appearance But Avoids Talking About THIS…,"What a joke! Hillary decides to go on SNL and make it one big campaign commercial bashing Republicans and promoting herself. Not one mention of the e-mail scandal! That s pretty interesting and shows she s thin-skinned and SNL did everything to put her in the best light. Reminds me of the Palin bashing but I doubt Americans are buying this unfunny attempt at bashing candidates.The front-runner for the Democratic nomination appeared on the season opener of  Saturday Night Live  as a wise bartender named Val who pours a drink or two for, ahem, Hillary Clinton (played by  SNL  regular Kate McKinnon).Most political candidates play themselves on  SNL,  often for just a cameo in a sketch or to declare the show s famous tag line,  Live from New York   it s Saturday night!  Seldom do they go all-out thespian and play a character in a sketch. So, Hillary,  Clinton asks McKinnon,  what brings you here tonight? Well, I needed to blow off some steam,  McKinnon says.  I ve had a hard couple of 22 years. Asked what she does for a living, McKinnon says in imitation of Clinton s earnest monotone:  First, I am a grandmother. Second, I am a human, entrusted with this one green Earth. Oh,  Clinton says,  you re a politician. And just who is Val? Clinton deadpans,  I m just an ordinary citizen who believes the Keystone pipeline will destroy our environment.  Republicans didn t fare nearly as well as  SNL  began its 41st season. The opening sketch made fun of Trump and his wife, Melania, and a faux commercial pitched a pill that cures people of thinking they can be president   specifically low-polling GOP candidates Rick Santorum, Mike Huckabee and Jim Gilmore. ",0
15126,WOW! Look Who Just Knocked Trump Out Of The #1 Spot In GOP Poll,"This certainly isn t who the GOP power-brokers want to see in the top two Donald Trump has boasted that he s  leading every poll and in most cases big.  Not anymore. The latest IBD/TIPP Poll shows him in second place, seven points behind Ben Carson.The nationwide survey found that 24% of Republicans back Carson, compared with 17% who say they support Trump.Marco Rubio came in third with 11% and Carly Fiorina fourth at 9%. Jeb Bush, once considered a prohibitive favorite, ranked fifth with just 8% support, which was a point lower than those who say they are still undecided.The IBD/TIPP Poll has a proven track record for accuracy, based on its performance in the past three presidential elections. In a comparison of the final results of various pollsters for the 2004 and 2008 elections, IBD/TIPP was the most accurate. And the New York Times concluded that IBD/TIPP was the most accurate among 23 polls over the three weeks leading up to the 2012 election.The October poll, conducted from Sept. 26 to Oct. 1, included 377 registered voters who are Republican or registered independents who lean toward the Republican Party, with a margin of error of +/- 5 percentage points.Peak Trump? Other polls show Trump s support slipping in recent weeks. The Real Clear Politics average of six national polls shows him falling from 30.5% in mid-September to 23.3% by the end of the month. That average does not include the IBD/TIPP findings.  Things appear to be catching up with Trump on multiple fronts,  said Raghavan Mayur, president of TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence, which conducts IBD s monthly poll.  In addition to facing increasing attacks from other candidates, Trump s boycott of Fox News may have set him back,  Mayur said, noting that the poll was being conducted during Trump s self-imposed hiatus.When asked on CNBC about his slipping poll numbers, Trump said that  if I fell behind badly, I would certainly get out. Carson s gain comes after his controversial remarks on  Meet the Press  that he couldn t support a Muslim for president. See story here. Rubio s third-place standing shows he has gained considerable ground since the second GOP debate. But Fiorina, who was widely seen as having won that debate, has been unable to capitalize on it with Republicans. Via: IBD ",0
15127,What Megan Kelly Did For Trump’s Wife May Have Put Her Back In His Good Graces [Video],"Could Megyn s defense of Donald s wife Melania, put her back in the good graces of Trump and his followers? Watch her defense of his wife here:https://youtu.be/iSrsHt5nnWoTrump promptly thanked her on Twitter:Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart   always wanting to help people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 3, 2015h/t Weasel Zippers ",0
15128,Just When Hillary Thought The News About Her Couldn’t Get Any Worse…This Bombshell From Secret Service Agents Happens [Video],"How this woman is even trending in the polls should tell you everything you need to know about the Democrat party Good morning, ma am,  a member of the uniformed Secret Service once greeted Hillary Clinton. F  off,  she replied.That exchange is one among many that active and retired Secret Service agents shared with Ronald Kessler, author of  First Family Detail,  a compelling look at the intrepid personnel who shield America s presidents and their families   and those whom they guard.Kessler writes flatteringly and critically about people in both parties. Regarding the Clintons, Kessler presents Chelsea as a model protectee who respected and appreciated her agents. He describes Bill as a difficult chief executive, but an easygoing ex-president. And Kessler exposes Hillary as an epically abusive Arctic monster. When in public, Hillary smiles and acts graciously,  Kessler explains.  As soon as the cameras are gone, her angry personality, nastiness, and imperiousness become evident.  He adds:  Hillary Clinton can make Richard Nixon look like Mahatma Gandhi. Kessler was an investigative reporter with the Wall Street Journal and Washington Post and has penned 19 other books. Among much more in  First Family Detail,  he reports:  Hillary was very rude to agents, and she didn t appear to like law enforcement or the military,  former Secret Service agent Lloyd Bulman recalls.  She wouldn t go over and meet military people or police officers, as most protectees do. She was just really rude to almost everybody. She d act like she didn t want you around, like you were beneath her. Hillary didn t like the military aides wearing their uniforms around the White House,  one former agent remembers.  She asked if they would wear business suits instead. The uniform s a sign of pride, and they re proud to wear their uniform. I know that the military was actually really offended by it. Former agent Jeff Crane says,  Hillary would cuss at Secret Service drivers for going over bumps. Another former member of her detail recollects,  Hillary never talked to us . . . Most all members of first families would talk to us and smile. She never did that. We spent years with her,  yet another Secret Service agent notes.  She never said thank you. Within the White House, Hillary had a  standing rule that no one spoke to her when she was going from one location to another,  says former FBI agent Coy Copeland.  In fact, anyone who would see her coming would just step into the first available office.  One former Secret Service agent states,  If Hillary was walking down a hall, you were supposed to hide behind drapes used as partitions. Hillary one day ran into a White House electrician who was changing a lightbulb in the upstairs family quarters. She screamed at him, because she had demanded that all repairs be performed while the Clintons were outside the Executive Mansion. She caught the guy on a ladder doing the lightbulb,  says Franette McCulloch, who served at that time as assistant White House pastry chef.  He was a basket case. White House usher Christopher B. Emery unwisely called back Barbara Bush after she phoned him for computer troubleshooting. Emery helped the former first lady twice. Consequently, Kessler reports, Hillary sacked him. The father of four stayed jobless for a year.While running for US Senate, Hillary stopped at an upstate New York 4-H Club. As one Secret Service agent says, Hillary saw farmers and cows and then erupted.  She turned to a staffer and said,  What the f - - - did we come here for? There s no money here. Secret Service  agents consider being assigned to her detail a form of punishment,  Kessler concludes.  In fact, agents say being on Hillary Clinton s detail is the worst duty assignment in the Secret Service. Watch Hillary show her true colors when a reporter in Africa accidentally refers to Barack Obama as  Mr. Clinton.  Hillary doesn t forgive her faux pas and does her best to embarrass the reporter:After studying the Secret Service and its relationships with dozens of presidents, vice-presidents and their families, Ronald Kessler s astonishment at Hillary Clinton s inhumanity should reverberate in every American s head.As he told me:  No one would hire such a person to work at a McDonald s, and yet she is being considered for president of the United States.  Via: NYP",0
15129,(Video) Trump Gives BEST ASSESSMENT EVER Of Obama’s Failed Military Strategy,Presidential Candidate Donald Trump gets to the heart of why Obama s foreign and military policy hasn t worked. It really is the best assessment ever:  We Don t Fight For Victory. We Just Keep Going and Going  That about sums it up and is why we re NOT defeating ISIS. ,0
15130,This #GunControl Message Exposes Obama’s Disregard For Victims Of Oregon Shooting,BOOM! This meme says it all h/t Henry Payne,0
15131,HILLARY’S BIGGEST GUN CONTROL FAN LET’S LOOSE AT RALLY [Video],"Are there any real men left in the Democrat party? This Hillary supporter cheering for gun control would be the first guy hiding under the skirt of a woman packing heat if a crisis went down and he was in harms way. Criminals love gun control maybe that s why Hillary s out pushing it  This Hillary supporter has a hunger that only gun control can satisfy. https://t.co/rILuCoLpwH  Free Beacon (@FreeBeacon) October 2, 2015",0
15132,BRITAIN’S DAVID CAMERON Challenges Obama On Refusal To Admit ISLAMIC Extremist Violence Is Biggest Problem We Face,"Sorry David your tough talk comes a little too late. Britain will likely never return to her rich heritage and culture. Political correctness and bleeding heart liberals can assume the blame for allowing this tragedy to happen British Prime Minister David Cameron challenged President Obama with some blunt talk on Islamist extremism Tuesday during a gathering of world leaders at the United Nations to develop an international strategy for defeating the Islamic State and other terrorist groups.Well aware that Mr. Obama shuns the term  Islamist extremists,  the Conservative British prime minister reacted strongly at the meeting when the president, who chaired the session, advised the assembled foreign leaders to avoid profiling Muslims because  violent extremism is not unique to any one faith. Barack, you said it and you re right   every religion has its extremists,  Mr. Cameron said.  But we have to be frank that the biggest problem we have today is the Islamist extremist violence that has given birth to ISIL, to al-Shabab, to al-Nusra, al Qaeda and so many other groups.  Via: Washington TimesCameron talks a big game, but here is British Prime Minister David Cameron begging Muslim s to assimilate to Britain s culture and heritage and to not become terrorists:Like p*ssing in the wind .",0
15133,WOW! New Email (Pictured) Uncovered Shows Hillary Telling Top Aide It’s A ‘Good Idea’ To Lie,"Who s Ready For Hillary?Among the thousands more Hillary Clinton s emails that have been released are ones exchanged with her top aide that may just add to the dilemma facing the 2016 Democratic Presidential candidate.Among the latest batch are emails from her adviser Sidney Blumenthal.On December 6, 2010 he sent her an email including a link to a news story with the headline:  U.S. Orders Diplomats to Stop Telling Truth Clinton replies:  Sounds like a good idea! The emails also reveal that Blumenthal felt the former Secretary of State was  vindicated  over the Libyan uprising even though the Benghazi scandal was still to come.Blumenthal told her in August 2011 she had to go on camera to announce the  successful strategy  when rebels took control of the country. He told her to speak to the media even if it meant giving a speech from the driveway of her holiday home in The Hamptons. Blumenthal wrote:  First, brava! This is a historic moment and you will be credited for realizing it.  When Qaddafi himself is finally removed, you should of course make a public statement before the cameras wherever you are, even in the driveway of your vacation house.  You must go on camera. You must establish yourself in the historical record at this moment. The most important phrase is:  successful strategy.  But in hindsight such vindication never materialized. In fact, Benghazi has become the second biggest headache for Hillary Clinton after Servergate. Over the following months after that email exchange, Libya slid into civil war and a year later US ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed when the American embassy in Benghazi was overrun by militants. The ensuing scandal has been an albatross for the candidate.Clinton was forced to testify before a House Committee investigating the terror attack that killed ambassador Stevens and could still be recalled to face more questions. Meanwhile, Libya has become what the State Department has called a  safe haven  for terrorists and a main launching point for people smugglers sending migrants to Europe. Via: Daily Mail ",0
15134,NEW LOW: OBAMA RACES TO MICROPHONE To Capitalize On Oregon Tragedy…Couldn’t Find Mic When Multiple Cops Were Killed By Thugs With Guns [Video],"Somebody needs to point out to this incompetent Gun Grabber In Chief, that if someone in that college was allowed to carry a gun to class, we may not be talking about a single murder.Does anyone remember Barry running to the microphone after any of our brave law enforcement officers lost their lives to thugs with guns?Here s the video of our Gun Grabber In Chief who apparently couldn t even wait for the ambulances to pull away from the scene of the crime before he started up with his gun control rhetoric. This won t be information coming from me it ll be coming you. Newsflash Barry if it comes from the media, it s essentially the same thing as coming from you.  Obama says we know the majority of Americans say we should be changing our gun laws. Really Barack? Where do you get your data from Rosie O Donnell?We like to deal in facts Barry not in platitudes. Here are two of the most recent polls given to Americans by Pew Research in regard to gun ownership and gun rights. Barack couldn t be more wrong or in his case, more misleading. ",0
15135,"Trump Issues Warning To “200,000 man army” That “Could be ISIS ” [Video]","Before you blame Trump for not being compassionate how about we ask some of the Middle Eastern countries to open their arms to their fellow (mostly male) Muslims? When will the world community demand the same compassion from the citizens and government of the majority Muslim countries that are right next door to Syria? Donald Trump has said he would send home all Syrian refugees the US accepts, if he becomes president.The billionaire, who is the current frontrunner in the Republican race for the White House, told a New Hampshire rally:  If I win, they re going back. It marks a reversal in policy   earlier this month he told Fox News the US should take in more refugees.A migrant crisis has gripped parts of Europe and the US has pledged to take 10,000 refugees from Syria next year.Half a million people have crossed the Mediterranean into Europe in 2015, with the largest number from Syria, where 250,000 people have been killed in a civil war.On Wednesday night, Mr Trump told an audience at Keene High School:  I hear we want to take in 200,000 Syrians. And they could be   listen, they could be Isis [Islamic State]. Describing them as a  200,000-man army , he later added:  I m putting the people on notice that are coming here from Syria as part of this mass migration, that if I win, if I win, they re going back. Asked whether he thought some of the migrants travelling into Europe should be allowed in the US, the business mogul said:  I hate the concept of it, but on a humanitarian basis, with what s happening, you have to. He blamed President Barack Obama for the crisis and added:  It s living in hell in Syria. They are living in hell. ",0
15136,Christians Warned By Obama: Religious Freedom Takes A Backseat To Gay Rights,"Obama spoke to a LGTB group a few days ago where he expressed his  genuine concerns  regarding religious institutions but that gay rights come before religious freedom. It s obvious Obama s taking a swipe at the Kim Davis case. The Pope met with Kim Davis and gave her encouragement but did the Pope discuss religious freedom and gay rights with Obama? As soon as the Pope took off for Rome, Obama lets it rip on gay rights. Demonizing those who are religious and those who choose not to support the gay community is typical Obama he ll forever be remembered as THE GREAT DIVIDER who really doesn t want to find common ground. I guess that s what old radicals are REALLY good at! We affirm that we cherish our religious freedom and are profoundly respectful of religious traditions,  he insisted during a dramatic speech at a LGTB fundraiser in New York City on Sunday night, praising the progress made on gay rights under his administration.  But we also have to say clearly that our religious freedom doesn t grant us the freedom to deny our fellow Americans their constitutional rights. The fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee was specifically billed as an  LGBT gala  held in New York City in coordination with Obama s trip to the United Nations Assembly.During his speech, Obama asserted that his administration was respecting what he described as  genuine concerns  of religious institutions but suggested that Republicans were using the issue just to earn more votes, as they did in 2004. America has left the leaders of the Republican Party behind,  he declared proudly.He ridiculed Ben Carson for suggesting that  prison turns you gay  and added that another Republican candidate had boasted of his introduction of a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage, likely referring to Sen. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96%.Alluding to Gov. Mike Huckabee, Obama mocked a candidate who said that  Americans should just disobey the Supreme Court s ruling entirely. I m sure he loves the Constitution   except for Article III,  Obama said mockingly.  And maybe the Equal Protection Amendment. And 14th Amendment, generally. Debbie Wasserman Shultz was in attendance at the fundraiser, and Star Trek s George Takei also was expected to attend.Obama proudly told the audience that he would not back down in his efforts to make progress for the LGBT community, and called for all of them to remain vigilant to hold the line on important legal gains in the country. What makes America special is, is that though sometimes we zig and zag, eventually hope wins out,  he said.  But it only wins out because folks like you put your shoulder behind the wheel and push it in that direction. Via: Breitbart",0
15137,Colin Powell Jokes About Why He’s Still A Republican…Not Funny!,"Colin Powell believes he s fooled us all into thinking he s a Republican. Nice try! We know one thing for sure, he s a total a@@ when it comes to speaking out of both sides of his mouth. What a phony who s just like other politicians who aren t conservatives but put on a charade like they are. This guy is the definition of a bitter has-been who NEVER was a true conservative in the first place. I want to continue to be a Republican because it annoys them    Former Secretary of State Colin PowellFormer Secretary of State Colin Powell joked that he identifies as a Republican to annoy the GOP s right-wing. Yes, I m still a Republican,  he said about his party affiliation during the Washington Ideas Forum in Washington, D.C., according to the Daily Mail. I want to continue to be a Republican because it annoys them,  Powell quipped to host Walter Isaacson. I think the party has shifted much further right than where the country is and it should be obvious to party leaders that they cannot keep saying and doing the things that they were doing and hope to be successful in national-level election in the future, not just in 2016,  he added.Powell said a small faction in the GOP is alienating voters with their rhetoric on immigration. I think most Republicans understand that we need immigration, we are an immigrant nation [and that] it is in our best interest to do it,  he said. But there are pockets of intolerance within the Republican Party [and] the Republican Party had better figure out how to defeat that. Via: The Hill",0
15138,(Video) Colonel Ralph Peters Hammers Obama on Putin and Russian Airstrikes in Syria: “…our president is a deer caught in the headlights of history.”," In almost 7 years this president hasn t learned that words don t stop bullets. He is fundamentally out of touch with human reality, with the reality of history, with the reality of warfare, and Vladimir Putin   ruthless and vicious and ugly though he is   he s the one that s on the side of history, now. Not us. We re clinging to 20th century platitudes, and Putin is changing the world. CHANGING THE WORLD, as we do nothing. Putin is a man of action and God help us   our president is a deer caught in the headlights of history.  ",0
15139,RAND PAUL Picks Fight With Wrong Senator: Says Cruz Is “Pretty Much Done” In Senate Because He Won’t Get Along [VIDEO],"Here s a newsflash Rand We re not looking for a guy who can win a popularity contest in Washington to be our next President. We re actually looking for a candidate who is willing to stand up to politicians who ve forgotten who they came to Washington DC to represent We really do love much of what Rand stands for, but his comments about Senator Cruz couldn t have been more off base.Sen. Rand Paul on Tuesday said fellow Republican presidential candidate Ted. Cruz is  done for  in the Senate. Ted has chosen to make this really personal and chosen to call people dishonest in leadership and call them names, which really goes against the decorum and also against the rules of the Senate, and as a consequence, he can t get anything done legislatively,  Paul told Fox News Radio.  He is pretty much done for and stifled and it s really because of personal relationships, or lack of personal relationships, and it is a problem. Don t get us wrong We happen to agree with Senator Rand Paul on a lot of things. Picking on one of the most courageous men in Washington DC however, was not a very good idea especially when there is video footage like this that can be easily accessed:Paul, a Kentucky Republican who has had the backing of his home-state senior senator, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, despite some tough policy differences, had been asked about Cruz s inability to even muster the support of 11 senators to secure a roll call vote on a procedural motion designed to amend the continuing resolution to keep the government running.The Senate s set to vote on passage of that measure at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, the last day of the federal government s 2015 fiscal year. I approach things a little different, I am still just as hardcore in saying what we are doing, I just chose not to call people liars on the Senate floor and it s just a matter of different perspectives on how best to get to the end result,  Paul said in the interview.Paul backed McConnell s 2014 re-election bid. Cruz had accused McConnell of lying to him about the way forward for the revival of the Export-Import Bank in the Senate.Like Cruz, Paul opposes the CR advanced by McConnell to avoid a shutdown later in the week. But Paul has focused his criticism on the use of the stopgap spending vehicles. Paul would have rather seen more pressure put on Democrats to advance the dozen individual appropriation bills. I would defund not only Planned Parenthood but hundreds and hundreds of regulations, hundreds and hundreds of wasteful programs. I would take them all out, put them on the table and say  You know what Democrats, it doesn t take 60 votes to defund something, it s actually going to take 60 votes to fund any of these programs,  vote on them one at a time and we will see how many of these crazy programs get 60 votes. My guess would be very few, but that would take the courage to let the spending expire and start anew and let new programs all require 60 votes to pass,  Paul said.McConnell signaled Tuesday he intends to call additional votes on the regular fiscal 2016 spending bills, though there was no evidence Democrats accede to that proposal without a big budget agreement between the two parties. Via: Roll CallIf you want to see why Ted Cruz isn t the most popular guy in Washington DC, watch this video that was taken only two days ago on the Senate floor. Watch this, and you ll know why conservatives who are sick of politicians who leave their spines in their home states with their campaign promises love this guy:",0
15140,Hummm…Where Are Hillary and Bill’s Missing Millions?,"Remember the report that came out after Hillary left her position as Secretary of State? There was missing money $6 billion couldn t be accounted for. How does $6 billion just vanish? It seems like this is the usual thing with the Clintons. The Clinton Global Foundation also was missing money. Yes, a whopping $17 million went missing! I think we have a couple of Arkansas Grifters on our hands Since Bill and Hillary Clinton left the White House in 2001, they have earned more than $230 million. But in federal filings the Clintons claim they are worth somewhere between $11 million and $53 million. After layering years of disclosures on top of annual tax returns, Forbes estimates their combined net worth at $45 million. Where did all of the money go? No one seems to know, and the Clintons aren t offering any answers.From 2001 to 2014 the power couple spent $95 million on taxes. Hillary s 2008 presidential run cost her $13 million. Their two homes cost a combined $5 million, and the Clintons have given away $22 million to charity. All of this is according to FEC filings, property records and years of tax returns. Add it up and you get $135 million. If the Clintons made $230 million, spent $135 million and have just $45 million left over, what happened to the other $50 million? That s kind of strange,  says Joe Biden s accountant, Walter Deyhle.  You have to report all of your assets. You have to report assets that are owned by your spouse. It seems unlikely that the Clintons could have spent all of it. Over 14 years $50 million averages out to $3.6 million in extra expenses per year, or $9,800 per day. Read the rest:Forbes explores some possible explanations for the missing money but dares not touch on one likely possibility  that when you re running a criminal enterprise the size and scope of the Clinton Foundation, there are many, many people whose silence must be bought, and such folks don t come cheap.It s also possible that Bill s sexual shenanigans have resulted in out-of-court settlements in exchange for confidentiality agreements.And of course, political influence can be a two way street. While we assume that foreign entities have paid vast sums to the Clintons in exchange for favors, the Clintons themselves may have had to shell out money in exchange for access. Read more: Blur Brain",0
15141,(Video) Clinton Supporters REALLY Like The Trump Tax Plan,"Donald Trump recently came out with his proposal for a new tax plan. Every politician comes out with his own plans and proposals, but Jimmy wondered if voters pay any attention to the specifics. So we went out on the street and found people who claimed to support Hillary Clinton and asked those people about her tax plan. What they didn t know is that the tax plan we presented them with was not Hillary Clinton s. It was Donald Trump s. ",0
15142,TOP 10 PICTURES : Putin Vs. “Mommy Pants” Obama,"Our  red line  President continues to lose relevance on the international stage, as Putin starts to look more like a world leader. Is it any wonder the most tough talking presidential candidates are at the top of every poll in America? We The People are sick and tired of watching the wussification of America taking place with our Wuss In Chief leading the way. The humorous pictures below pretty much sum up the way Obama is being seen by the international community verses the position of strength we have always maintained.We are not endorsing or condoning the actions of Vladimir Putin with these memes. They are intended to point out Putin s obvious position of strength vs. the position of weakness that Obama has assumed.Putin wants an  anti-Hitler-style coalition  that will destroy ISIS. He claims backing Assad is the only way to defeat Islamic terrorists in the Middle East and Syria.Barack Obama and Prime Minister David Cameron insist instead on defeating Bahsar Assad. Most of the world meanwhile would likely agree that ISIS is who we should be focusing on right now. America needs to be asking why Obama is still treating them like a jayvee team Here are some zingers that have made our top 10 list of best Obama (Mommy Pants) VS Putin memes:#1#2 #3#4#5#6#7#8#9#10",0
15143,(Video) Watch Presidential Candidate Donald Trump And FOX’s Bill O’Reilly Go At It,Both of these guys are honest so it s good to see a refreshingly candid discussion with Trump and O Reilly. ,0
15144,"BREAKING: Pope Met Privately With Enemy Of Left, Kim Davis","Is the Pope s defense of same sex marriage the straw the will break the camel s back for the godless left? Washington, DC   Media is buzzing about the Pope s comments in support of conscientious objection and whether he knows about the Rowan County, Kentucky, Clerk of Court who was jailed for six days for refusing to issue same-sex marriage licenses. The Pope met privately with Kim Davis and her husband, Joe, at the Vatican Embassy in Washington, D.C., on Thursday, September 24, which was the birthday of Kim s father. Pope Francis spoke with Kim and Joe Davis in English.During the meeting Pope Francis said,  Thank you for your courage.  Pope Francis also told Kim Davis to  Stay strong.  He held out his hands and asked Kim to pray for him. Kim held his hands and said,  I will. Please pray for me,  and the Pope said he would. The two embraced. The Pontiff presented Kim and Joe Davis each with a Rosary that he personally blessed. Kim s mother and father are Catholic, and Kim and Joe will present the Rosaries to her parents. Kim s mother was the elected Clerk of Court for Rowan County for 37 years until her retirement in 2014.Kim Davis said,  I was humbled to meet Pope Francis. Of all people, why me?  Davis continued,  I never thought I would meet the Pope. Who am I to have this rare opportunity? I am just a County Clerk who loves Jesus and desires with all my heart to serve him.  Kim said,  Pope Francis was kind, genuinely caring, and very personable. He even asked me to pray for him. Pope Francis thanked me for my courage and told me to  stay strong. The challenges we face in America regarding the sanctity of human life, marriage, and religious freedom are the same universal challenges Christians face around the world. Religious freedom is a human right that comes from God. These values are shared in common by people of faith, and the threats to religious freedom are universal. Kim Davis has become a symbol of this worldwide conflict between Christian faith and recent cultural challenges regarding marriage,  said Mat Staver, Founder and Chairman of Liberty Counsel.Speaking with reporters on board the Papal plane to Rome, Pope Francis told Terry Moran of ABC News that conscientious objection is a human right, even for government officials:  Conscientious objection is a right that is a part of every human right. It is a right. And if a person does not allow others to be a conscientious objector, he denies a right. Conscientious objection must enter into every juridical structure because it is a right, a human right. Otherwise we would end up in a situation where we select what is a right, saying  this right that has merit, this one does not.  It (conscientious objection) is a human right. It always moved me when I read, and I read it many times, when I read the  Chanson de Roland  when the people were all in line and before them was the baptismal font and they had to choose between the baptismal font or the sword. They had to choose. They weren t permitted conscientious objection. It is a right and if we want to make peace we have to respect all rights. The ABC News Chief Foreign Correspondent asked if that includes government officials as well, and the Pope reiterated that conscientious objection is a human right:  It is a human right and if a government official is a human person, he has that right,  Pope Francis affirmed.After the above statement of Pope Francis was published, some in the media wondered if the Pontiff knew of Kim Davis.  Not only did Pope Francis know of Kim Davis, he personally met with her to express his support,  concluded Staver.Via: Barbed Wire",0
15145,FAKE BOMB INCIDENT Wasn’t First Time Muslim Clock Boy Was In Trouble,"Even though the Muslim Clock Boy s attention seeking radical father won t allow the school to tell their side of the story, sooner or later the real truth eventually leaks out Before he was put in handcuffs for bringing a  homemade  clock to school and became an overnight celebrity, Ahmed Mohamed  racked up weeks of suspensions  and clashed with authority while in middle school, the Dallas Morning News reported.While attending Sam Houston Middle School in Irving, Texas, Mohamed  mastered electronics and English, once built a remote control to prank the classroom projector and bragged of reciting his First Amendment rights in the principal s office,  according to the report.Despite rumors about the 14-year-old s past disciplinary problems, Mohamed s status as a minor has prevented the Irving Independent School District from speaking out on the matter.Critics have argued that his past behavior may have influenced how school officials responded to the clock that officials thought could have been a  hoax bomb.  Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne recently told TheBlaze that the Mohamed family has ignored requests by the school district to allow officials to speak out about the case. The context, she said, would help explain why the situation progressed as it did.However, his seventh-grade history teacher, Ralph Kubiak, has become the first person to open up about the  weird little kid  that sat in his classroom. I saw a lot of him in me. That thirst for knowledge   he s one of those kids that could either be CEO of a company or head of a gang,  he told the Dallas Morning News.Kubiak also confirmed that Mohamed would regularly bring gadgets to school that were much more complicated than the clock assembled in a pencil box that recently got him into trouble.Via: The Blaze",0
15146,CASTRO IGNORES DISASTROUS COMMUNIST POLICIES That Destroyed Cubans: Blames World Leaders At UN Assembly For Allowing Millions To Go Hungry,"If Obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim Raul Castro the champion of human rights and justice What a dog and pony show.Cuban leader Raul Castro used his first speech before the United Nations General Assembly to lash out at the international body, saying Monday that member states have failed to produce much beyond an  illusion  of the human rights, justice and development promised in the charter.Castro made scant mention of last summer s landmark restoration of ties with the United States after a five-decade break, instead delivering a searing indictment of world superpowers for allowing millions to remain hungry, illiterate and at risk of death by curable illnesses while annual military expenses worldwide amount to more than $1.7 trillion. Barely a fraction of that figure could resolve the most pressing problems afflicting humanity,  Castro said.Castro received warm applause and scattered cheers when he made his U.N. debut, and several Latin American and African leaders gave him a standing ovation at the end of his remarks, in apparent approval of his narrative that Western colonialism and imperialism are at the roots of today s conflicts. He didn t name names, but his allusions to the United States and its allies were clear as he criticized invasions and overthrows, the  selective and discriminatory  approach to human rights, and the threat of climate change stemming from  an irrational and unsustainable consumerism. There have constantly been wars of aggression and interference in the internal affairs of the states, the ousting of sovereign governments by force, the so-called  soft coups  and the recolonization of territories,  Castro said.Via: McClatchyDC",0
15147,Ground Zero Mosque Was NOT Defeated: Three Story Islamic Museum And Muslim Prayer Space Will Take Its Place [Video],"Will the new 3-story Islamic Museum include pictures of Americans jumping out of their flame engulfed offices in the Twin Towers to their death? Will it include pictures of the thousands of Americans who lost their lives on 9-11 for the crime of living in a Western culture that is far from the stone age mentality of the hateful Muslims who killed them?Perhaps the 3-story Islamic museum that will be built on the hallowed ground of the Twin Towers in NYC will include photos from home, like pictures of a young woman being stoned to death for the crime of being raped. How about some pictures of women who graduated from school in Afghanistan? Oops!  We almost forgot, most Muslim girls are forbidden from attending school in Afghanistan. How about a special section designated for the tolerant treatment of gays? They could feature photos of all the tall buildings where Muslim men have been thrown off after being accused of being gay. How about a disfigurement and mutilation section of the museum with explanations of why Muslim men throw acid in the faces of Muslim women or why they cut the clitoris  out of young women.There could be a blasphemy section of the museum, displaying pictures of entire Christian villages that have been burnt to the ground over accusations that Allah was slandered. And for good measure, this Muslim museum on Ground Zero should have a special section dedicated to the thousands of brave men and women in the US Military who have lost their lives overseas in the fight against terrorism by Muslims.But we don t need to remind anyone why that fight began do we? Like a hard slap across the face, this 3-story Islamic museum and  prayer space  will stand on the very ground where a group of cowards, inspired by Islam, crashed into the Twin Towers, murdering thousands of innocent men and women. Or then again maybe we do Creeping Sharia   According to Bloomberg, while the original plans for a mega mosque at Ground Zero have been squashed (by capitalism), a mini-mosque and Islamic museum are still planned.It s been four years since Manhattan developer Sharif El-Gamal shelved plans for a 15-story Islamic cultural center, near Ground Zero, that drew international debate. He s looking to attract a different kind of attention for his current project on the site. El-Gamal s Soho Properties has proposed a 667-foot (203-meter) condominium tower at lower Manhattan s 45 Park Place.Adjacent to the tower, Soho Properties will build a public plaza connected to a three-story Islamic museum and prayer space to be designed by architect Jean Nouvel, El-Gamal said.That would be a Muslim prayer space, aka a mosque.He estimates that by the time the condo tower opens, the offices at the World Trade Center buildings will be filled with tenants, and retailers such as Saks Fifth Avenue will have opened lower Manhattan locations. The center of gravity is shifting toward downtown, and we are literally in the heart of this new downtown,  El-Gamal said.  Once all the scaffolding is down, and once all the office space is leased, this will be the most significant residential neighborhood in New York City. Watch this great video about plans to build a mega-mosque on Ground Zero:El Gamal states, indirectly, that the Islamic museum and mosque will be at the heart of the new downtown   after Islam destroyed the old downtown.It s unclear why developers and others continue to do business with El Gamal considering his legal and financial troubles.",0
15148,(Video) Yes! Cong. Chaffetz Announces Support For Cong. Trey Gowdy For Speaker!,What a fantastic choice!!! Congressman Trey Gowdy would be a fantastic Speaker of the House to replace John Boehner. It s like night and day! Gowdy is a man with loads of character! ,0
15149,[VIDEO] ANN ROMNEY WON’T SAY WHO SHE SUPPORTS FOR PRESIDENT…But Audiences May Be Surprised When She Offers Praise For This Candidate,"I think we can all agree that America believes Ann Romney would have made a great First Lady. She s respectable, thoughtful and kind hearted.Ann s remarks about a particular contender in the current crop of GOP Presidential hopefuls may surprise Hannity s viewers during this interview:https://youtu.be/Ezu5JHCsves",0
15150,DEMS TELL KANYE WEST TO SHUT UP AND SING: Banned From Giving Advice To Obama At Pricey Fundraiser,"It s nice to see freedom of speech is alive and well in the godless party of America Maybe Barack and the Dem s should listen to what Kanye has to say. After all, it appears after years of behaving like a vapid rapper, he s taken a liking to Dr. Ben Carson and his message to America: As soon as I heard Carson speak, I tried for three weeks to get on the phone with him. I was like,  This is the most brilliant guy.  But then again .that s likely the reason the Dem s don t want Kanye to speak If the Democrat party attempts to silence a popular black entertainer who supports a 100% black man for President (who grew up in the ghettos of Detroit) shouldn t Americans be a bit concerned about blatant discrimination?Kanye West, who says he s plotting his own 2020 presidential bid, will perform at a Democratic National Committee fundraiser in San Francisco attended by President Obama on Oct. 10.But don t expect West to unleash one of his rants: He ll be required to stick to performance only.A source said,  There will be restrictions . . . Kanye won t be able to lecture the president about how to run the country. West will debut songs from his next album,  Swish,  at the event, for which tickets cost up to $10,000.DNC member Robert Zimmerman quipped,  Kanye will be an exciting draw, especially compared to the Republicans booking Wayne Newton or Clint Eastwood. We all know how well that turned out. Via: NYPost",0
15151,BOOM! Planned Parenthood Activist Tries To Embarrass Carly Fiorina With Propaganda…Carly Eviscerates Her With Facts [VIDEO],WOW! This is the kind of woman the Republican Party has needed on their team for a long time. No more Mrs. Nice Guy Carly takes off the gloves and hits back hard against this liberal dummy who doesn t even realize she s about to enter an unfair fight ,0
15152,(Video) Obama Lectures Iran On Just About Everything: ‘Chanting Death To America Doesn’t Create Jobs.’,"Obama had a chance to speak of the horrors going on in the Middle East and to say so much more but he chose to behave like a college professor and lecture the Iranians:  That path is now available to a nation like Iran, which, as of this moment, continues to deploy violent proxies to advance its interests. These efforts may appear to give Iran leverage in disputes with neighbors, but they fuel sectarian conflict that endangers the entire region and isolates Iran from the promise of trade and commerce. The Iranian people have a proud history and are filled with extraordinary petition, but chanting  death to America  does not create jobs or make Iran more secure.  What a Putz! ",0
15153,IRAN MAY RELEASE 3 AMERICAN PRISONERS/HOSTAGES: Iran Demands 19 Prisoners To Be Released In Another Lopsided Deal,"While we re so happy to hear that 3 innocent American prisoners hostages may be returned. We re just wondering who the Obama regime is willing to release from prison and how 3 American hostages for 19 Iranian prisoners is a fair deal? Iran will work to free three Americans from its prisons if the US releases jailed Iranians, the country s president, Hassan Rouhani, said on Sunday. If the Americans take the appropriate steps and set them free, certainly the right environment will be open and the right circumstances will be created for us to do everything within our power and our purview to bring about the swiftest freedom for the Americans held in Iran as well,  said Rouhani, who is in New York for the United Nations general assembly.At least three Americans, all of them of Iranian heritage, are in jail in Iran including Jason Rezaian, a correspondent for the Washington Post who was arrested in July 2014 and accused of spying.The two other Americans are Amir Hekmati, a former US Marine who was charged with spying, and Saeed Abedini, a convert to Christianity who gathered a Bible study group.Much of Iran s judiciary is known for its closeness to hardliners, who are eager to scuttle the moderate Rouhani s efforts to reconcile with Western powers. Nothing would make me happier  than movements to release prisoners, Rouhani said.The US has regularly demanded the unconditional release of the three prisoners.Secretary of state John Kerry, when asked by reporters about Rouhani s remarks, said he has  yet to hear directly  from Iran on the idea.  We ve had some conversations but we ll wait and see where we are,  he said.For its part, Iran has sought the freedom of 19 of its citizens who are jailed in the US in connection with Washington s sanctions against the Islamic republic s nuclear program.Under Rouhani, Iran has reached an agreement with the US and five other powers to end suspicious nuclear activity in return for sanctions relief.While tensions have eased, Iran and the US have not had diplomatic relations since 1980, a year after the Islamic revolution toppled the Western-oriented shah.Another American, former FBI agent Robert Levinson, disappeared in Iran in 2007 but his whereabouts are unclear.Via: The Guardian ",0
15154,FULL INTERVIEW: Donald Trump Gets Down To Business On 60 Minutes,Scott Pelley is a total a@@ during this interview. Don t you wish 60 Minutes had been as hard on Obama and Hillary? It s so funny to watch Trump tell the truth and see the smoke come out of Pelley s ears. ,0
15155,US Spends Over $500 Million To Train Syrian Rebels And Give Them Weapons To Fight Assad…What They Did With Those Weapons Will Infuriate You,"It apparently wasn t shocking enough when the American taxpayer found out the Obama regime spent $500 million to put  four or five  fighters on the ground in Syria. This latest news just adds insult to injury A Syrian rebel commander who recently completed a U.S. training program has told the U.S. military that he surrendered six coalition-provided trucks and ammunition to an intermediary linked to the al-Qaida affiliate in Syria, known as the Nusra Front. U.S. Central Command said late Friday that roughly 25 percent of the equipment assigned to that unit was apparently turned over earlier this week in exchange for safe passage within the region.U.S. officials said the Syrians continue to insist that they have not relinquished any actual weapons to the Nusra Front and that all of their personnel are still accounted for.Air Force Col. Pat Ryder, a U.S. Central Command spokesman, said the command is looking into the incident.But the report contradicts information the Defense Department provided earlier in the day, which said reports of U.S.-trained Syrian rebels defecting and missing equipment going to the Nusra Front were incorrect.The report underscores persistent problems with the U.S.-led coalition s effort to train and equip Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State.Ryder said the Syrians had told the U.S. earlier Friday that no equipment or people were missing, but the U.S. found out later on that some of those assertions were wrong.He said providing equipment to the Nusra Front is a violation of the training and equipping program. In light of this new information, we wanted to ensure the public was informed as quickly as possible about the facts as we know them at this time,  Ryder said. We are using all means at our disposal to look into what exactly happened and determine the appropriate response. Via: UK Daily MailHere s what Republican candidate,Senator Rand Paul(R-K) thinks of our involvement in Syria (start at the 6:45 mark) : ",0
15156,LIST OF 18 MAYORS IN US CITIES WHO HAVE ASKED OBAMA FOR MORE REFUGEES,"18 mayors sent a letter to Obama telling him that they want MORE Syrian refugees. Is your mayor on this list?Remember Syracuse is the city that saw a beautiful Catholic Church become a mosque. I m guessing the mayor wants to see more of that because the majority of the Syrians to be admitted to the US through the UN are Sunni Muslims. Kind of ironic that they penned this letter when the Pope was here. Does he want more Muslims to take over more Catholic Churches worldwide?Clearly Catholic Charities and Mayor Miner of Syracuse do!From Syracuse.com:Mayor Stephanie Miner is one of 18 mayors encouraging President Barack Obama to accept additional Syrian refugees into the United States.Miner signed a letter, sent to Obama, that calls for an increase of the number of refugees the U.S. will accept in the next two years. Obama has already pledged to take 10,000 Syrian refugees and increase the overall refugee allowance to 100,000 by 2017. Our cities have been transformed by the skills and the spirit of those who come to us from around the world,  the letter reads.  The drive and enterprise of immigrants and refugees have helped build our economies, enliven our arts and culture, and enrich our neighborhoods. All 18 mayors are members of Cities United for Immigration Action, a coalition pushing for immigration reform. Along with Miner, mayors from Los Angeles, New York City, Pittsburgh, Boston and Chicago signed the letter. [I bet if you dug into this group, you would find it another George Soros-funded group. ed]Syracuse currently accepts between 1,100 and 1,200 refugees each year. Two organizations   Catholic Charities of Onondaga County and Interfaith Works CNY   resettle refugees in Syracuse. We have taken in refugees, and will help make room for thousands more,  the letter reads. Here are the 18 cities which need new mayors:Ed Pawlowski, Mayor of Allentown, PA Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Mayor of Baltimore, MD Martin J. Walsh, Mayor of Boston, MA James Diossa, Mayor of Central Falls, RI Mark Kleinschmidt, Mayor of Chapel Hill, NC Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, IL Edward Terry, Mayor of Clarkston, GA Nan Whaley, Mayor of Dayton, OH Domenick Stampone, Mayor of Haledon, NJ Pedro E. Segarra, Mayor of Hartford, CT Eric Garcetti, Mayor of Los Angeles, CA Betsy Hodges, Mayor of Minneapolis, MN Bill de Blasio, Mayor of New York City, NY Jose Torres, Mayor of Paterson, NJ William Peduto, Mayor of Pittsburgh, PA Javier Gonzales, Mayor of Santa Fe, NM Francis G. Slay, Mayor of St. Louis, MO Stephanie A. Miner, Mayor of Syracuse, NYVia: Refugee Resettlement Watch ",0
15157,Germany Displacing Residents To Make Way For Syrian Refugees: Nurse Shocked After Being Kicked Out Of Same Flat For 16 Years,"The Obama regime has already set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  (or social engineering), whereby the government decides who gets to live where and forces taxpayers to fund their scheme. Asking residents to move from their homes or apartments and giving their digs to other people the government feels are more deserving happened in Russia as well but that was when Russian was a communist oh never mind Having lived in the same flat for 16 years, a German woman is being forced to move out to make way for refugees, because building a new shelter is too expensive. The 51 year-old nurse, who has helped asylum seekers in the past, was shocked by the news.Bettina Halbey, who lives alone in the small town of Nieheim, received a letter from her landlord and the local municipality at the start of September, Die Welt newspaper reported on Thursday. I was completely shocked and I can t even begin to find the words to describe how the city has treated me,  Halbey told the German publication.  I have had to go through a lot of difficulties recently, and then I get this notice. It was like a kick in the teeth. Halbey will have until May 2016 to find a new place to live, along with her dog and her cat. The three-story building, where she rented a 90 sq/m flat will now be turned into accommodation for refugees, who are seeking to make Germany their new home.The mayor of Nieheim, Rainer Vidal, which has a population of just over 6,000, defended the decision to send the nurse packing, saying converting the building would be  the cheapest option. A new residential unit for 30 refugees in Nieheim would cost  30,000 ($33,600). This solution will cost me nothing,  he told Die Welt.Over half the population of Germany lives in rented accommodation and the country has laws to defend the rights of tenants. Normally, only a private individual can terminate the terms of a contract for personal use. A municipality cannot move into a flat as a legal entity, so the process is legally highly questionable,  Ulrich Ropertz, spokesman of the German Tenants  Federation, told the Telegraph. Via: RT News",0
15158,BREAKING VIDEO: Clinton Can’t Explain Discrepancy About When She Started To Use Private Server,"Lying, liar pants continues to fudge and hedge her bets on the short memory of the American voter. This just makes you want to take a shower dirty, dirty, dirty politics! The crazy thing is that 44% of American voters STILL like Hillary for president! Does the character of a candidate not matter at all? Unreal! ",0
15159,BOEHNER ANNOUNCES HIS FINAL ACT OF COWARDICE As He Steps Down Before Being Ousted As Speaker,"In his final act of putting Americans dead last, John Boehner will stand with Democrats in their rabid desire to keep the abortion industry humming. Because government funding for baby part harvesting businesses is exactly where American taxpayers want to see their hard earned money being spent. Well done John .U.S. House Speaker John Boehner vowed on Sunday that Congress will avoid a government shutdown this week and he would push through as much unfinished legislation as possible before leaving at the end of October.Speaking on CBS  Face the Nation two days after his surprise resignation, he said the House this week would pass a government funding bill now moving through the Senate, which does not meet conservatives  demands to cut off money for Planned Parenthood.Asked if passage would require Democratic votes, he responded:  I m sure it will, but I suspect my Democratic colleagues want to keep the government open as much as I do. Boehner resigned amid deep divisions among House Republicans over a range of issues including the handling of a Sept. 30 deadline to approve new funding for federal agencies and programs from education to national parks.Conservative Republicans, some of whom have called for his ouster, have insisted on punishing Planned Parenthood by withholding funds over allegations that the non-profit group improperly sold tissues harvested from aborted fetuses.But Boehner and more moderate Republicans have argued that such a move would not halt the bulk of the group s $500 billion in funding, which comes from reimbursements through the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor. Via: Reuters",0
15160,(Video) Congressman Gohmert Lets It Rip On Boehner: ‘Dictatorship for years!’,Cong. Louis Gohmert confirms what most conservatives knew about Boehner in this video. Gohmert ran against Boehner last year and now we know just how frustrating it must have been to work with Boehner who s really a Democrat at heart. He caved to every whim of Obama and is partly responsible for the mess America s in right now. ,0
15161,(Video) Donald Trump YUGE! Rally At Oklahoma State Fair With Duck Dynasty’s Willie Robertson,"Presidential candidate and front-runner Donald J. Trump gave a campaign rally at the Oklahoma State Fair today. The event drew thousands and even included a special guest, Willie Robertson of Duck Dynasty. ",0
15162,BEST TWEET OF THE DAY Is From @SooperMexican,"We LOVE this guy! If you re on Twitter and not following us #ShameOnYou! You can find us at: @100PercFEDUP  If you re on Twitter and not following @SooperMexican you should!So we have to accept illegal immigrants because ""we were all immigrants at one time""?Well, we were all fetuses at one time.   El Sooop rr!   (@SooperMexican) September 25, 2015 ",0
15163,A PICTURE IS WORTH A THOUSAND WORDS: A Lone Socialist Takes This Ironic Message To Trump,"We re gonna go out on a limb and guess that this young man s presence will only harden the resolve of most Trump supporters to support his campaign Lone Bernie fan before Trump appearance at OK State Fair. Tyler Woodfin, 21, OU student. pic.twitter.com/6YTAo4wYLr  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) September 25, 2015",0
15164,IF OBAMA HAD A DAUGHTER: [VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter Terrorist Arrested For Vile Threats Against Whites And Cops On YouTube,"Even though this #BlackLivesMatter terrorist clearly calls for the killing of Whites and cops in her YouTube videos, Latausha Nedd  denies it. No word yet from her mother yet on how she wouldn t harm anyone and doesn t have a racist bone in her body https://youtu.be/d3yWQLVqiOoA  BlackLivesMatter  activist in Clayton County, GA, was (finally) arrested after making threats against police officers on her YouTube channel.Latausha Nedd   who calls herself Eye Empress Sekhmet   was arrested for making threats against police officers and taken into custody. In the video of her arrest, she claims since her threats were on a YouTube channel, they were somehow innocuous. But Nedd has built up a pretty good resume of violent, racist and criminal calls to bloodshed.Here s the video where Nedd declares  open season  on the  motherf*cking crackers,  points a gun at the camera and shows images of white police officers.https://youtu.be/VMhrAmZPjJkWSB-TV is reporting Nedd denied advocating killing cops, even though that s precisely what she did. This is about a YouTube video? I ve seen worse on YouTube,  Nedd said from the back of a police cruiser.  All I said was defend yourself against people who want to kill us. That s all. I never said anything more than that. Nedd claims she s harmless. But according to police, her words are as dangerous as any weapon.Here she is protesting Stone Mountain with more racist, anti-American #BlackLivesMatter idiots: It s also the reaction she solicits or anyone solicits from people who may be listening,  Register said.Nedd remains in the Clayton County Jail, charged with making terroristic threats and transmitting those threats through social media.Nedd has been involved with the  BlackLivesMatter  movement for some time. Here s a delightful image of the young lady standing on an American Flag on Memorial Day.Via: DowntrendH/t  Weasel Zippers",0
15165,EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: How A Room Full Of RINOs Fell In Love With Rand Paul And Why Every American Needs To Hear His Message,"When US Representative and conservative rebel Justin Amash (R-MI) introduced his good friend, Senator Rand Paul, to a room full of Republicans at the Michigan Republican Leadership Conference on Mackinac Island, the guests continued to talk amongst themselves as though he wasn t even there. It was almost as though they had already made up their minds about Rand Paul before he ever uttered a word. They were clearly not interested in anything Justin Amash or his good friend had to say because, after all, they represented the obstructionists in the party. Rand Paul was just an isolationist like his father right?We got to the event late and by default, were seated only 3 tables back from the stage. We were just in time to catch Carly Fiorina s speech. Carly was riding high on new poll numbers that showed she had miraculously catapulted herself to the top of the field of Republican Presidential candidates.  The crowd went wild when Carly talked tough about ignoring Putin. In fact, the crowd seemed very attentive and fairly pleased with Carly s overall message, as they clapped like seals at all of the usual  I m going to fix what s broken (yawn) in Washington  Republican campaign talking points.It wasn t until about 30 seconds into Rand Paul s speech that we noticed the disrespectful chatter around the stage began to slow down. By the time Rand Paul began speaking about foreign policy, the eyeball rolling stopped, and you could have heard a pin drop in the room.We d like to share with you a portion of his speech in this video we took from our table. Leisa and I left that night feeling much differently about Rand Paul than when we walked into the room. He is smart, extremely witty and most importantly, he s committed to the same principles our Founding Fathers held so dear.After getting a chance to see many of the Republican Presidential candidates up close and hear them speak, Rand Paul came out on top in the minds of the voters who attended this 3 day event. Rand Paul received a hefty 22% of the vote, followed Carly Fiorina with 15%, RINO John Kasich managed to get 13.8% of the vote (although we re not quite sure why), Sen. Ted Cruz was at 13%, Jeb Bush had 9.7% of the vote, Sen. Marco Rubio got 8 %, and Donald Trump came in dead last with only 6% of the vote.Many of the pundits are attempting to paint Rand Paul as a  loser  and suggest that he drop out of the race and spare us of his boring defense of our Constitution. We hope that Rand Paul continues this fight and is able to get his message out to more Americans, who like the guests on Mackinac Island might be surprised to hear that most of what he says makes perfect sense.On a side note, we registered to vote and were told we would receive an email that would allow us to cast our ballot. We never got that email, despite sending more than one email to the MI GOP asking them to please send us our ballots. We won t say who we would ve voted for, but we ll give you hint it would have either helped the guy at the top or knocked RINO John Kashich down a notch. -Patty, 100% FED UP!",0
15166,TRUMP WOULD FEED CHINESE PRESIDENT MCDONALD’S…Obama’s Treat Human Rights Violators To Over-the-Top State Dinner With Facebook Pal Mark Zuckerberg,"While Donald Trump says he d take the Chinese President to McDonald s, it s clear that the Obama s pulled out all the stops for the Chinese leader at the State Dinner last night. The night was heavy on the Silicon Valley and Hollywood moguls like Mark Zuckerberg. Perhaps they were getting tips on how to employee more cheap labor.  PROM NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE!The striking difference in the attire of Mooch and the Chinese First Lady.  Did anyone else get the feeling it was Prom Night at the White House with the dress and hair Mooch was sporting?I know, I know, it s just that something s not quite right here maybe it s the hair and cleavage. Maybe Mooch is channeling her inner Beyonce. But that hair!President Barack Obama s lavish state dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping was supposed to be the social release after a long day of business. The head table told a different tale   bulging with the top brass from Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, DreamWorks and more.The 200-plus guest list for the Friday s soiree was a business-heavy mashup of Hollywood, diplomacy and corporate chieftains, with ballerina Misty Copeland s presence offering it a bit of a lilt.DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg, part of the East Room s high-octane head table, was asked as he arrived whether the evening was all about business or pleasure. Fun,  he declared, but he added:  I hope. For more than a few guests, the dinner was a chance to build up some serious chits with Mom or other family members who arrived as dates.  Empire  creator Lee Daniels and R&B singer Ne-Yo, who was performing later in the night, both brought their mothers.Clara Daniels, glowing in a coral gown, declared her date  my No. 1 son    but didn t specify if that was because he s the oldest of her two sons or because he came up with the dinner invitation. I am the most proud mom,  enthused Harriett Loraine Burts, mom to Ne-Yo. Then Burts looked for a way to escape the cameras, confessing,  I m not good at this red carpet thing. As for how he scored the invitation to perform at such a high-powered event, Ne-Yo theorized it s because he s got some  Chinese in my heritage somewhere. First through the guest entry hall for dinner were former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao and her dad. Faced with the fashion-forward question  What are you wearing?  Chao seemed momentarily stumped. Oh my gosh,  she stammered.  It s something very inexpensive. Copeland, who breezed through in a strapless metallic gown, had a similar response to the same query. I have no idea,  she confessed.There was no question about first lady Michelle Obama s fashion statement.She wore a black, off-the-shoulder mermaid gown created by Chinese-American designer Vera Wang.Xi s wife, Peng Liyuan, also a fashion-savvy first lady, selected an embellished silk gown in rich aquamarine.The  wow  factor was lower-key among seasoned state dinner attendees but still there nonetheless.Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said she d been to  many  state dinners, but added,  They re always fabulous. Chris Dodd, the former senator and current chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America, was asked if it ever gets old. Never,  he said.Ninety-two-year-old Henry Kissinger, the shrewd diplomat who served under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford, hustled through without stopping to comment, moving pretty quickly even with a cane. The decor in the big East Room included a 16-foot silk scroll depicting two roses that the White House said was meant to symbolize  a complete meeting of the minds. That may have been somewhat aspirational, given the sharp differences between the U.S. and China on a range of issues.But all of that was largely glossed over in the dinner toasts. Obama said that while some differences were inevitable, he wished that the American and Chinese people may  work together like fingers on the same hand in friendship and in peace.  Xi, for his part, called the state visit an  unforgettable journey  and praised the good will he felt from West Coast to East.Asian influences were everywhere in the dinner plan, down to the Meyer lemons in the kurd lychee sorbet. (The citrus fruit is thought to have originated in China.)Guest chef Anita Lo, owner of Annisa in New York and a past  Top Chef  competitor, is a first-generation Chinese-American from Birmingham, Michigan. The culinary team created a menu that highlighted  American cuisine with nuances of Chinese flavor,  according to the White House. Guests dined on wild mushroom soup, poached Maine lobster, grilled cannon of Colorado lamb and poppyseed bread and butter pudding.Via: FOX NewsRead more: UK Daily Mail",0
15167,(Video) Donald Trump’s Four-Word Answer To CBS Anchor When Asked Why He’s So “Thin Skinned”,"It s no secret that the press has been after Trump in a YUGE (Trumpspeak for huge) way. No matter what candidate you re for, the way Trump s been treated while other candidates have been promoted is disturbing. The main stream media has been blatantly promoting Carly Fiorina and Marco Rubio. The one-sided bashing of Trump proves that the elitist media and elitist Washington politicos can t stand that an outsider has the lead. Here s a clip from the 60 Minutes interview with Trump where he s asked about being  thin skinned . As usual, Trump doesn t skip a beat and tells the truth. Even if you don t care for Trump, he s certainly refreshing in that he gives no canned answers like the professional politicians. ",0
15168,CATHOLIC PARTIAL BIRTH-ABORTION SUPPORTING DEMOCRAT Steals Pope’s Water To Drink And Splash On Grandkids [Video]…You Won’t Believe What He’s Doing Next,"He did the same thing at Obama s inauguration Sounds like someone needs a trip to the confessional (and/or a psychiatrist) Rep. Bob Brady, a Democrat, supports partial birth abortion.h/t Gateway PunditBut wait the story gets even better:This is not the first time Brady has pulled a stunt like this, with the Philadelphia Daily News reporting he did the same thing after President Obama s inauguration, though he just saved that glass and did not drink from it.They also spoke to Representative Brady who said he had saved the cup and would have police dust it for fingerprints to prove it was used by Pope Francis.He also had police dust President Obama s glass as well.Via: Daily Mail ",0
15169,COULD BEN CARSON BECOME AMERICA’S FIRST BLACK CHRISTIAN PRESIDENT?," Stop allowing the progressives to drive God out of our land  -Ben Carson   Values Voter SummitRetired neurosurgeon and 2016 GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson urged social conservatives Friday to  stop allowing the progressives to drive God out of our land  and to stop letting  purveyors of division  split them up. What are our values?  Mr. Carson said at the 2015 Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C.  One nation, unity   let s stop letting the purveyors of division divide us up. You know what? They don t even care if you agree with  em as long as you shut your mouths and sit down,  he said.  I think it s time for us to stop shutting our mouths and sitting down. Also, one nation, under God. We have to stop allowing the progressives to drive God out of our land,  he said to applause.  We must be willing to stand up for it, because as they drive Him out, look at the direction that we re going in. It s a downward spiral   we need to stop it now. Here is Ben s amazing speech in its entirety:Mr. Carson s speech was well-received at the gathering. He has finished second behind Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, a 2016 GOP rival, for two straight years in the event s presidential straw poll.Via: Washington Times ",0
15170,"Saudi Prince Arrested In LA For Sexual Assault After Woman Seen Screaming , Scaling 8-foot Wall","Just a week after a Prince from Qatar was in hot water for racing his Ferrari down the streets of LA, a Saudi Prince is arrested for sexual assault. This case will be one to watch since the Prince doesn t have diplomatic immunity in this case.A bleeding woman screaming for help was seen attempting to scale an 8-foot-high wall before a Saudi prince was arrested this week on suspicion of trying to force a worker to perform a sex act on him at his hillside compound near Beverly Hills.Police were called to the gated property in the Beverly Glen area, within a gated community on Wallingford Drive, after a caretaker at the home reported a disturbance, officials said. After officers interviewed people inside, a 28-year-old man identified as Saudi prince Majed Abdulaziz Al-Saud was arrested on suspicion of forced oral copulation of an adult.Neighbor Tennyson Collins said a resident reported seeing a bleeding woman scream for help as she tried to scale the property s wall Wednesday afternoon.When Collins drove home from work after 1:30 p.m., police followed his car through the gates and onto the property, which he described as a compound. The website Zillow valued the 22,000-square-foot property at $37 million.Officers escorted about 20 people out of the house, many of them staff, Collins said.Police said Al-Saud was renting the home. Collins said various foreign nationals have been renting out the property for weeks at a time over the last year but that the biggest incident up to Wednesday had been a raucous party or two. One person who rented out the home stationed armed guards at the gates, he said. Obviously neighbors aren t happy about it, but it is what it is,  Collins said of the international visitors.Al-Saud was booked and freed on $300,000 bail Thursday afternoon, jail records show. He could not immediately be reached for comment.LAPD Officer Drake Madison said Al-Saud was booked after 4 p.m.The LAPD has a consul liaison division that checks with foreign nations  consulates regarding diplomatic immunity, said Capt. Tina Nieto. Police determined Al-Saud does not have immunity in this case, she said.Some foreign royalty do have diplomatic immunity, but it depends on the dignitary s status in his home country s government and the level of the offense he commits in the U.S., she said.Jail records show Al-Saud is scheduled to appear in court Oct. 19.Attempts to reach the State Department and the Saudi Embassy in Los Angeles were not successful Thursday afternoon.Via: Hollywood Reporter",0
15171,"ON THE MOVE: [Video] Iranians, Russians And Syrians Set Up Coordination Cell In Iraq","How many more days remain in our Community Organizer In Chief s term in office? He can t make golfing his full time job fast enough This week, former CIA director Gen. David Petraeus testified on Capitol Hill, warning that inaction in Syria carries risks for the United States. Russia s recent military escalation in Syria is a further reminder that when the U.S. does not take the initiative, others will fill the vacuum   often in ways that are harmful to our interests,  Petraeus said.FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE   Russian, Syrian and Iranian military commanders have set up a coordination cell in Baghdad in recent days to try to begin working with Iranian-backed Shia militias fighting the Islamic State, Fox News has learned.Western intelligence sources say the coordination cell includes low-level Russian generals. U.S. officials say it is not clear whether the Iraqi government is involved at the moment.Describing the arrival of Russian military personnel in Baghdad, one senior U.S. official said,  They are popping up everywhere. CNN Report Sept. 8, 2015:The Russians already have been building up their military presence in Syria, a subject expected to factor prominently in a planned meeting between President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York Monday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.While the U.S. also is fighting the Islamic State, the Obama administration has voiced concern that Russia s involvement, at least in Syria, could have a destabilizing effect.Moscow, though, has fostered ties with the governments in both Syria and Iraq. In May, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi flew to Moscow for an official visit to discuss potential Russian arms transfers and shared intelligence capability, as well as the enhancement of security and military capabilities, according to a statement by the Iraqi prime minister s office at the time.Iranian Quds Force commander Qassem Soleimani also was spotted in Baghdad on Sept 22. He met with Shia militias backed by Iran; intelligence officials believe he met with Russians as well.Meanwhile, a U.S. official described to Fox News how, over the weekend, the Russians were able to move 24 attack jets into Syria undetected.The Russian military flew 12 Sukhoi Su-25  Frogfoot  and a dozen Sukhoi Su-24  Fencer  attack aircraft in  tight formations  under the  steady stream  of the large Russian An-124 cargo planes that have been ferrying supplies from bases in Russia through Iran before traveling on to Syria, the official said.The large cargo planes appeared as  a big blip  on radar, but flying beneath them were  tight formations  of the smaller Russian fighter jets that used jamming pods and switched off their IFF, which would identify the aircraft to radar.The large Russian cargo planes have the capability to fly directly from Russia to Syria, but the smaller attack aircraft do not. The Russian jets did not have the legs to make it directly from Russia to Syria, and needed a base to refuel,  said the official, who spoke to Fox News under the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to disclose sensitive information.According to the Aviationist, the Russian cargo planes and fighter jets landed at an airbase in Hamadan, Iran, roughly halfway between Baghdad and Tehran on Sept 18-19.Fox News also has learned from U.S. military sources that the Russians have begun flying some of the Sukhoi fighter and attack jets from Bassel al-Assad airport, in Latakia, now a Russian forward operating base along the Mediterranean.The planes are not dropping bombs or conducting attack missions, but just flying around near the base, according to one official. The official also confirmed that Russian destroyers are in position off the Mediterranean coast.On Thursday, State Department spokesman John Kirby denied a U.S. intelligence failure led to U.S. officials being caught unaware of the two dozen Russian warplanes arriving in Syria. I can tell you that we ve been watching this very, very closely   and we have not been ignorant of what the Russians have been doing,  said Kirby.Asked Thursday about Russia s military involvement in Syria, Defense Secretary Ash Carter cautioned that without Russian support for a  political transition  in Damascus, it could  pour gasoline on the ISIL phenomenon rather than to lead to the defeat of ISIL. But just two days ago, Secretary of State John Kerry said the Russian build-up was consistent with defensive measures. For the moment, it is the judgment of our military and most experts that the level and type represents basically force protection, a level of protection for their deployment to an airbase given the fact that it is in an area of conflict,  Kerry said at the State Department Tuesday. ",0
15172,BREAKING: RINO RESIGNS…Boehner Announces He’s Leaving In October After Five Long Years Of Supporting Obama’s Radical Agenda,"Boehner s hightailing it out of DC just in time to push funding through for Planned Butcherhood without having to suffer any repercussions. Boehner also manages to avoid the embarrassment of being pushed out by fellow Republicans in the recent move by conservative Rep. Mark Meadows of NC who filed a motion to  vacate the chair,  which could have forced a no-confidence vote by the full chamber and un-seat the unpopular Speaker of the House Speaker John Boehner, who rose from bartender s son to the most powerful man in Congress, will retire at the end of October, ending a tumultuous five-year tenure atop the House of Representatives. Boehner, 65, planned to leave Congress at the end of 2014, one of his aides said Friday morning, but returned because of the unexpected defeat of Eric Cantor. The Speaker believes putting members through prolonged leadership turmoil would do irreparable damage to the institution,  the Boehner aide said.  He is proud of what this majority has accomplished, and his speakership, but for the good of the Republican Conference and the institution, he will resign the Speakership and his seat in Congress, effective October 30.  On Thursday evening as he left the Capitol, Boehner (R-Ohio) told two reporters   one from POLITICO and another from the Washington Post   that he had nothing left to accomplish after he brought Pope Francis to the Capitol. When asked if he was resigning, Boehner laughed before exiting into an awaiting SUV with his Capitol Police detail.Boehner came into power on the momentum of the 2010 tea party wave, but it was that movement that gave him the most problems. Boehner s tenure will be remembered for his internal political battles, but also his complicated relationship with President Barack Obama. He and Obama tried   but repeatedly failed   to cut a deal on a massive fiscal agreement. But Boehner has had some significant victories, including the free-trade deal that Congress passed this year, and changes to entitlement systems.Now that he doesn t have internal political considerations to weigh, Boehner is certain to push through a government-funding bill next week that funds Planned Parenthood, and keeps the government open.Boehner s decision, relayed in a closed Republican meeting Friday morning, will set off one of the most intense leadership scrambles in modern Congressional GOP politics. Second in line is House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), who is widely expected to serve as the next speaker. But there is serious unrest in the House Republican ranks, as a small clutch of conservatives have continuously clashed with more establishment Republican types. But it is unclear if any of these figures can win a leadership election. Via: Politico ",0
15173,POPE MAKES VISIT TO NUNS OBAMA REGIME IS SUING For Not Conforming To Obamacare Contraception Mandate,"Leave it to our Community Organizer In Chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateIf Obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the United States illegally?  Pope Francis paid a short visit to the Little Sisters of the Poor community in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday to support them in their court case over the contraception mandate, the Vatican s spokesman revealed.It was a  short visit that was not in the program,  Father Federico Lombardi, director of the Holy See Press Office, said at an evening press conference during the papal visit to the nation s capital. This is a sign, obviously, of support for them  in their court case, he affirmed.The sisters have filed a lawsuit against the Obama administration for its 2012 mandate that employers provide insurance coverage for birth control, sterilizations, and drugs that can cause abortions in employee health plans. The sisters have maintained that to provide this coverage would violate their religious beliefs.Even after the Obama administration modified the rules as an  accommodation  for objecting organizations, the sisters held that the revised rules would force them to violate their consciences.The majority of a three-judge panel for the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in July that the Little Sisters of the Poor did not establish that the mandate was a  substantial burden  on their free exercise of religion, and thus ruled they still had to abide by the mandate.The papal visit was not on the official schedule for Pope Francis  Washington, D.C. visit, which included Wednesday visits to the White House, a midday prayer service with the U.S. bishops at St. Matthew s Cathedral, and the canonization mass for St. Junipero Serra at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.It was a  little addition to the program, but I think it has an important meaning,  Fr. Lombardi said.He added that the visit  is connected  to  the words that the Pope has said in support of the position of the bishops of the United States in the speech to President Obama and also in the speech to the bishops. Pope Francis, with President Obama at the White House, called religious freedom  one of America s most precious possessions  and had hearkened to the U.S. bishops  defense of religious freedom.  All are called to be vigilant, precisely as good citizens, to preserve and defend that freedom from everything that would threaten or compromise it,  he had said.In response to the news of the visit with the sisters, Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville, president of the U.S. Bishops Conference, said that he was  so pleased  to hear of the visit. As you know the last thing the Little Sisters of the Poor want to do is sue somebody. They don t want to sue in court,  he insisted.  They simply want to serve people who are poor and elderly, and they want to do it in a way that doesn t conflict with their beliefs.Via: Catholic News Agency",0
15174,HUCKABEE NAILS IT: Says Obama’s Radical List Of Invited Guests To Meet Pope Proves His Fake Christianity," Welcoming a pro-life, pro-marriage leader at the White House with a crowd of abortion and gay rights activists, is as classy as hosting an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting with an open bar. Mike Huckabee said Tuesday that Barack Obama  pretends to be a Christian,  after the president s guest list for Pope Francis  White House welcome ceremony included a short list of Catholics and other Christians who haev visibly parted with Church doctrine. Huckabee told Newsmax TV that he is  concerned about a guy that believes he s a Christian, and pretends to be and then says he is, but does things that makes it very difficult for people to practice their Christian faith. I m disappointed if a person says,  I m a Christian,  but you invite the Pope into your home and then you invite a whole bunch of people who are at odds with the Catholic Church policy. I think there s something very unseemly about that. The guest list for Wednesday morning s pomp and circumstance on the South Lawn of the White House included a pro-choice nun, a transgender woman and an openly gay retired Episcopal bishop   plus a Roman Catholic teacher from suburban Philadelphia who was fired this year for marrying her girlfriend.Gene Robinson, the first openly gay Episcopal bishop, divorced his partner last year after previously divorcing his first spouse, a woman.Margie Winters, the suburban Philadelphia educator, said Monday that she hoped the pontiff would address issues facing gay Catholics during his visit to the U.S.The 50-year-old Winters lost her job as religious instruction director at Waldron Mercy Academy in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in June over her 2007 same-sex marriage.Winters says the school principal knew she was gay and married to Andrea Vettori, clinical director at a health center for the homeless, when she was hired eight years ago.Her invitation to join a crowd of 11,000 on Wednesday morning came via the Human Rights Campaign, an gay-rights activist group.Huckabee was answering a question Tuesday night about whether Muslim politicians should be disqualified from running for president. There is no religious test for a person to hold public office in America,  he said.  I m less concerned about what faith a person has. I m more concerned about the authenticity of their faith and how that plays out in their policies. Huckabee lashed out at Obama on Tuesday in an essay published by The Daily Caller, saying he  shows total disrespect to millions of Americans by transforming Pope Francis  White House visit into a politicized cattle call for gay and pro-abortion activists. Via: UK Daily Mail Online",0
15175,BREAKING: [VIDEO] Controversial Mayor Who Refused To Allow Sharia Law In Texas City Where Muslim Clock Boy Went To School Explains Why School Can’t Tell Their Side Of Story,"There s always another side that s usually being buried by the mainstream media in order to promote a leftist agenda Media coverage on Ahmed  Bomb-Clock  Mohamed has been remarkably one-sided, with the Mohamed family and the media spinning a tale of Islamophobia and overreaction.However, in an appearance on Glenn Beck s The Blaze TV last night, the mayor of the city where Mohamed goes to school painted a starkly different picture. Among other revelations were her claims that the Mohamed family had stonewalled her and seemed more interested in talking with the Council on American-Islamic Relations and related groups than with city officials.Irving, Texas, Mayor Beth Van Duyne said that, since Mohamed is a juvenile, they cannot release the records of what caused police to arrest him. She says that the family has refused to allow those records to be released, according to Townhall.com. The (Irving) school district, a number of times, has asked the family to release the records, so that you can have the balanced story out there,  Van Duyne said.  The family is ignoring the request from the ISD. The mayor said the records would  help to describe why it progressed as it did. Nobody is going to walk in and say,  Oh you re a 14-year old child, you re totally cooperating, we have all the answers we need, let s arrest you,  Van Duyne said, adding she had information that Mohamed was being  passive aggressive  and  non-responsive  when police questioned him.Van Duyne also noted that the family seemed more interested in seeking press than resolving the issue. We had tried to reach out to the family a number of times; this was before it ever even hit the papers on Wednesday,  Van Duyne said.  At the exact same time they were supposed to be meeting with us, they were on their front lawn with a press conference. Van Duyne also slammed President Barack Obama for jumping the gun on Ahmed Mohamed s case. We never even got a call from anybody at the White House asking to verify any of that information,  Van Duyne said.  I don t think the picture of the hoax bomb was even released before he tweeted  cool clock kid. Van Duyne, adding that Irving officials were receiving death threats because of the case, said that the  teacher was reacting to the device, not the student. If something had happened, and nobody had spoken up, people would be livid,  Van Duyne said.  Can you imagine if you were a parent at ISD and no one said anything? Via: Conservative Tribune",0
15176,(VIDEO) Elitist Media Stoops To New Low Attacking Trump For Telling The Truth: “Carly cut his balls off with the precision of a surgeon.”,"The elitist media is exposing its bias and dislike for Republican candidate Donald Trump. Jonah Golberg and Rick Lowry just can t help themselves and have been going after Trump since day one. Lowry brought the attacks to a new low last night when he threw his journalistic integrity away by personally attacking Trump. Gosh, you d think these pundits would be more professional and have thicker skin than this. Trump is leading and it s simply because he s not a main stream candidate with canned answers pandering to anyone and everyone. Trump told the truth when he said Carly has a horrible track record in business. Trump is still a strong candidate according to WE THE PEOPLE and that s all that matters in the end. ",0
15177,HERE’S THE LIST Of Heartless Senators Who Voted Against Banning Late Term Abortions,"Godless heartless and without conscience .Senate Democrats have blocked the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act from moving forward in the Senate.The Pain-Capable Act needed 60 votes in order to invoke cloture, but failed Tuesday in a 54-42 vote.Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va.; Bob Casey, D-Pa.; and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., were the only Democrats to support the bill. Sens. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, broke with Republicans to oppose it. (See below how your senators voted.)Via: Daily Signal",0
15178,Oh Brother! White House Compares Obama To The Pope,"These social justice warriors always think they know what s best for you and everyone else. Social justice is socialism so perhaps the White House press is correct. It s easy to spread the wealth with other people s money Pope Francis and President Obama have both dedicated their lives to helping the less fortunate, and that commonality will be central to their meeting Wednesday during the pope s first visit to the United States, a White House spokesman said hours before Obama left to greet the pontiff as he landed at Andrews Air Force Base Tuesday afternoon. Both men have talked, quite publicly, about their commitment to social justice,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in previewing their Oval Office meeting scheduled for Wednesday morning.  And both men have dedicated their, not just their careers, but their lives, to that effort. Certainly the kind of commitment that we ve seen from Pope Francis is unique and singular,  Earnest allowed  but I think the values that both men live out have some common ground. Earnest talked about how Obama turned down high-paying jobs upon graduating law school to instead work in Chicago s poor South Side, and how Francis is known for advocating on behalf of impoverished communities in his home country of Argentina before ascending through the Roman Catholic Church s ranks.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15179,HOW MUSLIM IMMIGRANTS HAVE DESTROYED BRITAIN’S PRICELESS HERITAGE: [VIDEO] Why Generations Of Brit’s Will Pay Dearly For Their Naive “Open Arms” Policy For Muslim Immigrants,The result of Britain s willingness to allow Muslims to immigrate in massive numbers to their country is shocking. This video is a real eye opener and should be viewed by every American:https://youtu.be/KilJkG5Ndks,0
15180,Hillary Clinton’s Muslim Sidekick Goes After Dr. Ben Carson On Twitter,"Dr. Ben Carson continues to be misunderstood on what he said when asked if he would be ok with a Muslim President. His comments have been twisted and totally taken out of context by the left and CAIR. It s NOT prejudice to not want Sharia Law! Hillary Clinton s sidekick, Huma Abedin, decided to pile on when she Tweeted for the first time a message to Dr. Carson:Hillary Clinton confidante Huma Abedin has finally joined Twitter   and she used her first tweet to slam one of her bosses  GOP rivals, Ben Carson, over his comments about Muslims:  You can be a proud American, a proud Muslim, and proudly serve this great country. Pride versus prejudice,  she said. Abedin is a Muslim, although she is not known to have spoken of her religion in such a high-profile fashion before. Abedin s tweet was a response to Carson s admission on Meet the Press that he wouldn t be comfortable with a Muslim president: ",0
15181,BREAKING: Hillary Clinton’s Deleted E-mails Found By FBI On Her Server,"Oops! Hillary Clinton thought her server was wiped clean but it appears as though KARMA has arrived on the scene. The FBI has Clinton s e-mails! Maybe she ll finally be held accountable for Benghazi. This is going to get very interesting.The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has successfully recovered personal and work emails from Hillary Clinton s private email server, according to a new report.Sources told Bloomberg News that some of Clinton s emails have been extracted from the server, thus disproving the claim that Clinton managed to wipe her server clean after she deleted all of her emails earlier this year.Therefore, some of the emails that Clinton deleted   the ones that she determined were NOT relevant to federal investigations   are now in the hands of the FBI.The federal investigation, therefore, is now out of Clinton s control.Outside computer specialists have said the FBI has the technical capability to recover deleted e-mails. The exact number of personal e-mails recovered by the FBI could not be learned. Once the e-mails have been extracted, a group of agents has been separating personal correspondence and passing along work-related messages to agents leading the investigation, the person said. Since the existence of the e-mail system became public in March, Clinton has seen her standing in polls slide, particularly in regards to questions about her trustworthiness. She also has been heavily criticized by congressional Republicans who have raised questions over whether the private server jeopardized the security of sensitive data. Internal government watchdogs have determined that classified information ended up on the system. Their findings sparked the FBI inquiry.Read more: Bloomberg News ",0
15182,IS SOMEONE AFRAID OF TRUMP’S RISING STAR? Man Who Made Controversial Comment To Trump During Town Hall Was Likely A “Plant” [VIDEO],"On Monday s broadcast of the syndicated show  Inside Edition,  the question was asked who exactly was the questioner at last week s rally in New Hampshire that asked GOP front-runner Donald Trump about the Muslim problem in the United States and said that President Barack Obama was a Muslim.The report suggested there was a possibility it may have been a plant intended to embarrass Trump.The man in question garbled his name, but said he was from White Plains. According to the report, the only White Plains in the United States is White Plains, NY, which is 250 miles From New Hampshire. Inside Edition  asked audio expert Kent Gibson if he could make out the man s name, but said the mic wasn t there yet and he couldn t make out the name of the man.You be the judge:Via: Breitbart News",0
15183,BREAKING: HUGE LEGAL VICTORY FOR AMERICANS Who Were Told To Stop Speaking Out Against Obama [VIDEO],"A big slap in the face to an overreaching government who is more worried about protecting the reputations of our tyrannical president in public than our most basic right to free speech The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of the plaintiffs in August 2014, challenging the enactment of the ordinance which restricted the plaintiffs  right to demonstrate and display signs calling for the impeachment of President Obama and the end to illegal immigration on city overpasses over designated highways.U.S. District Judge David Godbey for the Northern District Court of Texas entered the consent judgment, marking the first time that the City of Dallas admitted its ordinance was an unconstitutional restriction on freedom of speech and freedom of assembly.Erin Mersino, TMLC Senior Trial Counsel handling the case, commented,  It is a good day for free speech. Overpasses for America and Valerie Villarreal may now resume their important demonstrations without fear of being fined or retaliated against by the City. We re asking our readers to consider making a donation (in any amount) to this amazing law firm who does so much to protect our freedoms from a tyrannical government: Donate to the Thomas More Law Center by clicking HEREIn November 2014, just three months after TMLC filed their initial lawsuit against the city, the Dallas City Council voted to repeal the ordinance. During the repeal process, however, the City refused to acknowledge that the ordinance unconstitutionally attacked Free Speech that criticized President Obama and the flood of illegal immigration encouraged by the Obama administration s complete disregard of federal immigration laws. The judgment entered by the District Court, however, specifically declares that the Dallas ordinance was a violation of Overpasses for America s First Amendment rights to free speech and free assembly. The judgment also awarded nominal damages as requested by the Plaintiffs in recognition of the City of Dallas  violation of the Overpasses members  Free Speech and Freedom of Assembly rights, and provided a settlement amount for attorneys  fees and costs.Before the enactment of the City s ordinance, the North Dallas Chapter of Overpasses for America had held over 75 demonstrations on the pedestrian overpasses in Dallas, without a single traffic incident. Nevertheless, the City Council moved forward with the restrictive ordinance under the guise that it was necessary for public safety.Overpasses for America is a nonpartisan grassroots movement that calls for accountability among our nation s leaders.Overpasses for America demonstrators frequently use pedestrian overpasses to spread their messages and to reach a large and diverse audience. Several cities, however, have sought to silence these concerned citizens.Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of TMLC, stated:  The concerns of a majority of Americans on crucial public issues have little impact on the Washington political establishment.That s why it s so important to defend the free speech rights of grassroots organizations like Overpasses for America, whose members feel it s their patriotic duty to get their message out and mobilize their fellow citizens. TMLC is currently representing two plaintiffs in a case challenging a similar ordinance in the Town of Campbell, Wisconsin that case is currently pending before the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.Here is the incident that took place in Campbell, WI:Here are members of the Overpasses For America group defending their free speech right in front of the Campbell, WI City Council:Via: Thomas More Law Center",0
15184,THE REAL REASON JOE BIDEN HASN’T ANNOUNCED HE’S RUNNING YET: Reliable Investigative Reporter Shares The Disturbing Inside Scoop,"Obama couldn t just endorse Joe Biden because like a loyal dog, he s defended every one of his unconstitutional acts against America. No Obama doesn t do anything without injecting Chicago style politics into the equation. In this case, he will only endorse one of the dumbest men in Washington DC for our next President if he agrees to his radical terms.How very  Putin-esque The talk in Democratic Party circles is that Barack Obama has told Joe Biden that he is prepared to endorse him for president if, in return, Biden promises to let Obama have a final say in the choice of his vice presidential running mate.According to these Democratic sources, Biden is mulling over the president s conditional offer of support.In addition, there is speculation among top Democratic sources that Obama has another quid pro quo for his endorsement: he wants Biden to choose an African American as his vice presidential running mate.In this scenario, which Obama has not yet fully explained to Biden, Biden would promise to serve only one term in the White House, after which he would back his vice president to succeed him.As Biden s vice president, Obama is said to favor former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, a close Obama ally who is the first and only African American to have served as governor of the Bay State.Obama has already given Biden carte blanche to use Air Force Two, the official vice presidential plane, to crisscross the country and launch an unofficial campaign.So far, Biden has visited several key primary and general election states and hammered GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, charging that Trump is offering a  sick message  on immigration.Biden has also courted the Jewish vote, hinting that he will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.With Obama s blessing, Biden appeared on  The Late Show With Stephen Colbert,  where he discussed his son Beau s death from brain cancer and came across as an authentic alternative to the stiff and overly scripted Hillary Clinton. Via: Edward Klein",0
15185,[VIDEO] HOW POLITICAL CORRECTNESS Will Be The Cause Of Death For Europe…Will We Allow America To Be Next?,What happens to Europe if the refugee surge of mostly muslim men doesn t stop?France is becoming unrecognizableSweden now has  NO GO  Zones where police won t even venture into for fear of their own safety. Muslim street gangs in Sweden are now fighting with hand grenades on the streets. Opponents of immigration in Sweden are branded as  racists.  Many of Sweden s residents are liberals who have aggressively outlawed traditional religion. They have replaced it with their own brand of religion with which includes and obsession with anti-racism.Over 1 million migrants have arrived in Germany this year:They march to Austria and Budapest:This video pretty much sums up the immigration crisis in Europe and how demanding these refugees are once they make their way (illegally) into several countries around Europe: ,0
15186,"This Everyday American’s Video Is Guaranteed To Make You Laugh: “Funny, I never trusted Donald Trump until the Media told me not to.”","We love Intellectual Froglegs and Joe Dan Gorman! He totally nails what s happening in Washington in a VERY funny way! It s no secret he s a Trump fan and a truth teller like no other! No matter what candidate you support, you can t help but fall in love with this very unique and hysterical website! Check it out!",0
15187,"OBAMA’S PLAN EXPOSED: 115,000 IMMIGRANTS In Tennessee Anxious For Citizenship So They Can Vote","The fundamental transformation of America: Watch Obama and the Democrat party beg tens of millions of people who broke the law when they entered our country to get to the polls to shape the future of our nation Leticia de la Paz s family has two major motivations for pursuing U.S. citizenship.They want to move past the discrimination they feel as foreign-born residents, and they want to take part in choosing a leader who, as de la Paz says,  will care about immigrants and a better future. She shares these sentiments through a Spanish-language interpreter, as her 25-year-old daughter, Gabriela, works through a crowded room at Nashville s Global Mall where dozens of Middle Tennessee immigrants are completing the paperwork that will put them on the path to naturalization. We are here in the United States to have a better life and to have better rights,  says Leticia de la Paz, whose husband came to the United States in 1989 and became a citizen last year, inspiring their daughter.For many, this is the next step.Tennessee has one of the fastest-growing immigrant populations in the country, according to Stephanie Teatro, co-executive director of the Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition. Already, more than 114,000, or nearly 38 percent of the total foreign-born population, are naturalized citizens and eligible to vote, she says. Statewide another approximately 75,000 immigrants are eligible to apply for citizenship today but haven t taken action.For Cristina Corona, a 30-year-old from Guadalajara, Mexico, the clinic carried concrete value.Two years ago, Corona began the citizenship process, hiring a local lawyer to walk her through the process. She spent $10,000, she said, and then the firm shut down and all her information was lost.On Saturday, she started again.Like the de la Paz family, Corona said she faces discrimination, particularly in airports where she often gets detained. She hopes having a U.S. passport will ease that. She also hopes it will help her find more job opportunities beyond working as a server in her mother s cafe on Nolensville Pike.And there is one more motivating factor: Her mother s insistence that Corona vote.  She says all the time,  Get out to the polls.   As the number of immigrant families continues to grow, so does their political power.Immigrant voters played a vital role in the recent Nashville mayoral election, as the immigrant coalition registered hundreds of new American voters, and immigrant community members reportedly turned out to the polls in large numbers, though official voter turnout demographics are not yet available.Nashville mayoral candidates took notice of the growing immigrant vote, as every candidate attended the local Immigrant and Refugee mayoral forum. Candidates translated campaign materials into Spanish, they visited mosques and did interviews on Spanish-language radio.Via: The Tennessean",0
15188,[VIDEO] MEDIA OBSESSED With Painting Trump As “Islamaphobic”…Here’s How He Responds: “It Wasn’t The Swedes Who Blew Up The World Trade Center”,Could you imagine if the mainstream media spent 1/100th of the amount of time defending the persecution of Christians as they do defending the Muslim faith?https://youtu.be/AlMYELVK4Xk,0
15189,COME TO AMERICA…THEY’VE GOT MONEY GROWING ON TREES: U.S. To Provide Ridiculous Amount Of Services and Funds To Each Refugee,"Meanwhile The U.S. keeps funding the war in Syria that drove the refugees out of their homes in the first place Refugees receive a plethora of services and assistance when they reach the shores of the America, according to a recently released study.The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops posted a PDF on their website breaking down available assistance for refugees resettled in the United States. The information is based on a report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office.President Barack Obama initially said he wanted to bring in 10,000 Syrian refugees. The White House is now discussing raising that from 70,000 this year to 85,000 in 2016 and 100,000 in fiscal 2017, administration officials told Bloomberg News.The numbers of refugees appear on track to grow and each refugee is offered a placement grant of $1,850 from the Department of State. This includes: pre-arrival, reception, initial housing food, clothing, referral services and social programs. The benefit eligibility are for those refugees who have been in the U.S. for up to three months.Refugees needing cash assistance can get it through Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF). This is temporary financial assistance and social services for those eligible low-income refugees with dependent children. Cash assistance for refugees who do not qualify for TANF can also be obtained through Refugee Cash Assistance. This is available for those in U.S. for up to 8 months.Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is also an option for incoming refugees and those who settled in the U.S. for up to nine years. This is cash is cash assistance for those low-income individuals who may be elderly, blind, or disabled.Refugees who ve been in the United States up to seven years are also offered medical financial assistance through Medicaid as well as through the State Children s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP). Otherwise, Refugee Medical Assistance is available for up to eight months for those individuals who are not eligible for Medicaid.The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is made available to refugees for up to nine years while social services for refugees   including job training, placement, and retention for those settled in the U.S   are available for up to five years.Ann Corcoran, founder of Refugee Resettlement Watch, first noticed the posting and comments,  At the top you will see that each refugee gets $1850 as a one time payment from the US Dept. of State (a family of 6 would receive $11,100). However, the contracting (non-profit) agency keeps about $750 of each refugee s allotment for its own overhead. She later noted,  But, that is not all the contractor receives, most get tens of thousands of federal dollars to run myriad other programs through their offices including English language lessons, employment counseling, and even are granted federal dollars to develop community gardens for their refugee clients. Via: Daily Caller",0
15190,DID MEGYN KELLY CROSS THE LINE In Her War With Trump In Her Defense Of Obama? [VIDEO],"Somebody doesn t like a certain person affecting her ratings but does Megyn underestimate the popularity of the  Don? On Friday s  The Kelly File  on the Fox News Channel, host Megyn Kelly debated Andy Dean, a former president of Trump Productions and a supporter of GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump, over whether or not it would have been appropriate for Trump to defend President Barack Obama when asked about the  Muslim problem  in America and singling out the president at a campaign rally in New Hampshire early this week.Dean likened it to Obama s lack of rhetoric regarding Jeremiah Wright, the controversial pastor of Chicago s Trinity United Church of Christ, who made derogatory statements about the country following the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.Kelly was not satisfied with Dean s response and asked him if he was  uncomfortable. Transcript as follows:MEGYN KELLY, HOST OF  THE KELLY FILE : We want to start with Andy Dean, he s the former president of Trump Productions and worked with Mr. Trump for seven years. Andy, thank you for being here tonight.ANDY DEAN, FORMER PRESIDENT OF TRUMP PRODUCTIONS: Thank you.KELLY: So, what is officially is the defense being offered by the Trump campaign on this?DEAN: Well, look, I think it was a question that was asked at a town hall forum, and Donald as you can tell kind of shrug his shoulders and laugh a little bit. Because it s a pretty aggressive question. But as far as what Donald thinks, I mean, we all know that President Obama went to Reverend Jeremiah Wright s church. And what religion that is, I m not sure because we remember Reverend Wright saying, God damn America. That s in the Bible. I read the Bible. I have not seen that passage yet. So, I think more than anything, there s just confusion on our end as to why one tiny question is some sort of big media controversy right now.KELLY: You know, it s because the guy   a couple reasons. Number one, he seem today be condemning Muslims as a group, as opposed to radical Muslims. Number two, he said that Barack Obama  DEAN: The questioner was, not Donald Trump.KELLY: Yes. The questioner.DEAN: The questioner was, not Donald Trump.KELLY: Right. Exactly.DEAN: Correct.KELLY: And then number two, he said the questioner that Barack Obama is a Muslim and that he s not a citizen of this country. And Donald Trump did not correct him or challenged him on other one.DEAN: Well, that s not correct. We know that Barack Obama is a citizen of this country, one of the reasons why we have definitive proof is that Donald Trump got Barack Obama s long form birth certificate.KELLY: Why didn t he say that?DEAN: And once he produced that, there s been no controversy since. And it is, Megyn, for a second here. It s pretty impressive, if you look at Donald Trump s pure negotiating skill, then nobody on planet earth was able to produce this document until Donald turned this into an issue and then Barack Obama  (CROSSTALK)KELLY: So then, he s in the best position to turn onto that man and say, we know he s a citizen sir, we know that. Because I pushed for him in the release and he did. And that question has been resolved. Period. Let s move on.DEAN: Okay. Well, Megyn, he could have said that, but by that exact same logic, think of this, why didn t Barack Obama according to that same logic stand up at Jeremiah Wright s church and say, hey Jeremiah, not God damn America.KELLY: Not a good question. Not a good question.DEAN: America isn t   no, it s the exact same thing.KELLY: Barack Obama is not running for office. Donald Trump is.DEAN: Sorry, he wasn t running for office in 2007 and 2003  KELLY: See, he won the office. And he s now the sitting president.DEAN: Correct.KELLY: So that fish has swum. That ship has sailed.DEAN: Okay, but it s a parallel argument. Megyn, I m sorry. This is a rough night, I guess.KELLY: Well, that s a deflection, Andy.DEAN: That s not making any sense.KELLY: That s a deflection.DEAN: It s not a deflection. It s an exact parallel.KELLY: You seem to be dodging. Are you uncomfortable on this issue? Why can t you answer whether  DEAN: What is it Megyn? Please get specifics.KELLY: Okay. I will. Why didn t Donald Trump look at him and say he is not a Muslim. He is an American citizen. I m the man who made him produce his birth certificate.DEAN: I think that could have been an answer as to why, you know, and Donald answered the questions at a town hall. I think indeed the perfect politically correct answer at every moment to satisfy the media. You know, I m not a genius. I can t figure that out.KELLY: That s okay. That s a reasonable response.DEAN: Thank you.KELLY: All the stuff about, why didn t Barack Obama stand-up was a deflection. We got to it eventually.DEAN: No, it s not. It s was an exact parallel argument, actually, Megyn.KELLY: Oh, I ll let the viewers decide.DEAN: When you re-watch this, we ll see that. Okay, great.KELLY: I ll look forward to doing just that later.DEAN: You got it.Via: Breitbart News",0
15191,#BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Using #BlackRail On Twitter To Organize Shut Down Of Rail Before MN Vikings Game,"Sanctioned domestic terrorists taking direction from our Organizer In Chief and funding from his billionaire marxist friend, George Soros. Are there new laws about acts of terrorism and threats against Americans that we re unaware of? Since when did it become okay to threaten innocent people taking their families on a train to a football game with their radical behavior? Are we still in America? #BlackLivesMatter St. Paul is planning to shut down light rail before the Minnesota Vikings game on Sunday. This is a typical act for the group which often tries to disrupt traffic during specific events or rush hour.FOX 9 in Minneapolis reported: Black Lives Matter  plans to shut down light rail before Vikings  home openerThe group  Black Lives Matter Saint Paul  announced their plans on Facebook Thursday to shut down the light rail before the Vikings  home opener this Sunday. Sunday September 20th is the Minnesota Vikings  home opener, big money day, so what better day to shut the light rail down and disrupt business as usual,  they said in a press release.  Enough is enough of business as usual! We must bring an end to white supremacy and the status quo. Black Lives Matter Saint Paul refers to an incident on Aug. 31 when Marcus Abrams, 17,  was beaten into multiple seizures by a group of Metro Transit police officers.  On Sunday, the group will be joined by Abrams, his mother,  and many others to talk about Autism, police brutality, and bringing an end to white supremacy. The demonstration is set to occur around 9:30 a.m. in St. Paul, starting just south of University Ave. on Lexington across from Dairy Queen. The light rail Green Line runs along University Avenue and includes stops on the University of Minnesota campus, where the Vikings are playing at noon at TCF Bank Stadium.Organizers are using the hashtag #BlackRail for Sunday s protest.Via: Progressives Today",0
15192,MUSLIM CLOCK BOY’S LIE EXPOSED [Video] Expert Proves Boy Who Received Invitation To White House And Thousands In Donations Story Was A Hoax,"Everything about this muslim boy s story is a lie. From the first lie that he made the clock to the lie about him being unfairly targeted by the school. But in the Muslim faith, it s okay to lie (taqiya)as long as you re promoting your faith. In Shi a Islam, taqiya (  taqiyyah/taq yah) is a form of religious veil, or a legal dispensation whereby a believing individual can deny his faith or commit otherwise illegal or blasphemous acts, especially while they are in fear or at risk of significant persecution.Our  President  Barack Obama brazenly supported and promoted the  persecution  of this poor Muslim boy:Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great.  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 16, 2015 Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It s what makes America great.  President Barack Obama, September 16, 2015It was a Hoax.Ahmed Mohamed s claims that he assembled a clock at home that he took to school is starting to unravel.Two investigators who have studied the image of Mohamed s device provided by Irving, Texas police have concluded that Mohamed did not make the clock. Both conclude that Mohamed disassembled a manufactured clock and installed it in a large pencil box without its casing. And both say it is possible it was done to provoke suspicion or to resemble a bomb.Update: Clock has been identified as being sold in a 1986 Radio Shack catalogue by an Art Voice reader. The headline and text for this article has been changed to reflect the update.14-year-old Mohamed, a Muslim, was briefly arrested and investigated for bringing a hoax bomb to MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas on Monday. He was subsequently cleared.Thousands of dollars have been donated to Ahmed Mohamed in just the past few days, reported CNN. On Monday, 14-year-old Mohamed was arrested for taking a homemade clock to school that his teachers thought was a bomb. So crowdfunding platform LaunchGood started a campaign to raise $100,000 for the Muslim teen. In just one day, the site had raised over $10,000 from more than 200 backers. It s hoping to raise $100,000 by October 13. The support for it has been amazing,  said Chris Abdur-Rahman Blauvelt, CEO of LaunchGood, which supports projects started by Muslims or ones that are tied to the history and study of Islam. Blauvelt said his campaign has the approval of Mohamed s family. He said half of the money donated will go toward a scholarship fund for Mohamed and the rest to efforts that foster creativity and inventiveness in kids. In addition to LaunchGood, crowdfunding platform Gofundme has also launched a campaign for Mohamed. It s raised more than $4,000 with a goal of $60,000 that will go toward Mohamed s future college tuition. Thomas Talbot posted a video to YouTube explaining the various parts in the photo of Mohamed s briefcase clock belong to a manufactured alarm clock. Anthony , writing at the blog Art Voice, detailed how Mohamed s device is actually a 1980s digital alarm clock sold by Radio Shack.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
15193,TRUMP GETS HAMMERED [Video] For Not Condemning Question At Town Hall About Muslim Training Camps In US…But He Was Right…And Here’s The Proof,"Yeah, because taking Trump down is more important to these flame throwers on the left (and right) than exposing the truth about Obama s  overt allegiance to Muslims living in America and the actual Muslim training camps that are taking place across America right now.Donald Trump pulled out of a Republican gathering in South Carolina Friday as he took hits from members of both parties for failing to correct a questioner who said President Obama is a Muslim. Mr. Trump has a significant business transaction that was expected to close Thursday. Due to the delay he is unable to attend today s Heritage Action Presidential Forum,  Trump s campaign announced in a release Friday.Trump had been scheduled to join most of the Republican field at the meeting of the influential conservative group.Trump drew condemnation Friday from some of his rivals for his failure to confront the questioner at a New Hampshire town hall who had labeled the president a Muslim, asked what he would do to  get rid  of Muslims and mentioned Islamic  training camps. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told NBC Friday,  I wouldn t have permitted that. If someone brought that up at a town hall meeting of mine, I would ve said,  No, listen. Before we answer, let s clear some things up for the rest of the audience. And I think you have an obligation as a leader to do that. If that person had been in my event I would have called him out in it,  Hillary Clinton said at a press conference after a campaign event in New Hampshire. Not only is it out of place and wrong it is totally factually untrue.  Sen. Bernie Sanders demanded that Trump apologize for  continuing the lie that the president is not an American and not a Christian. FOX News   Hidden in a remote area off a primitive dirt road lies a mysterious 70-acre compound in which more than 100 Muslims live in seclusion, following the teachings of its founder, a radical cleric with alleged ties to terrorism.It s neither a Taliban stronghold outside Jalalabad, nor an extremist madrassa on the outskirts of Karachi.It s a place called Islamberg, a closed and seemingly quiet community at the foot of the Catskill Mountains in upstate New York, about three hours north of Manhattan.It s also a compound shrouded in local rumors, mystery   and fear   sitting near the huge reservoir system that provides New York City with most of its drinking water.Quietly nestled in the woods, Islamberg remained unnoticed for the two decades leading up to Sept. 11, 2001, when the World Trade Center and the Pentagon were attacked by a determined band of Islamic extremists.That s when people started questioning the community s ties to a Pakistani cleric allegedly connected to worldwide terrorism. They also started talking about the unusual sounds of gunfire and explosions some said they heard emanating from the compound.But before you leap to conclusions and head to the Catskills to personally fight the war on terror   you need to know the entire story. The truth, as is often the case, is a lot more complicated than the headlines suggest.Islamberg got its start about 20 years ago, when   inspired by the words of the Sufi cleric Sheikh Syed Mubarik Ali Shah Gilani   a group of primarily black Muslims from Brooklyn left New York City to escape crime, poverty and racism. Aiming to lead what they believed was a peaceful and holy Muslim life, they built a community of some 40 family houses, their own grocery store and a bookstore.And they weren t alone. Other groups, also inspired by Gilani, have set up similiar communities in 19 other states. According to the group s own Web site, the Islamberg community is still  struggling,  and is asking for donations to complete its mosque.According to locals, the land previously belonged to a Deposit, N.Y., woman who opened up her home in the in the late 1970s or early  80s to disadvantaged youths from the city so that they could avoid being led astray by a financially and morally bankrupt urban environment.Those boys, according to locals who were friendly with some of the group, eventually went on to form Islamberg, and at some point they were joined by another group of more militant Muslims, who created something of a rival faction within the community.The group lived quietly there for years with little interaction with the local communities except for forays into town for supplies or to sell baked goods at the weekly flea market. Some of the men had jobs at a local credit-processing center or working for the Port Authority in New York City (where they are said to maintain a residence near a bridge that runs between two boroughs).In the few instances when they did have relationships with the locals, they were almost always friendly, many said. Sometimes local children would visit their friends in the compound. There was a sense of camaraderie with them,  one woman said.Watch video here:There was a notable exception, a situation involving the local schools in the late 1990s when some of the Islamberg boys got into a scuffle with local boys. They broke my nephew s nose,  said a Hancock, N.Y., woman, who asked that her name not be used.Another man said the Muslim boys  trashed  the school in Deposit.Locals variously blamed the fighting on an angry attitude on the part of the Muslim boys, racism on the part of the local boys or the  usual  relatively trivial events that lead almost all teenage boys into a confrontation at one point or another in their lives.According to Joy Felber, 62, a retired taxidermist who s lived in Deposit for 19 years, the cause lay with a group of local boys who picked a fight with the Muslims. We had some young boys in town who were causing trouble   not from the Muslim community   but they were antagonizing the boys in the Muslim community,  Felber said.  It was lack of knowledge. When people don t know other people, they have a tendency to lash out. And you put two teenage boys together and sparks fly. After a further controversy about whether the Islamberg boys should have been going to public school in Deposit or Hancock (the compound lies on the border between the two towns, and even longtime residents differ on whether it s technically in Deposit, Hancock or nearby Tompkins), the boys were pulled from the schools and the Muslim community drew away from town life.All Islamberg children are now schooled on the compound in a school that, according to one report, has a total of 62 students.",0
15194,"OBAMA’S NEW POSTERBOY FOR MUSLIM PERSECUTION Is Son Of Prominent Muslim Activist, Now Admits He Knew Briefcase Would Be Viewed As “Suspicious” [VIDEO]","For anyone who cares to do the research, there is always more to Obama s unyielding public support of a person who is held up as a victim. Every move is carefully calculated, orchestrated and implemented by the master Community Organizer In Chief As many people thoroughly anticipated the back-story to the 14-year-old briefcase clockmaker reflects his father is actually a rather controversial Muslim activist. This lends further credence toward a reasonable belief that his taking a briefcase clock to school was not as innocent as the media would lead everyone to believe.update-1UPDATE: In his own words Ahmed Mohamed, 14, an Irving MacArthur High student essentially states he knew taking the device to school was controversial. Listen at 1:26 video: I closed it with a cable, so  because, I didn t want to lock it to make it seem like a threat so I just used simple cable . so it won t look that much suspicious .That s what you call an admission of premeditation and intent. In his own words, with forethought, he knew the briefcase with wires and  a countdown clock  would be  suspicious ; especially around 9/11.TEXAS [ ] The ninth grader is the son of Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed, a Sudanese immigrant who has made headlines of his own over the years. A February 2015 profile in the North Dallas Gazette details the elder Mohamed s activities.Born in Sudan in 1961, Mohamed, a former customs worker at Khartoum International Airport, earned a degree in philosophy from Cairo University in Khartoum before emigrating to the U.S.  Once I realized my dream was bigger than what Sudan had to offer I immigrated to America in the mid-1980 s,  he told the North Dallas Gazette. In that same interview, Mohamed shared that upon arrival in the U.S.  where he says his degree was not accepted  he initially sold hot dogs, candy, and newspapers in Manhattan.  I realized this wasn t enough for me, and I packed my bag and moved to Dallas, Texas y all,  he told the paper.In Texas, he started out as a pizza delivery man before becoming a taxi driver and ultimately launching his own business ventures  he owns a computer repair shop in Irving, Texas (perhaps where his son gets his tech acuity from), a cab company called Jet Taxi, a medical emergency transport company called Paradise Prime Investments, and the solar energy business AlSufi International in Sudan. He also served as self-elected president of the small Sufi Muslim AlSufi center in Irving.Via: Conservative TreehouseAhmed s father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed is also well known for his defense of the Quran against Florida pastor Terry Jones. ",0
15195,BEN CARSON FURIOUS As Republican Senate Group Uses Sneaky Tactic To Fundraise…Only It’s Not For Ben,"What a slap in the face to a strong candidate who has received little to no attention by the traditional GOP pundits and RINO s who run the party and manipulate the candidate s popularity Dr. Ben Carson, a 2016 GOP presidential candidate, is furious that the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC) would use his birthday to try to boost its fundraising coffers. The NRSC has recently sent out fundraising emails and online ads soliciting donations under the guise of wishing Dr. Carson a happy birthday,  Carson communications director Doug Watts told Breitbart News on Thursday.While he surely appreciates their good wishes, he is less than happy they never bothered the common courtesy of advising our campaign. Contributors should be advised that none of the proceeds or names are being shared with the campaign. This is the kind of politics-as-usual approach Americans are tired of, deceitful Washington practices to feather the nests of the political class.Andrea Bozek, an NRSC spokeswoman, told Breitbart News in response on Friday that the group was just trying to wish Carson a happy birthday. First we are hearing of it,  Bozek said.  We simply wanted to wish Dr. Carson a Happy Birthday. The NRSC fundraising pitch was sent out in an email paid for by the NRSC and wishes Carson a Happy Birthday via Town Hall magazine media. Carson s birthday is Friday, Sept. 18.The email, addressed to  Friend,  reads as following: Just wanted to let you know that Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson celebrates his birthday this week! Dr. Carson is a strong conservative who has saved many lives during his time working as a neurosurgeon. Please join us in wishing Dr. Ben Carson a happy birthday and sign his birthday card today! That links off to a website from the NRSC putting forward a birthday card for Carson but also collecting email addresses and soliciting donations for the GOP campaign committee for U.S. Senate Republicans.Carson has proven to be a prolific fundraiser. In fact, Carson s communications director Watts told Breitbart News in Simi Valley, California at the Reagan Library that in just the month of September, Carson has  raised $5.5 million in the first 15 days. We hit our 500,000th donation with 300,000 unique donors,  Watts told Breitbart News on the spin room floor.  It s really the grassroots exploding, as they re seeing the possibility of an outsider winning. Their efforts matter and their small donations matter. Watts told Breitbart News that the  average donation is around $49 to $51. About 90 percent of our contributors are under $200,  Watts said.FOR ENTIRE STORY: Matthew Boyle, Breitbart News",0
15196,BREAKING: Rubio Top Official Punches Snarky Rand Paul Adviser At GOP Conference In Michigan,"The fun s already begun at the Republican Leadership Conference  on Mackinac Island in Michigan.  A well known political adviser to Rand Paul, the very snarky John Yob, was punched by Marco Rubio s deputy campaign manager last night.Here s a post that appeared on John Yob s Facebook page this morning. In his post, John Yob has this to say about the alleged perpetrator,  he isn t relevant in our political world.  That s likely because it s been our personal experience that no one is relevant in John Yob s political world. He is famous for helping the faux conservative Governor Snyder to win his first election. To the best of our knowledge, he has failed miserably at every campaign he s headed up since then. Is it possible he was intentionally agitating Rubio s campaign manager for PR? We wouldn t put it past him Patty and I are on our way to the Mackinac event to report back any interesting political happenings so we ll keep everyone updated on this Rubio incident. A huge Republican political gathering on Mackinac Island got under way Thursday night with a barroom incident in which a top official for presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio allegedly threw a punch at a Michigan consultant working for Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky.The alleged incident took place at Horn s Bar, a popular nightspot on Mackinac Island, which hosts the Mackinac Republican Leadership Conference, which is held every other year and has drawn six GOP presidential hopefuls this year.John Yob, a Grand Rapids political consultant who is national political director and chief Michigan strategist for the Rand Paul campaign, said on Facebook Friday morning that he was punched in the face inside the bar by Rich Beeson, who is deputy campaign manager for Rubio, a Florida senator. I ran into a guy named Rich Beeson, who frankly I didn t even know who it was at first because he isn t relevant in our political world,  Yob said.  He literally physically assaulted me by punching me in the face. The state police are looking for him. I have it on video, from multiple angles. This will play out in the national media in the next few hours. An officer at the Mackinac Island Police Department early Friday would neither confirm nor deny that the incident took place. He said there would be no comment until the chief of police arrives at the station later this morning. Beeson did not immediately return a phone message seeking comment.An incident involving alcohol, a punch and Horn s Bar is already part of Michigan political lore.In 2003, at the Detroit Regional Chamber s annual policy conference on Mackinac Island, U.S. Rep. Mike Bishop, then a state senator, got punched as he attempted to board a carriage in an early morning incident near Horn s Bar. The Clarkston man who threw the punch was arrested and convicted.Paul is expected to be on the island to speak at the conference. Rubio is not. The conference, hosted by the Michigan Republican Party, runs until Sunday morning.Via: DFP",0
15197,OOPS! [Video] Flashback To When Carly Fiorina Made Fun Of A Female Political Opponent’s Appearance,Hmmmm .interesting HT: U.S.Patriot1776 Via: Weasel Zippers,0
15198,jeb! Bush Has Discovered The Secret To What America Really Wants In A President…And It’s Something You Never Expected,"Apparently, jeb! thinks the tallest guy in the room is the only qualification for the person who has to clean up eight years of Obama s reckless presidency Who knew it was that easy?Watch video here of 6  3  jeb! standing on his tip-toes for photo shoot on GOP debate stage:",0
15199,Boom! These New Poll Numbers Show Clown News Network Failed To Destroy Trump," After watching the debate between all the Republican candidates last night, it s very clear that the status quo from both political parties wants to bring The Donald down. CNN did everything in their power to discredit Trump and bring the other candidates down in the process. The only problem is the people of America see through the political bs and really don t care what the pundits think. This is pretty refreshing and it s too bad the Republican party isn t embracing broadening the base like Mr. Trump has done so well. His support from viewers is evident in the poll numbers below:*We DO NOT endorse candidates but we re 100% FED Up! with both parties trying to decide the election for us. We REALLY don t like canned answers from candidates either. *Karl Rove needs to take his white board and go away!The people have spoken and the results are in on who the American people think is #1:",0
15200,PRIORITIES: Who Does Obama Invite To White House…The Muslim “Briefcase Clock” Boy Or Slain Cops Families?,"Hey Barack Hussein Obama America is still waiting for statement about any of the recent violent murders of innocent cops. But you can t be bothered right? God forbid you address the war on law enforcement (that you started), because it s not nearly as important to you as shining a spotlight on supposed racial inequality is it? President Barack Obama issued a personal invitation via Twitter to a Muslim high school student who got in trouble last week in Texas for bringing a home made  briefcase clock  to school, touching off a terrorism scare.Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great.  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 16, 2015Fourteen year-old Ahmed Mohamed was taken in handcuffs by police from MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas after he brought his invention to school the Monday after the fourteenth anniversary of the 9/11 Islamist terror attacks on the U.S. An alarm for the briefcase clock went off in class, prompting a teacher to observe the devise looked like a bomb. Police investigated and on Wednesday announced no charges would be filed. Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It s what makes America great.At Wednesday s press briefing held right after Obama tweeted his invitation to Mohamed, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest attacked the teachers at Mohamed s school for erring on the side of caution in an era of Islamist terror attacks and  troubled student  school massacres.Earnest also announced Obama was inviting Mohamed to the White House Astronomy Night on October 19. (Quotes assembled from transcribing and various sources.) I think the president like many of us was struck by the news reports of this particular incident. The fact is that America s best teachers in our schools, in our best schools at least, nurture the intellectual curiosity of all of our students. In this instance it is clear that at least some of Ahmed s teachers failed him. That s too bad (It s not) too late for all of us to use this as a teachable moment. This episode is a good illustration of how pernicious stereotypes can prevent even goodhearted people who have dedicated their lives to educating young people from doing the good work they set out to do. This is an instance where you have people who have otherwise dedicated their lives to teach our children who failed in that effort, potentially because of some things in their conscience and the power of stereotypes. The White House was pleased to extend an invitation to Ahmed to participate in Astronomy Night. We ll bring together NASA scientists, others to spend time with young people. It will be an opportunity to talk about science, the solar system. It should be a good event. We re hopeful he ll feel right at home. Ahmed Mohamed has become an instant celebrity and sees his case as one of  racial inequality  rather than about his poor judgment for bringing to school a device that looked like a bomb.Here he is bragging about getting ready to sue the school:Going to meet my lawyer. pic.twitter.com/YCxOOeOz3Z  Ahmed Mohamed (@IStandWithAhmed) September 16, 2015Here are some of the tweets that offering Ahmed Mohamed support:@IStandWithAhmed @IBJIYONGI @anildash I hope someone from @MIT reaches out to Ahmed with a full scholarship. He deserves it! @POTUS  Tony Silva (@silva1982) September 16, 2015",0
15201,WATCH: Pretty College Age Girl Stun Illegal Alien Supporters At Trump Rally As She Confronts Them,"It looks like we re not the only ones who are 100% FED UP! with people protesting to defend lawbreakers in our country Watch:Wow. Nasty Trump supporters in Iowa tear up a Latino protestor s sign. RT @GoodSam10 @DREAMIowa pic.twitter.com/G5R6H1lLe8   Gabe! Ort z (@TUSK81) September 12, 2015Here are the comments on the Twitter account where this video was posted:",0
15202,"Watch How Anti-American Actress, Emily Blunt “Dixie-Chicked” Herself Only Days Before Her New Movie Release [VIDEO]","Does anyone remember these girls?Dixie who?Just days before the release of the drug cartel thriller Sicario, actress Emily Blunt is taking more fire for saying during an interview last weekend she regrets becoming a U.S. citizen after watching the first Republican presidential debate.The star told The Hollywood Reporter,  I became an American citizen recently, and that night, we watched the Republican debate and I thought,  This was a terrible mistake. What have I done? During the interview, Blunt also described Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)15% as  pretty impressive. Tuesday, on Fox & Friends, co-host Anna Kooiman hit back hard at Blunt for those and other comments, saying,  You know what, then why don t you leave Hollywood, California, and let some American women take on the roles that you re getting? Because Americans are watching your movies and lining your pockets. Co-host Brian Kilmeade agreed, saying,  I agree with you. Longtime co-host Steve Doocy then compared Blunt s comments to those made by the country group the Dixie Chicks, who never rebounded after making critical, anti-war comments of President George W. Bush in 2003. You know what Emily Blunt just did? She just Dixie Chicked herself. She has alienated half the country, and now will think twice about going to one of her movies,  said Doocy. I actually didn t know she was, and I ve seen a lot of movies,  Kilmeade said.He added,  Congratulations You re an American citizen and you re very unhappy. https://youtu.be/h3DmvsASbaUBlunt doubled down on the comment Tuesday during a conversation with PEOPLE, when the mag asked her if filming the movie scared her. You know, what scared me was watching the Republican debate after becoming a citizen,  she said at a New York screening of Sicario.Blunt has now appeared four times in the last week to make disparaging comments about becoming an American. The actress became a naturalized citizen on Aug. 4 in Los Angeles, CA.Her comments are being portrayed by numerous media outlets as if they were made as a joke, while a number of those outlets are discounting Fox & Friends for holding her accountable for making them. Via: Breitbart NewsHere she is on the Jimmy Kimmel show admitting that she looks down her nose at Americans.  I m not sure I m entirely thrilled about it. People ask me about the whole day. They were like,  Oh, it must have been so emotional.  I was like,  It wasn t! It was sad!  I like being British. : ",0
15203,Team Romney Joins GOP Establishment Fight Against Trump,"If Mitt Romney and his former team have the energy to fight Trump s nomination, why didn t they take their fight to Obama when they had the chance? America was begging for Romney fight back,  but he chose to back down from the challenge. Suddenly, he s found the will to take the fight to the GOP Presidential frontrunner Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump may have a new opponent in the race for the White House   and he s not even running.A cadre of former Mitt Romney aides and advisers, some going back to 2002, have reportedly reunited to take on a new political mission: stopping the seemingly unstoppable freight train known as the Trump campaign. We are united,  said one former Romney aide who did not wish to be identified, according to the Boston Globe. It s a common goal, and not just for Romney people, but for anyone invested in Republicanism, conservatism, and anyone who gives a flying [expletive] about what we re trying to do here. Even if you re not getting paid, this isn t good for anybody,  he said. Fox & Friends Weekend  co-host Tucker Carlson quoted the Boston Globe piece during a telephone interview with Trump Saturday. Well, I m disappointed in Mitt Romney,  Trump replied.  He is the one that s leading it, and he was a failure,  Trump replied.  This is pure Romney trying to get back in  to politics.He called Romney s 2012 presidential run  a disaster,  adding that  Obama won an election that should have been won by the Republicans. Watch the interview, via Fox News.Via: BizPac Review",0
15204,DALLAS RALLY VIDEO: Trump Lets It Rip On The “Lame Stream” Media and Karl Rove,The truth hurts and Trump has no problem delivering the truth to the very people covering his rally in Dallas yesterday. It s pretty great when Trump calls out the liberal AND conservative media. ,0
15205,WAS HIS DEATH COINCIDENTAL? [VIDEO] He Warned Us Obama Would Divide Us By Race And Class…He Claimed He Had Proof…Then Suddenly He Died,"Andrew Breitbart got under the skin of the left like no other. When he entered the political scene, progressives had been so used to getting a pass from polite conservatives, they didn t quite know what to make of him. By exposing the ties between unions, academia, the media and Democrat party, Andrew made their plan to disrupt everything we hold dear about our country much more difficult to implement.He was 100% correct in his predication about what Obama would do to our country. It s too bad the media did everything they could to bury his message and pretend he didn t exist.Watch Andrew explain Barack Obama s plan to divide our nation just prior to Obama s second term:This video is one of the best examples of how Andrew Breitbart boldly and brilliantly exposed the truth behind the very well organized progressive democrat party: If you can t sell freedom and liberty you s*ck! Here is the brilliant and very funny story about how Andrew Breitbart went from an apathetic liberal to a passionate conservative and the #1 enemy of the left. Truth is light and light is the best disinfectant. No one s light shined brighter on the left than our hero, Andrew Breitbart.Sheriff Arpaio talks about how he spoke with Andrew on the phone just before he died on March 1, 2012:Listen to one of the only witnesses who were present when Andrew Breitbart died:Here is Sean Hannity s tribute to Andrew that shows the amazing work by Breitbart and how he started the  citizen journalism revolution :Here is the video Breitbart planned to release before he died. Watch brilliant economist Thomas Sowell explain the significance of this video and Barack Obama s relationship with radical Harvard Law School professor Derrick Bell.Here is a trailer from the brilliant movie,  Hating Breitbart  that was released shortly after his death. It shows his support for conservatives and tea party members: He came out of nowhere and shook things up like no other before him. There will never be another Breitbart.Rest in peace Andrew Breitbart. We ll do our part to help keep your torch lit #War ",0
15206,BREAKING: You’ll Never Guess Where These Pictures Found On Cop Killer’s Facebook Page Were Taken,"An Obama foot soldier in his divisive war on America A Missouri man who shot and killed a Kentucky state trooper during a traffic stop Sunday was an apparent Black Lives Matter sympathizer who protested in the days after the shooting death of Michael Brown last year and attended the 18-year-old s funeral, social media posts show. Joseph Thomas Johnson-Shanks, 25, shot Kentucky State Police Trooper Joseph Cameron Ponder after a high-speed chase on Interstate 24 at around 10:30 p.m. local time Sunday.Johnson-Shanks fired into Ponder s cruiser at the end of the 10-mile chase, striking and killing the rookie trooper.Johnson-Shanks fled the scene but was found in a rural area Monday morning. He was shot and killed after failing to comply with officers  commands to drop his weapon, law enforcement officials said.  Johnson-Shanks is from Florissant, Mo., a St. Louis suburb near Ferguson, where Brown was fatally shot by police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9, 2014.A Facebook account that appears to belong to Johnson-Shanks shows that he took part in the protests that followed the shooting. Pictures show him adopting the  hands up, don t shoot  pose which became the rallying cry following the shooting. All pictures are from the Jay MileHigh Facebook page.Johnson-Shanks can be seen here in pictures found on his Facebook page sharing a limo during what appears to be thug, Michael Brown s funeral. Apparently, the death of a thug calls for a limo ride and selfies  Via: Daily Caller And of course, no race hustling funeral for a thug would be complete without Obama s Race Czar, the  Reverend  Al Sharpton ",0
15207,YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP: Black Man Wins $1.6 Million After Suing Black Owned Restaurant For…Wait for it…Favoring Hispanics,"There is no word yet about whether or not the Hispanics in question were referred to by the plaintiff as  White Hispanics, (the George Zimmerman variety) Legendary restaurant Roscoe s House of Chicken  n Waffles has to cough up $1.6 million in an unlawful termination suit to an African American man who claimed he was discriminated against because he was black.The claim proves to be somewhat ironic given that the owner of the eatery, where President Barack Obama once dined when visiting Compton, is African American.CBS Los Angeles reported that Daniel Beasley sued Roscoe s for firing him after he complained to human resources that the managers harassed him for being black and gave preferential treatment, such as better work hours, to the Hispanic employees. It s owned by an African American owner, but he gives full authority to the Hispanics to run it,  Beasley told reporters.  It just caught me by surprise because here I am getting fired when I m trying to fix the problem. Beasley was frustrated that his complaints to management never got addressed, so he sued.  It s owned by an African American owner, but he gives full authority to the Hispanics to run it,  he told reporters.  It just caught me by surprise because here I am getting fired when I m trying to fix the problem. Beasley explained to CBS that he became homeless after he lost his job, so the hefty settlement becomes a huge victory for the grandfather from Compton.His lawyer Scott Cummings hopes that this win sends a message to other businesses out there.  Racism, racial harassment can occur really anywhere even in a black-owned business,  he asserted. Beasley added,  You can t treat people like that and get away with it constantly.  Via: Breitbart News",0
15208,Hollywood Hypocrite George Clooney Angers Neighbors With Over-the-Top Security Around European Home…Slams Trump For Being “Intolerant” Of Illegal Aliens,"Another bleeding heart progressive who s willing to welcome illegal aliens to America with open arms as long as they don t get too close to one of his luxury European fortresses Hollywood actor George Clooney described GOP frontrunner Donald Trump as  idiotic  and  intolerant  during an interview at the Toronto International Film Festival this weekend.According to Us Weekly, during a TIFF press conference for the upcoming film Our Brand Is Crisis on Saturday, which Clooney produced, the star was asked about Trump s position on illegal immigration.Clooney, who is known for going to great lengths to keep interested parties from coming on or near his properties, responded,  Clearly, what he said is idiotic, of course it s idiotic. Clooney added,  Anybody who says as intolerant words as those should be laughed at and that s pretty much [what] I think eventually history will do. Who d have thought Donald Trump would be at 30 percent? During his June presidential announcement, Trump ignited a firestorm when he said,  The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else s problems,  and the United States has no idea what kind of people might be coming across the border. They re sending people that have lots of problems,  said Trump.  They re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. Clooney came under fire in July, when he sought to install security cameras around the property of one of his expensive European homes, in order to keep unwanted guests away.Neighbors complained the added security measures jeopardized the privacy of the neighborhood.Lake Como, Italy also has special fines in place, specifically for Clooney, which are designed to keep out of towners from entering his private property. Via: Breitbart News",0
15209,Obama To U.S.Military On Putin: “he did not take my warnings” On Syria…Encourages Russians To “get a little smarter”,"Sarah Palin can hear Putin s knees knocking from her front porch President Obama addressed news that Russian President Vladimir Putin was sending Russian military advisers into Syria to bolster the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad.Obama explained during a town hall event with members of the military that he warned Putin years ago not to support the tyrannical dictator. I remember a conversation I had with Mr. Putin four or five years ago where I told him that was a mistake   he did not take my warnings and as a consequence things have gotten worse,  he said.Obama said historically, Russia provided a lot of financial support to Assad and sold Syria weapons, even as the dictator continued to alienate his regime from the people. The bad news is that Russia continues to believe that Assad, who is their traditional partner, is somebody that is worthy of continuing support,  Obama said.Obama acknowledged that Putin was now sending more military advisers to Assad as well as more military equipment. The strategy that they re pursuing now by doubling down with Assad, I think is a big mistake,  he said.  You can t continue to double down on a strategy that is doomed to failure. Obama said that the United States would continue talking with Russia to convince them that their actions were bad for Syria. He signaled that diplomacy was the primary vehicle for restoring order in Syria, encouraging the Russians to  get a little smarter. They are threatened in may ways more than we are by ISIL. They ve got a large Muslim populations that historically have caused a lot of problems inside of Russian,  he said.Via: Breitbart News",0
15210,"TRUMP DOES FALLON’S TONIGHT SHOW: Talks about Hillary, Debates, Border…",Great interview! ,0
15211,NOT BREAKING…HILLARY LIKELY LIED: Does Obama’s Support For Biden Have Anything To Do With New Bombshell Discovery That Hillary’s E-mails “Might Still Be Recoverable”,"Is it a coincidence that more and more evidence keeps magically appearing in the case against Hillary and the misuse of her private email account? Is the timing with Joe Biden s (Obama s puppet) entry into the Presidential race and the release of more damning evidence against Hillary accidental or is the Chicago mob politician just getting warmed up It looks like Hillary might be beaten by Barack yet again The Denver-based company that stored Hillary Clinton s private email server said that the emails might still be recoverable, because there s no evidence that the server was properly wiped clean. Platte River has no knowledge of the server being wiped,  Platte River representative Andy Boian told The Washington Post.  All the information we have is that the server wasn t wiped. If the server was not wiped clean, and investigators can still get all of the information off it, then Clinton-World s attempts to stonewall the investigation could be rendered null and void.Clinton did, in fact, delete all of her emails earlier this year, but it is possible that she never managed to physically damage the server itself to the degree that all of the information on it would be lost forever. Thus, the server, which is now in the possession of the FBI and Department of Justice investigators, could still pull up some of the confidential emails that Clinton thought would never see the light of day.But Platte River s statement to The Post might also be an example of the company running interference for the Clintons.Boian, it should be noted, is representing Platte River Networks through his small, Colorado-based public relations firm Dovetail Solutions, which also employs top Clinton operative David Goodfriend, a major Washington cyber security lobbyist and friend of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Platte River Networks  vice president David DeCamillis also went to high school with Clinton s 2008 tech chief Nathaniel Pearlman, who supervised Clinton s server manager Bryan Pagliano.Pagliano has pleaded the Fifth to protect himself from having to give up any information about his work on Clinton s server.Via: Breitbart",0
15212,NYC’S “PROGRESSIVE” MAYOR BEHAVES LIKE A 2-YEAR OLD: DeBlasio literally stares down former Mayor Giuliani,"WHAT A NUT! New York s Mayor DeBlasio gives the evil eye and stares down former Mayor Giuliani or criticizing him for the liberal policies that have lead to a surge of homelessness on the streets.Mayor de Blasio couldn t hide his feelings about nemesis Rudy Giuliani, giving him a piercing stare Friday during the 9/11 ceremony at Ground Zero. Only hours before they shared the stage at the solemn event, Giuliani for the second time this week criticized de Blasio for misrepresenting the city s homeless crisis.  OK, here s how ignorant Mayor de Blasio is. He said that there were 40 percent more homeless people during my administration,  Giuliani said on Fox 5, adding the mayor misquoted that statistic, which The New York Times put at 32 percent. Giuliani also said the spike was only in the shelter population, not in the number of homeless on the street.  People who are in shelters, I would like to inform the mayor, are not homeless,  Giuliani sniffed. The two mayors have been locked in a war of words since Giuliani blasted de Blasio and his  progressive views  for allowing vagrants to sleep on the streets in a Post op-ed last Sunday. De Blasio fired back, calling the ex-mayor  delusional  and saying homelessness rose by 40 percent under his watch between 1994 to 2001.  [Giuliani] clearly doesn t remember the fact that he chased   as he said   he chased and chased people, but he also deprived families of benefits they needed and health care they needed,  de Blasio said earlier this week. But Giuliani patted himself and his successor, ex-Mayor Mike Bloomberg, on the back for cleaning up the streets.  All you had to do was live in this city and you know that when I was mayor, there was very little homelessness in this city. They were in shelters,  Giuliani told Fox 5 on Friday.Read more: NYP",0
15213,NEVER FORGET? College Students Give DISTURBING Answers About Why America Was Attacked On 9/11 [VIDEO],Baffling the worst terrorist attack in history and you d think American college students would have a clue about why we were attacked. ,0
15214,(Video) Hilarious! Donald Trump on Jimmy Fallon Interviews Himself,Trump handles this in a great way! Pretty funny! ,0
15215,SAY WHAT?! Muslim Women Can Now Cover Their Faces For License Picture In Obama’s Home State Of Illinois,"Soooo ah, what s the point of the picture?Not to worry though muslim women never commit acts of jihad right? To prevent religious discrimination, the state of Illinois plans to start mailing fliers to employees at offices that issue drivers licenses and photo IDs to remind them that people are not required to remove  articles of faith  for their photos. The state s efforts follow complaints from Muslim and Sikh agencies that some residents have been asked to remove religious head coverings.The Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund brought the issue to Illinois  Secretary of State s office about a year ago after Sikh residents complained that they had been asked to take off their dastaars, the turbans Sikhs wear around their heads, for photos. We had been getting complaints from around the states from Sikh Americans who were being asked to remove or modify their turbans to get their photo ID,  the executive director Jasjit Singh told Fusion Friday.Muslims became the state s fastest growing and third-largest group in 2012, according to the Chicago Tribune. And while there is no readily available state data about the Sikh population, there are half a million Sikhs living in the United States.A spokesperson for Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White emphasized to Fusion that it has always been illegal to ask people to remove their head covering, and that the fliers serve as a reminder for government employees of how to respect religious diversity. No change has actually taken place to our procedures,  said Henry Haupt, Deputy Press Secretary for the Secretary of State s office.  What we re doing was always allowed the religious head coverings of this nature but what we want to ensure is that the public s aware of them because we were told that some individuals were unaware that they could have their photo taken for the drivers license wearing them. We re always mindful of the fact that we want to communicate well with the public. Via: IB Times",0
15216,[VIDEO] FLASHBACK TO THE LIE ABOUT THE VIDEO ON THE OTHER 9-11: #NeverForget The 4 Brave Men Who Were Left To Die In #Benghazi,"#NeverForget Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, Chris Doherty and Ambassador Christopher Stevens:This disgusting excuse for a  Commander in Chief  and his serial criminal Sec. of State stood in front of grieving families, friends, military members and international TV cameras and LIED about  reason our embassy was attacked in Benghazi in an attempt to cover for the deaths of 4 brave men:Watch Barack Hussein Obama lying stumbling through his answer to Fox News journalist, Ed Henry about Benghazi:https://youtu.be/VrngkuWKXE8Watch Judge Jeanine expose all of the lies of Benghazi and rip Obama and Hillary apart over their deceit and betrayal of these young men with promising futures:And finally, Sean Smith s mother has a Mother s Day message for Hillary: ",0
15217,Liberal Actor Scammed Out of 50K by Bernie Sanders Super Pac,"Bond, James Bond Daniel Craig is out of nearly $50,000 after donating to a questionable Super PAC. The actor who plays a character that is generally on the right side of the ruse might have been deceived out of a large sum of money.Two months ago, James Bond actor Daniel Craig gave nearly $50 thousand to a super PAC that misrepresented an affiliation to Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), and now has no idea where his money is, or where it is being spent.Craig donated $47,300 to Americans Socially United in July, a super PAC that was previously known by the names  Bet on Bernie 2016,  and  Ready for Bernie Sanders 2016,  before the Federal Election Commission deemed the committee to have no link to the Vermont senator.A report that was released Thursday by the Center for Public Integrity called in to question ASU s founder, a man named Cary Lee Peterson, and legitimacy of the organization. The report also questions whether Daniel Craig and others may have been tricked out of their money, as Peterson has a checkered past, which has been well-documented by the Center.Peterson, whose age and addresses cannot be verified, has  has routinely run afoul of creditors and the law   including stiffing one of the nation s largest news companies out of a six-figure sum,  the report states.Peterson also has a rap sheet, which includes a 2014 arrest in Arizona for disorderly conduct, and a 2007 conviction for  extreme DUI,  in addition to numerous other financial and legal troubles.A representative for Craig confirmed to Variety Thursday the Briton, who is a U.S. resident, is among a number of Sanders supporters who have unwittingly given money to the third party PAC.Via: Breitbart",0
15218,YOU’VE BEEN “TRUMPED”: Trump’s Response To Prez Candidate Bobby Jindal’s Attack On Him Is Epic [VIDEO],"You know what they say about playing with fire Here are Jindal s comments about Trump:Here is Trump s epic response to Jindal s comments:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him. I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I ve been proven right.Posted by Donald J. Trump on Thursday, 10 September 2015",0
15219,(VIDEO) BALTIMORE MAYOR GIVES TOTALLY INSANE REASON FOR GIVING $6.4 MILLION TO FREDDIE GRAY FAMILY,The reason the Baltimore Mayor gives for the huge settlement to the Gray family is just insane! Just listen to her state that this settlement could prevent a future riot. Who is she trying to fool here? Is she getting a kick back from this settlement? A much better use for the $6.4 million would be to help the businesses who lost everything in the riots because the police were told to stand down and do nothing while the city burned. ,0
15220,MEDIA LIE EXPOSED: DAD OF 3 YEAR OLD DROWNED SYRIAN BOY Was Really Going To Europe To Get Teeth Fixed [VIDEO],"Here s how the mainstream media spun this story:Here s the truth:Details about the Syrian family of the three-year old boy, who drowned as they made their way to Europe from Turkey on a small dingy, began to emerge recently and some things do not add up.According to The Wall Street Journal, Abdullah Kurdi, the little boy s father, was living in a relatively safe area in a Turkish town for three years while working on construction sites for 50 Turkish lira (roughly $17) a day.However, Kurdi told a Syrian radio station it was not enough to support himself and his family and he relied on his sister Tima Kurdi, who is a 20-year resident of Canada, to assist in paying the rent.It should be noted that Tima told reporters Thursday that the family just came to Turkey last year, even though WSJ points out he came to Turkey three years ago, and his Facebook  shows pictures of the family in Istanbul crossing the Bosporus and feeding pigeons next to the famous Yeni Cami, or new mosque. Tima told WSJ that their father was still in Syria and advised his son to leave Turkey and go to Europe and have his teeth fixed. Once in Europe, he was instructed to find a way to bring his entire family over from Turkey. Tima wired  1,000 ($1,100) to her brother for the trip one month ago.According to The Ottawa Citizen, Turkey does not register thousands of Syrian Kurdish refugees in the country exit visas, as the UN does not register them as refugees.  I was trying to sponsor them, and I have my friends and my neighbours who helped me with the bank deposits, but we couldn t get them out, and that is why they went in the boat. I was even paying rent for them in Turkey, but it is horrible the way they treat Syrians there,  Tima told The Ottawa Citizen.Other reports say the family was fleeing Kobane in Syria, an area that ISIS attacked previously, but the WSJ report as well as others say the family wanted to leave Turkey for reasons that were not ISIS or war related. If we go, we go all of us,  Ms. Kurdi recounted him telling her. She said she spoke to his wife last week, who told her she was scared of the water and couldn t swim. I said to her,  I cannot push you to go. If you don t want to go, don t go,  she said.  But I guess they all decided they wanted to do it all together. The family boarded a 15-foot boat intended to take them from the Turkish resort town of Bodrum to the Greek Island of Kos.According to earlier reports, the family s application for asylum in Canada was rejected by Canada, but Canadian immigration authorities told the BBC they had no record of receiving an application for refugee status from Abdullah. Tima later admitted the asylum application for the family was never submitted.Tragically, the boat capsized Wednesday. Twelve passengers died as a result including Abdullah s young sons and wife. He was the only member of his family to survive, but the photo of his 3-year old drowned child on a Turkish beach made headlines across the globe.One Australian politician blamed the father for the death of the boy when the Australian Parliament debated the refugee issue. Senator Cory Bernardi told Australia s Parliament he was not swayed by  these emotive arguments, and in particular to characterise this as some sort of humanitarian mission .While acknowledging that the boy s death was a tragedy, he said:  That boy and his family had lived in Turkey for three years. The money for that boy s father to pay the people smugglers was sent from Canada.  He added,  The father sent them on that boat so the father could get dental treatment. They were in no fear, they were in no persecution and they were in no danger in Turkey. Via: Daily Caller",0
15221,STATE DEPT EMPLOYEE TAPPED TO OVERSEE HILLARY EMAIL SCANDAL Donated $2700 To Her Campaign Only 2 Months Ago,"You seriously can t make up this stuff State Dept's new 'email czar' to deal with Clinton records requests donated $2,700 to Clinton campaign just weeks ago pic.twitter.com/S2nxW1KgiK  Ted Bridis (@tbridis) September 8, 2015Via: Weasel Zippers",0
15222,DIRTY HARRY REID DECLARES VICTORY ON IRAN DEAL AS MORE DEMS GIVE SUPPORT,"Three more Senators threw their support behind Obama s Iran deal to further seal a victory for the Democrats. My Senator just announced he s backing the deal which doesn t surprise me   he does what he s told to do. Wouldn t it be nice if these goofballs had the strength to reject this deal instead of the saying it s  better than no deal at all . Really? What a joke! They obviously aren t listening to the American people:Less Than a Quarter of Americans Approve of Nuclear Agreement with IranDick Chaney and other foreign policy experts are warning the Democrats that this deal is not a good one:  The deal with Iran will have profound consequences.    Dick ChaneyDem Sen. Joe Manchin: Iran Nuclear Deal Endangers American SecurityHARRY REID CLAIMS VICTORY WITH THE IRAN DEAL: The deal President Obama and other world leaders struck with Iran is the  best chance  to stop the Islamic Republic s nuclear program, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday in a speech setting the stage for the intense floor fight over the agreement.Mr. Reid, Nevada Democrat, will be the key figure in leading support for Mr. Obama, and he has now mustered enough backers to mount a filibuster, which would deliver an early victory and prevent the deal from even having to go back to the White House for a final veto showdown. This agreement will stand,  Mr. Reid said in a speech at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.Three new senators declared support for the deal Tuesday morning, giving Democrats 41 backers of the agreement. That is enough to guarantee they can sustain their filibuster and bottle the debate up in the Senate.Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Gary Peters of Michigan all threw their support behind the deal.Mr. Blumenthal called the agreement  better than no deal at all,  while Mr. Peters said he was only  reluctantly  backing it, and still had  serious reservations. Read more: Washington Times",0
15223,"SAY WHAT? CITY OF BALTIMORE TO PAY DRUG DEALER, FREDDIE GRAY’S FAMILY $6.4 MILLION","The City of Baltimore proposed a $6.4 million dollar settlement to the Freddie Gray family leaving people wondering if this is an admission of liability. What kind of trial will the six accused officers get now that this has been proposed? The family of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man whose death from a spinal cord injury while in police custody set off riots in Baltimore in April, has reached a $6.4 million settlement with the city, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced Tuesday.The proposed settlement, which will be taken up by the Board of Estimates   the panel that approves contracts and purchases for the city   at its meeting on Wednesday, does not  constitute an admission of liability on the part of the city, the Baltimore Police Department, individual Baltimore Police officers,  or anyone else who might be responsible for Mr. Gray s death, Ms. Rawlings-Blake said in a statement.The settlement comes as judicial hearings are just beginning in the cases of six officers facing criminal charges in Mr. Gray s death. Last week, Judge Barry G. Williams of the Baltimore City Circuit Court ruled that the six would be tried separately; on Thursday, Judge Williams will conduct another hearing to consider a request by defense lawyers to move the trials outside Baltimore. The proposed settlement agreement going before the Board of Estimates should not be interpreted as a judgment on the guilt or innocence of the officers facing trial,  Ms. Rawlings-Blake said. The proposed settlement will be paid as $2.8 million in the current fiscal year and $3.6 million in the year beginning in July 2016.Mr. Gray was arrested April 12 in West Baltimore, a blighted neighborhood of boarded-up rowhouses. His death on April 19 set off nearly two weeks of largely peaceful protests, followed by a night of looting and arson   the worst rioting Baltimore has seen since 1968. It also opened a deep wound in Baltimore, a majority black city with an African-American mayor and a history of tensions between black residents and the police.In filing criminal charges against the six officers, the state s attorney for Baltimore City, Marilyn J. Mosby, has asserted they improperly arrested and shackled Mr. Gray, flouting police rules and standards of decency by loading him into a police van without required safety restraints, and ignoring his pleas for help during the ride. Ms. Mosby has argued that the spinal cord injury that killed Mr. Gray occurred while he was being transported in the van.The six face varying charges. Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr., the driver of the police van in which Mr. Gray was injured, is charged with second-degree depraved-heart murder   in essence, murder with willful disregard for human life. Sgt. Alicia D. White, Lt. Brian Rice and Officer William G. Porter are charged with manslaughter. Officers Edward M. Nero and Garrett Miller face lesser charges, including second-degree assault.On Thursday, lawyers for the six officers are expected to argue before Judge Williams that the officers cannot get a fair trial in Baltimore because of the intense publicity surrounding the case.Via: NYT",0
15224,"SHOCKING! EVIDENCE SHOWS WHY OBAMA IS HEART OF VIOLENT #BlackLivesMatter COP KILLING, ANTI-WHITE MOVEMENT"," There will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  -Reverend Jeremiah Wright, Barack Hussein Obama s pastor for over 20 yearsWhen the organization known as Black Lives Matter (BLM) was first formed right after George Zimmerman s acquittal in the death of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013, most overlooked the true intentions of the group beyond their calls for  justice . Fast forward to today and it can no longer be overlooked that their calls for justice now result in retaliatory violence against those whom they believe are the oppressors, namely those being white people in general and police officers specifically. By tracing the origins of the organization back to its philosophical formation in the 1960 s, we can begin to see how BLM is rooted in the radical ideological beliefs espoused by none other than President Barack Obama.Before we get to that point though, it is crucial for us to understand that BLM was founded by three militant feminists by the name of Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors, and Opel Tometi.While each played their part in contributing to the creation of the group, Garza is the driving force as she detailed the philosophy behind BLM in her October 2014 article titled A Herstory of the #BlackLivesMatter Movement. Garza writes the following in regards to BLM s philosophy: Black Lives Matter is a unique contribution that goes beyond extrajudicial killings of Black people by police and vigilantes. It goes beyond the narrow nationalism that can be prevalent within some Black communities, which merely call on Black people to love Black, live Black and buy Black, keeping straight cis Black men in the front of the movement while our sisters, queer and trans and disabled folk take up roles in the background or not at all. Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks, disabled folks, Black-undocumented folks, folks with records, women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum. It centers those that have been marginalized within Black liberation movements. It is a tactic to (re)build the Black liberation movement. The key takeaway from Garza s statement is found in the last two sentences primarily as she notes that BLM was created with the intention to  (re)build the Black liberation movement.  The reason this statement is of utter importance is because it ties directly to the idea of Black Liberation theology, which was the doctrine taught to Obama for over twenty years at his church in Chicago made famous by Obama s pastor, Jeremiah Wright. Black Liberation theology was first formed on July 31, 1966. In an article published by NPR it is noted that: Black liberation theology originated on July 31, 1966, when 51 black pastors bought a full page ad in the New York Times and demanded a more aggressive approach to eradicating racism echo[ing] the demands of the black power movement. What is often overlooked in the formation of the group is the linkage between the Nation of Islam and Black Liberation theology as Wright s mentor and founder of Black Liberation theology James Cone credited Malcolm X with  shaking him out of his theological complacency. Stanley Kurtz of National Review highlighted this synergy in noting that according to Cone,  The black intellectual s goal is to aid in the destruction of America as he knows it.  Such destruction requires both black anger and white guilt. The black-power theologian s goal is to tell the story of American oppression so powerfully and precisely that white men will  tremble, curse, and go mad, because they will be drenched with the filth of their evil , wrote Cone.In an excerpt from Stanley Kurtz s piece drawing on the influence of Malcom X on Black Liberation theology, Kurtz states:So what exactly is  black power ? Echoing Malcolm X, Cone defines it as  complete emancipation of black people from white oppression by whatever means black people deem necessary.  Open, violent rebellion is very much included in  whatever means ; like the radical anti-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon, on whom he sometimes draws, Cone sees violent rebellion as a transformative expression of the humanity of the oppressed Theologically,  Cone affirms,  Malcolm X was not far wrong when he called the white man the devil. The false Christianity of the white-devil oppressor must be replaced. Couple these words to Obama s pastor Jeremiah Wright s statement that  there will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  and you can begin to understand that the rhetoric behind Black Lives Matter that blames  white privilege  for virtually everything is rooted in Black Liberation theology. However Wright was radicalized , notes Bud White of NoQuarterUSA,  it is clear that he consciously appropriated the language and tenor of the Nation of Islam.  White documents the following:Wright s statement that 9/11 was deserved retribution ( We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans America s chickens are coming home to roost ) is a perfect echo of Malcolm X s statement that  The assassination of Kennedy is a result of that way of life and thinking. The chickens came home to roost.  Although it appears that Wright began his focus on Black Liberation Theology sometime after 1966, his racial attitudes and rhetoric have imitated that of NOI since at least 1970. Wright s blaming the United States for creating AIDS to kill minorities is but just one example of his thinking being in lockstep with NOI.The Nation of Islam and Black Liberation Theology are two doors to the same room.Black Liberation Theology is a  palatable  form of  Christian  black nationalism. The fiery anti-American, race-baiting words of Wright, Cone, and others behind the theology of Black Liberation  are from the same philosophical cauldron as the Nation of Islam , concludes White.From the beliefs that served as Obama s bedrock foundation for his ideology, is it any wonder that today that the radicals behind Black Lives Matter and the Nation of Islam are allowed a free pass to incite as much hatred and retaliation against those they deem are the oppressors? As violence has ramped up in the first half of 2015 in targeted assassinations against police officers, little to no coverage by the media is given to a meeting that was hosted by the White House on December 1st.On December 1, 2014, Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder met with seven Black and Latino organizers   from Ferguson, Mo.; Columbus, Ohio; Miami, Florida; and New York City, who had been leading the ongoing actions to disrupt the status quo. In an article posted by the website FergusonAction, it is explained that during this meeting activists such as Ashley Yates were given the platform by the White House in order to reaffirm their belief that  most violence in our (their) community is coming from the police departments, and something needs to be done about it.  On December 20th  something was done about it  as two uniformed NYPD officers were assassinated in their marked car by Ismaaiyl Brinsley in what Brinsley himself boasted as an act of retaliation for the death of Michael Brown in Missouri and Eric Garner in New York at the hands of the police.Ashley Yates, BLM Organizer who created t-shirt praising cop killer, Assata ShakurThe reason Yates is emphasized here is because she, like BlackLivesMatter founder Alicia Garza, praise cop killer and former Black Liberation member Assata Shakur as a martyr for their cause.Alicia Garza, BLM founderYates even created T-shirts and hoodies that read  ASSATA TAUGHT ME  in a reference to Shakur that has become part of BLM s iconography. The fact that the president would even entertain the thought of meeting with those like Yates and other  activists  who hold cop killers as icons for their movement further goes to show how Obama s belief in Black Liberation theology, primarily that retaliation and violence should be used to further their cause, has never left him. Why else would Obama have met with these  activists  unless he was sympathetic to their plight, which given the fact that Obama spent over twenty years of his life listening to Jeremiah Wright s sermons, he very much is. Since this meeting though, what cannot be dismissed is the fact that violence in the form of targeted assassinations of both white people and police officers, have ramped up.And it will only get worse the longer we continue to allow Obama s Department of Justice to remain idly complicit.Via: Politically Short",0
15225,DC CHIEF OF POLICE DENIES CONCEALED WEAPONS PERMITS…NO JAIL…Christian Clerk Refuses To Issue Same Sex Marriage Licenses…Guess Where She Ends Up,"This is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of America follows Kim Davis, the Democrat Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue same-sex marriage licenses because of religious objections, was ordered to jail for contempt of court last Thursday. She suggested a compromise of removing her name from the licenses, but Federal District Court Judge David Bunning wouldn t even grant that reasonable compromise.Contrast this with Cathy Lanier, chief of the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia, refusing to issue concealed weapons permits to people unless they can arbitrarily show a  good reason,  nothing required by law. A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction in May stopping her from denying the permits, although notably he did not send Lanier to jail for contempt.Similarly, county sheriffs in California had been denying concealed weapons permits to applicants who failed to show a need beyond self-defense. Last November, the Ninth Circuit ruled that the sheriffs were violating the law. None of those sheriffs were sent to jail, despite the fact that people around the country have died unable to obtain a permit to carry concealed.Or contrast it with the irony of San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ordering clerks to issue same-sex marriage licenses in 2004, contrary to state law. The California Attorney General sued him and the California Supreme Court ultimately put an end to the practice, but Newsom was never sent to jail.Newsom also violated federal law by making San Francisco a sanctuary city in 2007, contrary to existing federal law, but nothing happened to him. The city s sanctuary status resulted in the death of Kate Steinle in July, who was shot by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times and had seven felony convictions. This is a far more drastic result than a clerk who merely does not want her name on marriage licenses, yet nothing is being done to the current mayor of San Francisco, Ed Lee. In 2012, Tonya Parker, a lesbian judge in Texas said she would not issue marriage licenses to heterosexual couples until same-sex marriage was legalized. She wasn t put in jail for violating the law, nor does it appear she was even disciplined at all.Not everyone would have taken the position Davis did, some Christians might have resigned rather than deal with a huge battle. Others might not have had such strong objections, viewing matters of sexuality best left alone and without government interference. When I was an Assistant Attorney General for the State of Arizona, I represented agencies like the Arizona Commission on the Arts. Philosophically, I disagreed with its very existence. But I was able to separate my personal views from government laws to perform my job.The one thing all reasonable people can agree upon is that Davis was singled out and punished disproportionately compared to other public officials who didn t comply with controversial laws.This isn t about same-sex marriage, nor is it even about gay issues. It is merely one tactic in a larger goal to remove Christianity from the public sphere. There are reasonable compromises that could have been made between those Christians with conscientious objections and the LGBT community   plenty of gays consider themselves Christians   but the left is deliberately pushing for maximum conflict between the two groups in order to push one out of society.An Oregon judge announced on Friday that he will not perform same-sex marriages. Unlike the lesbian judge who said she would not perform heterosexual marriages, Judge Vance Day was immediately put under an ethics investigation by the Oregon Commission of Judicial Fitness and Disability, which plans to hold a hearing in November.This won t end with public employment. As the public sphere goes, so goes the private sphere. If companies balk, anti-discrimination laws can be used to force them to comply. The left intends to stamp religion out of society, until Christians are left secretly worshiping in their homes, hiding their status outside of the home. This is because the left fundamentally disagrees with Judeo-Christian ethics, which contradict its foundation of anything goes.Until conservatives wake up and start realizing the judicial branch, controlled by the left, has become the most lethal branch, the biggest threat of the three branches to our country and freedom, it will continue abusing the legal system to stamp out conservatism and religion from society. Via: Townhill",0
15226,OBAMA USES LABOR DAY TO HARM PRIVATE SECTOR WITH NEW EXECUTIVE ORDER Giving Government An Unfair Advantage With Workers,"Barack Obama, champion of the taxpayer funded government employee. Destroyer of the private sector President Barack Obama on Monday ordered government contractors to offer their workers seven days of paid sick leave a year and, without naming them, knocked Republican presidential candidates for advocating what he said were anti-union policies.Obama signed an executive order on sick leave, which the White House said would affect some 300,000 people, during a flight to Boston, where he spoke at a union event.Starting in 2017, workers on government contracts will earn a minimum of one hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours worked. Contractors can offer more generous amounts at their discretion.Speaking to a friendly crowd without a tie or jacket, Obama said such policies were beneficial to employers and said more worker friendly measures, such as paid maternity leave, were needed. Right now, we are the only advanced nation on Earth that does not guarantee paid maternity leave,  he said. Now, for the men in the audience in particular, think about that. We wouldn t even go to work if we had to carry around somebody for nine months. The human race would evaporate,  he said, drawing laughter and applause from the crowd.Unions and organized labor are a key constituent for the Democratic Party, and their support will be critical in the 2016 presidential election.Obama, who joked that he was glad not to be on the ballot next year, made thinly veiled references to Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for anti-union remarks and policies. He did not name them by name. It s clear he stands with the big government union bosses while we stand with the people,  Walker, during a campaign stop in New Hampshire, said in response to the president.The executive order follows a series of measures by the White House to expand access to paid leave. In January, Obama issued a presidential memorandum directing the government to advance up to six weeks of paid sick leave for the birth or adoption of a child, or for other sick leave-eligible uses.Obama is also pressing Congress to pass legislation giving government employees six additional weeks of paid parental leave. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said he could not say what the cost of implementing the seven-day paid leave rule would be to contractors. We believe the cost of implementing this rule is offset by the efficiencies that come with reduced attrition, increased loyalty, all of those things that have been documented in a number of studies of state laws that have been enacted,  Perez told reporters on a conference call on Sunday.Obama also used the trip to Boston to renew his call for Congress to pass the Healthy Families Act, which would require all businesses with 15 or more employees to offer up to seven paid sick days each year.According to the White House, an estimated 44 million private-sector workers, about 40 percent of the total private-sector workforce, do not have access to paid sick leave. Via: Reuters",0
15227,“I LIVE IN ABSURDISTAN”: A Warning For America About Mass Migration [Video],"Ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ingrid Carlqvist and I was born in Sweden in 1960, when the Social Democrats were gonna rule forever and ever and our country was the nicest and safest and most progressed in the world. Now I live in Absurdistan   a country that has the highest figure of reported rapes in the world, hundreds of so called  exclusion areas  where people live outside the Swedish society and with newspapers that hide all these horrible facts [from] the people.I feel just like Dorothy Gale in The Wizard of Oz   a tornado came and blew me miles and miles away from home and dumped me in a country I don t know. Toto, I have a feeling we re not in Sweden anymore. Like Dorothy I m searching for a way to find my home, but on my path I only meet lions without courage, scarecrows without brains and tin men without hearts.When I grew up our prime minister was Tage Erlander, a Social Democrat. In 1965 he said in parliament, after violent race riots in America: We Swedes live in a so infinitely happier situation. The population in our country is homogeneous, not just according to race but also in many other aspects. Now I live in a nation that is not homogenous in any respect. Olof Palme that came after him decided that homogeneous was a bad thing and opened up our borders for people from all over the world. And from right to left the politicians told us that there was no such thing as a Swedish culture, no Swedish traditions worth mentioning and that we Swedes should be grateful that so many people with REAL culture and REAL traditions came to us.Mona Sahlin, a later leader of the Social Democrats, said in an interview [in] 2002 with the magazine Euroturk, when asked what Swedish culture is:I ve often had that question, but I can t think of what Swedish culture is. I think that is what makes us Swedes so envious of immigrants. You have a culture, an identity, something that ties you together. What do we have? We have Midsummer s Eve and such corny things.She also said: The Swedes must integrate into the new Sweden. The old Sweden is not coming back.In this New Sweden we have more reported rapes than any other country in the European Union, according to a study by professor Liz Kelly from England. More than 5 000 rapes or attempted rapes were reported in 2008 (last year it was more than 6 000). In 2010 another study reported that just one country in the world has more rapes than Sweden, and that is Lesotho in South Africa. For every 100,000 inhabitants Lesotho has 92 reported rapes, Sweden has 53, The United States 29, Norway 20 and Denmark 7.In 1990 the authorities counted 3 exclusion areas in Sweden, suburbs where mostly immigrants live, where very few have a job to go to, almost all of them live by welfare and the children don t pass their exams. In 2002 they counted 128 exclusion areas. In 2006 we had 156 and then they stopped counting. In some cities, like Malm  where I live, a third of all inhabitants live in an exclusion area.What did Tage Erlander mean when he said that the Swedish population was homogeneous, not just according to race but also in many other aspects? I think he meant things like norms, values, culture and traditions. A feeling of fellowship. That we all, in the Old Sweden, had a similar view of what a good society is and how we solve conflicts. He KNEW what the Swedish culture was all about, in contrast to Mona Sahlin.In the New Sweden we need armed police officers at our hospitals because rivalling families fight each other in the hospital rooms. They gun each other down in open streets and they rob and beat old people up. The crime rate grows by the minute, but the Swedish politicians and journalists tell us that it has absolutely nothing to do with immigration. The fact that our prisons are full of foreign people is just a coincidence or is explained by socio-economic factors.For many years I was a journalist in the mainstream media. But I was always a bit of a troublemaker, always suspicious of what people said was THE TRUTH. When everybody ran in one direction, I turned around in the other direction to see what was there.In January 2011 something happened to make me loose my last hope about Swedish journalists. I was the vice chairman of The Society of Publicists in Malm  and had invited the Danish journalist Mikael Jalving to talk about his coming book  Absolute Sweden   a Journey in the Country of Silence.  One day the chairman phoned me and said: We must cancel Mikael Jalving because he is going to talk at a meeting arranged by a newspaper called National Today.It didn t matter to him, or to anyone else on the board of this society for journalists that Jalving was going to talk about his book. If he went to that meeting he would be infected by nationalist ideas and probably he would become a Nazi.You see, everyone with a different opinion in Sweden really IS a Nazi!That s the way it works in the New Sweden, the country I call Absurdistan. The country of silence.I was furious and left the board of that society. That led to my being invited to The Danish Free Press Society to talk about the strange country of Sweden and that led to my founding of The Swedish Free Press Society.That is how Lars Hedegaard and I found each other. But we didn t settle for running one Free Press Society each; since we both have a solid background as journalists we decided to start a newspaper. A good old, old-fashioned printed newspaper. We decided to call it Dispatch International because our vision is that this newspaper will become worldwide one day. But first we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin. Or rather   first we take Scandinavia and then we take the world!Dispatch will be printed in two versions   one Danish and one Swedish   but all the stories are the same. And on the internet you will be able to read our stories in English and German as well. We will write about politics in our countries and in the world. We will write about all those things that mainstream media have been hiding for so many years now. We will distinguish between news stories and commentaries and the tone will be subdued. We will let the facts talk, the facts that mainstream journalists hide from people.The situation in Sweden is far worse than in Denmark. In Sweden NOBODY talks about immigration problems, the death of the multiculti project or the Islamisation/Arabisation of Europe. If you do, you will immediately be called a racist, an Islamophobe or a Nazi. That is what I have been called since I founded the Free Press Society in Sweden. My name has been dragged through the dirt in big newspapers like Sydsvenskan, Svenska Dagbladet and even my own union paper, The Journalist.So now I need you all to be my Glinda, the Good Witch of the North, and help me find my home again! I don t think it will work to tap the heels of my ruby slippers together three times as Dorothy did to wake up in her bedroom in Kansas. But if you support Dispatch by taking a subscription or become a shareholder or just donate money to us, you will take me one step closer to home. To the Sweden that once was, the Sweden I want back.Via: Frontpage Magazine",0
15228,SHOCK POLL: TRUMP GETS SUPPORT FROM BLACK VOTERS Like Never Seen By Any Republican Presidential Candidate,"Trump continues to stump the pundits. So much for conventional political wisdom For all the talk about Donald Trump allegedly driving minorities away from the Republican Party, could he actually bring people in?A SurveyUSA poll released Friday shows in a hypothetical matchup with Hillary Clinton, Trump is ahead 45% to 40%.But digging into the racial breakdown of the respondents is revealing. For example, the poll finds 25% of black respondents say they would vote for Trump over Clinton.How impressive is that? Let s look at the last several presidential results for Republicans.When President Obama was running for re-election, despite a sputtering economy that was impacting blacks the worst, Mitt Romney was able to muster only 6% of the black vote, according to the Roper Center at the University of Connecticut.At the time Obama was facing off against John McCain in 2008, the Republican received a measly 4%, according stats from to the Roper Center.When George W. Bush was running for re-election in 2004, he only did a little better than McCain. The organization reports Bush received 11% of the black vote, while in 2000, he received 9%.According to the SurveyUSA poll, Trump would more than double the best result for a Republican in modern American history.Looking at the last 10 presidential election cycles, the highest black vote share for a Republican was 12% for Bob Dole in 1996.Interestingly, Trump is also outpacing Romney s support among Hispanics.The SurveyUSA poll finds 31% of Hispanics would vote for Trump. In the 2012 general election, Romney received only 27%, according to the Roper Center. Via: The American Mirror",0
15229,TEFLON DON: TRUMP SOARS AS BUSH CRASHES,"One thing about Donald Trump that s so appealing to Americans is that he s not a professional politician and speaks with great honesty. The canned answers of his opponents leave the people feeling empty and uninspired. Jeb Bush is just one example of the snooze fest that happens when a professional politician speaks. However you feel about  Teflon Don , he s one of a kind and passionate about America. I have to say I really look forward to his press conferences. New polls from NBC News and Marist out from New Hampshire and Iowa show that, once again, billionaire Donald Trump is winning a fight with yet another career politician: This time, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.Bush s position in the all-important first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa has deteriorated significantly as he s at a meager 6 percent in a poll with a margin of error of 5.5 percent meaning he s slipping further and further into the lower tiers of candidates there. Trump, meanwhile, is at 29 percent in Iowa while fellow political outsider and conservative Dr. Ben Carson is at 22 percent. The two of them Carson and Trump combined earn 51 percent of the GOP primary electorate in Iowa. Throw in Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO who s also never held political office and is currently at 5 percent, and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96%  another political outsider who s only held office for two years in the U.S. Senate and is at 4 percent and a strong majority of 60 percent of Iowa Republicans support a political outsider and not another Bush.The concurrently released poll from the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire shows a nearly identical trend there. New Hampshire, which unlike Iowa is a pretty much must-win-state for Bush to be able to get the nomination or at least to get it early enough that there isn t a convention feud later, clearly doesn t like him. Trump tops the field again with 28 percent. Carson is in third with 11 percent. Bush has slipped back to fourth place with just 8 percent a six-point slide from when Trump got in the race in July, when the same pollsters found him at 14 percent an embarrassingly low number for the guy who is supposed to the frontrunner at this point. What s more, in second place just ahead of Carson but still quite a ways behind Trump is Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 12 percent. That means Kasich another establishment-minded Republican candidate has moved Bush out of the way and essentially blown past him as the new establishment frontrunner.These new polling results come amid a renewed fight between Trump and Bush over the past couple weeks. Trump has always had his guns trained on not just Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, but Bush as the GOP establishment frontrunner, since the beginning of the race. He hit Bush in his announcement speech and has repeatedly aggressively criticized the former governor as weak, lacking leadership skills and part of the same old tired political class that s led America down a horrendous path it s currently on.Bush initially tried to challenge Trump at the beginning of the race as having been too tough on illegal immigrants along with a whole host of other politicians and cultural figures who pushed back on Trump s announcement speech but Trump not only survived through that firestorm he came out of it in a much stronger position. So, as other candidates attempted to attack Trump over the past couple months after that, Bush has remained relatively quiet about the front-running billionaire. Trump, meanwhile, has systematically destructed once-promising GOP candidates one at a time as they ve come knocking at his door. One by one, Trump has essentially ended chances at the GOP nomination for former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC)47% and deflated candidacies of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY)93% and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL)80%. Read more: Breitbart News",0
15230,WATCH FEMALE HISPANIC COP’S “ALL LIVES MATTER” VIRAL VIDEO MESSAGE: “I May Get In Trouble For Doing This”,This brave cop (and mommy) reminds us that police officers risk their lives every day without asking what color the person is they are being asked to protect and defend when they get that call from the dispatcher.  She makes a lot of great common sense remarks in this video. It s definitely worth a watch:Lydia Marquez has a Facebook page you can find by clicking here.,0
15231,GREAT VIDEO! THE SILENT MAJORITY SPEAKS UP!,Real Americans speak out about what s happening in America-you ll love this!  Bout time! ,0
15232,"IN A RULING THAT WILL MAKE OBAMA’S HEAD SPIN, Fed Judge Says Telling Illegals “Show Us Your Papers” Is Not Discriminatory","Another victory for one of the most bad ass Sheriff s in America A federal judge has upheld part of Arizona s contentious immigration law, rejecting claims that the so-called  show your papers  section of the law discriminated against Hispanics.The ruling by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton on Friday was on the last of seven challenges to the 2010 law. The section being upheld allows police in Arizona to check the immigration status of anyone they stop.Bolton ruled that immigration rights activists failed to show that police would enforce the law differently for Hispanics than other people. The section is sometimes called the  show your papers  provision.The judge also upheld a section that let police check to see if a detainee is in the United States illegally. Bolton voided any laws targeting day laborers.Karen Tumlin, the legal director of the National Immigration Law Center, one of the parties to the suit, said the group was evaluating its options. We will continue working on behalf of our courageous plaintiffs to show that Arizona can do better than this disgraceful law,  she said in a statement.Bolton s ruling came two days after a federal judge approved a deal between the U.S. Department of Justice and Arizona s Maricopa County to resolve accusations of civil rights abuses and dismissed the department s lawsuit against Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his deputies. Via: Reuters",0
15233,WHY DID THE UN HAVE A PRO-GUN CONTROL MEETING AT SPA IN MEXICO And Why Weren’t Dissenters Allowed?,"Government officials using other people s money to enjoy a swanky seaside vacation in Mexico while discussing how to take away our right to bear arms Sounds about right The first annual meeting of the nations that have ratified the 2014 Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) opened on Monday, August 24 at a spa in Canc n, Mexico. The treaty s been controversial in the U.S. from the moment negotiations on it began, and this meeting will surely stoke the suspicions of those who think the treaty s real aim is to crimp America s sovereignty and constitutional liberties.The meeting was originally supposed to be in Mexico City, but wouldn t you rather spend your off-hours by the pool?Of course, you may think it s weird, or sick, that all these nations pretend to believe that the best place to discuss the arms trade is at a seaside resort. After all, many of them spend all their time pleading poverty and demanding aid from the U.S. to implement the treaty.But frankly, they don t care how bad it looks. They ve got a great boondoggle going, and no one s going to spoil it for them.But everyone s going to Mexico not just because it s got great beaches. Mexico has been one of the leading campaigners for the ATT. It wants to use the treaty to promote gun control in the U.S.Mexico s theory is that, since any gun in the U.S. might at some point conceivably cross the U.S. border, all U.S. guns have to be controlled in the name of controlling the international arms trade. That s not going to happen at this meeting (or ever, if the U.S. retains its sanity).But Mexico, the other nations that agree with it, and  progressive  groups that campaigned for the treaty the blame-America-first activists, in other words are in this game for the long haul. So it s not a good sign that Mexico s been given the job of hosting the first treaty meeting.It s even less good that Mexico s spent much of the past year colluding with the activists to keep skeptics (like myself) out of the room. Their view was that only true believers who campaigned for the treaty should be allowed to see what s going on.You might wonder what they re afraid of. We skeptics make no secret of our views, but we re a well-mannered bunch: no spitballs. However, if we were always in the room, we d report on exactly how closely the activists are working with Mexico and other likeminded nations.The activists led by the global Control Arms Coalition, which has a massive presence at Canc n are the only insiders in the treaty process, and they want to keep it that way.The ATT was adopted through the U.N., which means it was drafted by the world s nations. That s bad, because there are lots of incapable and evil governments in the world. But it s better than the alternative, which was for the ATT to have been drafted solely by the activists.Now that the treaty exists, however, the activists want to take it over and direct it for their own purposes. What they want is to turn the ATT into an arms control and disarmament treaty.Keeping skeptics away is part of that campaign.So far, they ve not succeeded in keeping us out, or in taking over the treaty. But the ATT isn t simply a treaty that s over and done with. Like many treaties, it s a process that will go on and on, in meeting after meeting, year after year. And the activists have lots of people, lots of money, and lots of time.The U.S. s goal in Canc n should be to do whatever it can to prevent the activists from getting any footholds. That means ensuring a treaty secretariat that s strictly limited in its purposes, conference rules that don t privilege the activists, and reporting requirements that don t go beyond current U.S. practice or identify individual U.S. firearms owners.Via: Daily Signal",0
15234,JUDGE WHO JAILED KIM DAVIS HAS A HISTORY OF PUSHING HOMOSEXUAL AGENDA IN SCHOOLS,"Another activist liberal judge who s denying First Amendment rights to Americans. This is very interesting information and the thing that stood out to me is the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Bunning s decision.The federal judge who held Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis in contempt and ordered her to jail for refusing to sign marriage licenses has on two occasions denied Christian students in Kentucky public schools their First Amendment rights by ordering them to undergo re-education training promoting the homosexual lifestyle against their religious objections.In 2003, Federal District Judge David Bunning ordered Boyd County education officials to implement training, which mandated school staff and students undergo diversity education principally  devoted to issues of sexual orientation and gender harassment. A number of students objected to being forced to watch a gaystapo propaganda video denouncing Christian views that opposed homosexuality as wrongheaded and proclaiming homosexuality as a safe, healthy, and fixed lifestyle that cannot be changed.When it was discovered that students would be punished if they didn t undergo the training their parents brought in the Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) legal organization, which sued the Boyd County Board of Education.In 2006, the gaystapo tool was back at it. Once again he tried to force Christian students to watch a gaystapo propaganda video promoting the homosexual lifestyle, and denying Christian students the ability to opt out of the indoctrination training. Bunning ruled that an opt-out was unnecessary because the training didn t mean that students would have to change their religious beliefs.Bunning s decision was overturned in October 2007 by the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Court ruled that a Christian student could seek damages from the school district because the training Bunning imposed had  chilled  the student s ability to express his Christian beliefs about homosexuality to his fellow students.Via: CFP",0
15235,(Video) Joe Biden Thinks China Is In North America,Joe Biden was at Miami Dade College speaking when he made this big mistake: ,0
15236,(VIDEO) YOU’LL BE SHOCKED AT HOW LITTLE PEOPLE UNDERSTAND ABOUT THE IRAN DEAL,"Nukes or No Nukes? This is crazy and people have no clue about any of it. Wakey, wakey America! ",0
15237,(VIDEO) COLLEGE STUDENTS REACT TO NEW BIZARRE GENDER NAMES THEY’RE TOLD TO USE ON CAMPUS,"Young Americans for Freedom at the University of Tennessee, where administrators have suggested students use a new set of gender neutral pronouns, asked their peers to react to the news. How do you think they responded? ",0
15238,"AS IT TURNS OUT, OBAMA HAS LEGITIMATE REASON For Not Making Statement About Recent Murders Of Innocent Cops","He s gone fishin I m very proud to be the first president to travel above the Arctic Circle. Thank you, Alaska for your warmth and your hospitality. It was extraordinary. -boA photo posted by The White House (@whitehouse) on Sep 3, 2015 at 2:17pm PDTThis is how a coward who started a war against whites and law enforcement behaves when he s on a vacation/global warming lying tour and is intentionally avoiding the press    Glad this was the only Bear I met in the park. -bo   A photo posted by The White House (@whitehouse) on Sep 1, 2015 at 10:39pm PDT   All pictures are from there White House Instagram account ",0
15239,[VIDEO] EMBOLDENED BY OBAMA’S LAWLESS AMERICA…BLACK SUPREMACIST THREATENS: “It’s Open Season On Killing White People And Cops”,"Obama has encouraged this type of behavior with his divisive rhetoric, as he proves himself to be a true disciple of the Reverend Wright s church of Black Liberation Theology (hate against whites) After a month that saw law enforcement officers from Texas to New Orleans being targeted and gunned down because they were cops, a new viral video features a self-described black supremacist calling for more deadly assaults on police.https://youtu.be/brX0XcmtVUY It s open season on killing white people and crackers,  King Noble says in a chilling Youtube rant.  The Black Lives Matter movement wasn t enough. Noble calls for more execution-style killings of police officers similar to the slaying of Texas sheriff s Deputy Darren Goforth. It s not safe no more to be white in America. Lurking behind any corner could be an angry black man ready to take yo ass out. It s a reality,  he said.  It s open season on killing whites and police. Via: Breitbart News",0
15240,(Video) Staffer Pleading Fifth On Emails ‘Another Blow’ To Hillary,"Bryan Pagliano is in hot water with this and he knows it. Is water boarding an option here? Seriously, they need his testimony but he s obviously not going to incriminate himself so he pleads the fifth.The State Department IT worker who managed Hillary Clinton s private email server while she was secretary of state will plead the Fifth Amendment if called to testify about his work on the Democratic presidential candidate s mysterious email setup, his attorney informed the House Select Committee on Benghazi this week. The committee subpoenaed Bryan Pagliano on Aug. 11, according to The Washington Post. In addition to testifying on Sept. 10, committee chairman Trey Gowdy asked Pagliano to produce documents related to the servers he managed on behalf of Clinton. Pagliano worked on Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign before moving over to the State Department in May 2009, several months after Clinton took office. He left the agency at the same time as Clinton, in Feb. 2013. But in a letter to the Benghazi Committee on Monday, Mark MacDougall, Pagliano s attorney, said that his client would assert his constitutional right against self-incrimination if called to testify. Pagliano is one of numerous Clinton aides that Gowdy s panel intends to interview. Two of Clinton s top aides will testify this week. Clinton herself is scheduled to publicly testify next month. ",0
15241,(VIDEO) THIS WILL MAKE YOUR DAY! CHICAGO MAYOR EMANUEL RUSHED OUT OF HOSTILE BUDGET MEETING,"A budget meeting was cut short after the mayor s security rushed him off the stage and out of the building. The crowd was hostile and before the mayor s exit, each speaker piled on angry complaint after angry complaint towards him. ",0
15242,WOW! DONALD TRUMP HAMMERS OBAMA ON HIS “Terrible Deal With Iran” WITH THIS BRILLIANT AD [Video],"BRAVO and spot on!Click on picture below to watch :A terrible deal with Iran!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Sep 2, 2015 at 11:11am PDT",0
15243,FOR BERNIE SANDERS FANS: Prisoners Eating Cats To Survive In Socialist Venezuela,"When Other People s Money Runs Out An NGO operating in Venezuela has published videos of starved prisoners in the socialist nation killing, skinning, and cooking cats on aluminum pans in order to survive, as wardens have forbidden families from bringing food and serve only a small cup of rice and water per day.The NGO A Window for Liberty published the videos on their social media pages and have issued a statement condemning the Venezuelan government for human rights abuses against prisoners. The videos were smuggled out by relatives of those in multiple prisons across the country. According to NGO head Carlos Nieto Palma, relatives of inmates from at least four prisons denounced both the lack of food and various forms of physical abuse, including beatings with bats, chains, and heavy wet cloths.The video and photos published by the NGO are from the Centro Penitenciario Metropolitano Yare 3 prison in the northern state of Miranda. Miranda is an opposition stronghold governed by former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski. Relatives of inmates at a different prison in Lara state have protested that they have been banned from bringing food to the inmates despite the fact that the government has claimed the current economic crisis makes it difficult for the state to pay for sufficient food for the inmates.The video of inmates preparing their protein has been posted to Youtube. ****Warning: Graphic****https://youtu.be/d5vQZmky900The NGO also published photos following the skinning of the cat showing how inmates use a makeshift  stove  made out of aluminum foil and what appears to be a match to cook the meat:Reclusos de todo el pa s pasan hambre por falta de alimentaci n en recintos carcelariosLa organizaci n no Posted by UNA VENTANA A LA LIBERTAD on Sunday, August 30, 2015Some inmates have nicknamed the new diet the  Chinese menu,  due to rice being the only thing officially served in prison. Eighty percent of prisons have banned relatives from bringing inmates food despite the crisis. Those outside of prison also suffer through great food shortages, however, as the nation imposed a ration system in supermarkets that has made it nearly impossible to legally purchase such necessary home goods as milk, vegetable oil, and flour. As a result, a black market on the Venezuelan-Colombian border has flourished, where Venezuelans trade their cheap oil for basic foods easily purchased in Colombia.Such human rights violations raise particular questions in Venezuela, where being publicly opposed to the socialist regime of President Nicol s Maduro could easily land anyone in prison. At its peak, the regime was arresting one anti-socialist protester every half hour in 2014. Prisons in the country are overflowing with prisoners of conscience, not just standard criminals.Via: Breitbart News",0
15244,BREAKING UPDATE: [Video] ROOKIE COP IS TERMINATED AFTER FABRICATING STORY ABOUT BEING HIT BY GUNFIRE NEAR BOSTON,"A rookie police officer in Millis who said Wednesday that someone shot his cruiser before it crashed and burst into flames fabricated the story, police said.The officer, 24, said he was traveling on Forest Road when he saw a red or maroon pickup truck traveling in the opposite direction. He said when the two vehicles met, the driver opened fire on the police cruiser, police say. My cruiser s been shot at. I m at Forest Road. It s going to be a dark maroon pickup,  the officer radioed to dispatch at 2:17 p.m.The officer said he spun around, and in an attempt to avoid the gunfire and seek shelter, he slammed into a tree and the cruiser burst into flames. We have determined that the officer s story was fabricated. Specifically, that he fired shots at his own cruiser as a plan to concoct a story that he was fired upon,  Millis Police Sgt. William Dwyer said.  The evidence indicates the shots were not fired by a suspect, and there is no gunman at large in or around the town. A massive manhunt for the alleged gunman was launched. The neighborhood was immediately locked down while police units, including a SWAT team, K-9 officers and a Massachusetts State Police helicopter combed the area.Residents who were told to stay indoors or couldn t get home because of the lockdown said they were dumbfounded that the story may have been made up. With all these police officers actually getting hurt in this world, why he is doing that I don t know,  Nancy Haney said.Dwyer said the officer is new to the force and has not yet attended the police academy. He said the officer will be terminated, and his name will not be released until the investigation is complete. Via: WCBV TVHERE IS THE ORIGINAL STORY:A Massachusetts police cruiser crashed and caught fire after it was struck by gunfire Wednesday afternoon, and now police are looking for the gunman.The incident occurred at approximately 3:00 p.m. in the town of Millis, about 20 miles southwest of Boston, according to Massachusetts State Police.Shepard Smith reported that police have confirmed that an officer was in the vehicle when it was struck by at least one bullet. The officer then ran his car off the road and crashed it, causing the vehicle to catch fire.Police have said they are not aware of any injuries at this time.Shep reported that witnesses say they saw a white man fire a gun from a dark-colored, possibly maroon, pickup truck.State and local police, along with fire investigators, are taking part in the investigation and search for the gunman.Via: FOX News",0
15245,WATCH JOHN KERRY’S FEAR MONGERING ON IRAN DEAL SUPPORT: “Profound and damaging implications” if denied by Congress,If denied by Congress it would have  profound implications  for us It would be  extraordinarily damaging . Is Kerry trying to say that if not for this deal with Iran we would be attacked by Iran? ,0
15246,HERE YOU GO: HILLARY’S E-MAILS FOR YOUR READING PLEASURE,"Here are the e-mails released last night that confirm what we all knew from way back Hillary is a total elitist who has everyone do just about EVERYTHING for her. It s really pitiful that we had a Secretary of State who behaves this way. In addition, Hillary is clearly vindictive and petty. In some of the e-mails she discusses taking down Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas: STILL WAITING FOR THE YOGA E-MAILS Here you go: HILLARY S E-MAILS Here s another great source from the WSJ",0
15247,YOU’LL NEVER GUESS WHAT’S PREDICTED FOR OBAMA’S GLOBAL WARMING PROMO TRIP TO ALASKA,"Summer snow is coming to Alaska just in time for Obama s visit! Yes, it must be the Gore Effect that brings cold weather when the feds are pushing the junk science of global warming.Summer snow is expected in Alaska this week as Barack Obama visits the 49th state. Obama is expected to push global warming junk science during his trip.The president also will officially rename Mt. McKinley during his visit.Former NASA scientist Dr. Roy Spencer reported:When President Obama visits Alaska this week to campaign for a new international agreement to fight global warming climate change, Alaska will be experiencing colder than normal weather and forecast summer snows, as seen in this WeatherBell.com graphic of forecast total snowfall by Friday:Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
15248,BREAKING DISCOVERY: CLINTON FOUNDATION SHARED EMAIL SERVER LOCATION WITH HILLARY’S SECRET SERVER,"The news gets worse every day for the Clinton Crime Syndicate Breitbart News Exclusive: Hillary Clinton s private email server was housed at the same physical location and on the same network as an email server used and operated by the Clinton Foundation, Breitbart News has exclusively learned.Records reveal that Hillary Clinton s private clintonemail.com server shared an IP address with her husband Bill Clinton s email server, presidentclinton.com, and both servers were housed in New York City, not in the basement of the Clintons  Chappaqua, New York home.Web archives show that the Presidentclinton.com Web address was being operated by the Clinton Foundation as of 2009, when Hillary Clinton registered her own clintonemail.com server.Numerous Clinton Foundation employees used the presidentclinton.com server for their own email addresses, which means that they were using email accounts that, if hacked, would have given any hacker complete access to Hillary Clinton s State Department emails, as well.The bombshell revelation raises new concerns about the possible illegality of Hillary Clinton s private email use. The former Secretary of State is under federal investigation for potentially violating the Espionage Act by allowing people without a security clearance to access classified information. The fact that Hillary was sharing an email network with a private foundation means that people without a security clearance almost certainly had physical access to her server while she was working at the State Department.Here s what we know:The Servers Have The SAME IP AddressHillary s clintonemail.com server and the Foundation-run presidentclinton.com email server have exactly the same IP address, and the same SSL certificate (which an organization purchases for an email server to verify its trustworthiness).mail.clintonemail.com and mail.presidentclinton.com both have an IP address of 64.94.172.146, according to an SSL Certificate Checker.The two servers both have that same IP address, 64.94.172.146, according to DNS records. (Here are records for Hillary s server, and here are records for Bill s server).Both servers have the same IP address, according to another independent Internet records database, robtex.net.The fact that both of these email servers have the same IP address means that they were operating on the same network, and sharing physical space. A computer expert tells Breitbart News that the servers were probably operating on the same machine. It is also possible that they were operating on different machines on the same network, which still means that the machines would have to be close enough to exist in the same physical location.President Clinton s server was created in 2002, while Hillary s was created in 2009, which means that Hillary s server was simply added to Bill s Foundation-run server network.They Had The SAME IP Address When She Was Secretary of StateHillary s server and Bill s Foundation-run server also shared a different IP address during her tenure as Secretary of State.From September 8, 2009 until June 24, 2011, Bill Clinton s Foundation-run mail.presidentclinton.com server had an IP address of 24.187.234.187, according to DNS records.Hillary s mail.clintonemail.com server had the same exact IP address, 24.187.234.187, from the dates May 21, 2010 until October 21, 2010, according to DNS records.Their Shared IP Address Can Be Traced to Midtown ManhattanA geographical search for the IP address that both servers shared at registration traces to Midtown Manhattan, according to three different databases: infosniper.net, which locates a Midtown latitude/longitude point, ip-tracker.org, which also gives a Midtown latitude/longitude point, and whatsmyip.org.Clinton Foundation headquarters are currently located at 1271 6th Avenue in Midtown. Bill Clinton s office is at 55 West 125th StreetThe Denver-based firm Platte River Networks told Breitbart News that it physically moved Hillary Clinton s private email server out of the basement of her Chappaqua home in 2013. But the Clintons could have moved the server from Manhattan to Chappaqua before Platte River got there.Clinton Founation Employees Had presidentclinton.com email addressesThe employees who have used presidentclinton.com email addresses included former Bill Clinton right-hand man Doug Band, as well as Justin Cooper, a Hillary aide who has worked with the Foundation, Terry Krinvic, Laura Graham, and John Zimmerebner.Was Chelsea Clinton On The Server?The email server for mail.chelseaoffice.com, which is no longer active, resolves to clintonemail.com, according to DNS records. Wikileaks confirms that the chelseaoffice.com server was used by Chelsea Clinton employees.Hillary Even Admitted That She Used Her Husband s  System Well the system we used was set up for President Clintons office and it had numerous safeguards it was on property guarded by the Secret Service and there were no security breaches, so I think that the use of that server which started with my husband proved to be effective and secure,  Hillary Clinton said in a March 2015 press conference.Clinton has not returned to that talking point since.The Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton s campaign did not return requests for comment by press time. Via: Breitbart News",0
15249,BREAKING: OBAMA REPORTEDLY RETURNING TO COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY IN 2017,"BARACK AND MICHELLE   GOOD RIDDANCE!Columbia University president Lee Bollinger told students at a convocation on Monday to get excited, because President Barack Obama was on his way   as was First Lady Michelle Obama. Not immediately, though   students would have to wait until after he finished his term in 2017.Bollinger didn t explain exactly what the Obamas might be doing at Columbia, but he definitely set the gossip train in motion; the Columbia Spectator jokes that he might be getting ready to be  upstaged by Amal, [transfer] to vastly inferior Princeton,  or wait in a  miles-long line at Duane Reade; [regret] giving all these people healthcare. In April, the New York Post was already speculating that Obama might return to Columbia, where he graduated from in 1983, to teach at the law school. Before becoming president, Obama taught law at the University of Chicago, where his presidential library will be built. However, when the location of the presidential library was announced, his foundation said it also  intends to maintain a presence at Columbia University.  Bollinger said at the time,  We look forward to hosting the foundation on our campus and take great pride in being part of the post-presidency of our alumnus. VIA: NYM ",0
15250,(VIDEO) MORE CLASSIFIED HILLARY E-MAILS FOUND AND THOUSANDS TO BE RELEASED TONIGHT,"Oops! As much as Clinton likes to spin this e-mail mess like it s no big deal, it s a HUGE deal! We ll see thousands more e-mails released to the press tonight so this could be a crazy news night and day on Tuesday. Wonder if there really are any yoga e-mails in there Sometime around 9 p.m. Monday, the State Department will release the next batch of Hillary Clinton s emails, and hundreds of reporters will comb through the 7,000 pages looking to be the first to find a story. These reporters are not amused by the late delivery of documents.The State Department said the delayed release of Clinton s emails happened because it has identified another 150 containing classified information that must be redacted before the release.New York Times political reporter Michael Barbaro complained that it was not professional for a government agency to conduct a data dump after typical business hours. A number of reporters sounded off on Twitter to criticize  the most transparent administration ever  for not giving reporters time to read through the emails and process the information before their deadlines. ",0
15251,HAMMER TIME: TRUMP POINTS OUT THE LIES BEHIND JEB’S “Act Of Love” COMMENT IN THIS BRILLIANT VIDEO,This ad is spot on ,0
15252,HILLARY EXPOSED: WATCH UNCOVERED VIDEO The Hillary Campaign Does NOT Want You To See,Hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken English accidentally refers to Barack Obama as  Mr. Clinton . Her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the Queen of the Democrat party We re doing our part to expose this video she never thought would surface. Here it is: ,0
15253,TRUMP NAILS IT AGAIN: “Americans are sick of being the patsies!”,Donald Trump was in Nashville this past weekend and spoke to the silent majority that he says is  sick of being the patsies . ,0
15254,"#BlackLivesMatter ACTIVISTS (TERRORISTS) CHANT DEATH TO COPS AT MN STATE FAIR CHANT: “Pigs in a blanket, fry ‘em like bacon!”","George Soros funded, Obama approved domestic terrorism.   It s all the rage with the progressive left Black Lives Matter activists tried to disrupt the Minnesota State Fair on Saturday and marched down the street, shouting a chant that called for the deaths of police officers:  Pigs in a blanket, fry  em like bacon! The phrase  pigs in a blanket  refers to police officers in body bags and has been used overtly by a Black Lives Matter-influenced activist who murdered two police officers.Video shows that, as the group happily chanted about murdering police officers, they had a police escort protecting their safety and First Amendment rights.""Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon"" #BlackFair #BlackLivesMatter #FTP #ACAB pic.twitter.com/NaQNehnd5g  EMP THY (@MrNikoG) August 29, 2015The chant is part of a pattern of Black Lives Matter taunting police after the deaths of police officers. As the Daily Mail reported at the time, the chant was used by Ferguson protestors following the excecution of two police officers by a killer who used the exact phrase  pigs in a blanket :Shocking video taken at a protest in St. Louis shows several demonstrators taunting police just hours after two NYPD officers were killed in an apparent  retribution  killing following the Michael Brown and Eric Garner grand jury decisions.Bassem Masri has made headlines before for his protest tactics and Saturday he appeared to stay true to form in a video in which he chants at police,  Pigs in a blanket smell like bacon. Hours before, Ismaaiyl Brinsley shot and killed NYPD officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos after posting he d soon be  putting pigs in a blanket.   Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS A VIDEO TAKEN BY #BlackLivesMatter PROTESTERS OUTSIDE OF THE MN STATE FAIR: ",0
15255,ARE JEB’S DONORS THROWING IN THE TOWEL?,"It looks like the GOP machine over-estimated their power to hand select a candidate for the party. It turns out amnesty is not as popular to the American voter as it is to the Chamber of Commerce and corporate donors Three top Jeb Bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on Friday, amid internal personality conflicts and questions about the strength of his candidacy, POLITICO has learned.There are different versions of what transpired. The Florida-based fundraising consultants   Kris Money, Trey McCarley, and Debbie Aleksander   have said that they voluntarily quit the campaign and were still working with Bush s super PAC, Right to Rise Super PAC. Others said the three, who worked under the same contract, were let go because they were no longer needed for the current phase of the campaign.None of the three responded to requests for comment. Bush spokesman Tim Miller would only say that  Governor Bush has the widest and deepest fundraising operation of any candidate in the field. Ann Herberger   a longtime aide with more than two decades of experience in state and national politics   will continue to lead the operation in Florida with our team in Miami.  The departures came at a time of uncertainty for Bush. While he has had massive success raising money for his Super PAC, he is overseeing an official campaign that has many more staffers but far less money. Earlier this week, the New York Times revealed that it had taken steps to rein in some of its spending and had gone so far as to cut some employee salaries. And POLITICO reported one Bush fundraiser expressed concerns about the slowing pace of the campaign s fundraising after Bush s shaky debate performance.The Bush campaign wasted no time seeking a replacement for the three fundraising consultants and has reached out to Meredith O Rourke   one of Florida s top Republican fundraisers who briefly worked for Chris Christie s campaign in May but left it in July. O Rourke, who wouldn t comment, helped Gov. Rick Scott raise about $100 million for his 2014 reelection campaign and also works for Florida Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, who s likely to run for governor in 2018.One source attributed the departures to personality conflicts in the campaign. Some identified Bush s finance director, Heather Larrison, as a shouter with whom it s difficult to work. She wouldn t comment. Others singled out Money as a problem due to what they describe as his haughtiness and his heavy-handed donate-or-else attitude with potential contributors. They were glad to go. This wasn t a shock to anybody,  said one campaign source.  There were just some personality problems. It happens when you have a big organization like this, a big campaign. Some of the national people are tough to work for.  Another campaign source, though, said the three fundraising consultants   who worked on contract and were not staffers   were let go because they weren t raising enough money relative to how much they had been raising during the last financial quarter. We appreciated their work, but we are entering a new phase of the campaign post Labor Day, and we needed to move in a different direction,  the source said.But another source disputed that:  They raised a lot of money out of Florida. A lot. So if anyone says they didn t quit, it s not true. They re still working for the super PAC as well. This is not about them This is about the campaign. Frontrunner Donald Trump seized on the POLITICO report Saturday morning and took a shot at his rival on Twitter:  Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers   they quit!  Aleksander, Money and McCarley have deep and longstanding ties to Florida s GOP power structure. Aleksander has been a member in good standing of Bush s operation since he was governor.Money is close with former House Speaker Will Weatherford, McCarley s part of Commissioner Adam Putnam s political team along with O Rourke.Donors last week told POLITICO that they still felt good about Bush s chances and that they weren t worried about Bush s recent slip from second to third place in averages of national polls. As the son and brother of former presidents, the former governor of the third-most populous state in the nation has a broad, deep-pocketed and savvy donor base. Some said they re less concerned with the campaign than with Jeb s candidacy, which has so far failed to ignite Republicans.But Bush s fundraising pace has slowed in the late summer months. Still, he s likely to remain the GOP campaign s top fundraiser, but Bush is also spending more than other candidates because he has a mammoth operation. Jeb has a big army, and that army needs to be fed,  said one campaign consultant familiar with the campaign s internal numbers.  Jeb might not have a fundraiser problem. He might have a spending problem. Via: Politico",0
15256,SERIOUSLY? Mexico Is Threatening Texas With A Law Suit?,"This is the result of weak leadership in the White House. Watch for a copycat lawsuit to be filed against Florida by our new  friends  in Cuba in 5 4 3 2..1 The Mexican government is warning that Texas  denial of birth certificates for U.S. children born here to undocumented immigrants stands to imperil the relationship between Mexico and the Lone Star State.The concern was raised in an amicus brief filed Monday evening to lend support to immigrants parents who sued Texas after being denied birth certificates for their U.S.-born children, even after showing their  matr culas,  the ID cards issued by the Mexican Consulate to undocumented immigrants.Mexico says the practice stands in stark contrast to the historical practice among countries to accept passports or other forms of ID to issue birth certificates. [It] not only jeopardizes their dignity and well-being, but could threaten the unique relationship between Mexico and Texas,  the Mexican government said in a brief tied to a lawsuit filed against the state by Texas Civil Rights Project and Texas Rio Grande Legal Aid.The lawsuit, the Texas Tribune reported, was filed on behalf of six U.S. citizen children and their undocumented parents, who came from Mexico, Honduras and Guatemala. Other groups since have joined the suit.A main point of contention is the all-out refusal at some county registrars offices to accept as a valid form of ID anything short of a U.S. visa or consulate ID card, the Tribune said.The families who are suing say that Texas is violating the 14th amendment and that the state is superseding federal immigration laws.Texas officials are claiming sovereignty issues and argue that the United States cannot fight them.They long have said that consulate-issued identification cards are not considered reliable forms of ID.The Mexican government is requesting that Texas be clear about what two forms of ID it will accept in order to give the children U.S. birth certificate. Our argument isn t  yes matr cula, no matr cula,  said attorney Jennifer Harbury, who represents the families, to the Tribune.  The argument is  what will you take that people can actually get?  They have to take something. [The children] were born here. They are U.S. citizens. The amicus brief also claims that denying the children U.S. birth certificates blocks their claims to Mexican citizenship. A child born to Mexican parents has that right but must show proof of identity. Infringing on that is a violation of international law, the brief states.Mexican Consulate officials argue that the matr cula is, in many ways, more secure because it includes biometric technology, unlike the driver s licenses in some states.They say a parent s undocumented status should not affect a child s ability to obtain a birth certificate. We think that they are not immigration authorities,  said Consul Carlos Gonz lez Guti rrez from the Mexican Consulate General s office in Austin.  The passport is the official way to identify oneself.  Via: FOX Latino News",0
15257,[VIDEO] TRUMP EMBARRASSES CNN…AGAIN! When Will They Learn Trump’s Not Playing By Their Rules?,"These darn progressive CNN reporters just can t help themselves. They re so conditioned to GOP candidates who roll over and allow the left to control the narrative, it s almost like they ve forgotten who they re dealing with At a fundraiser tonight in Norton, Massachusetts, CNN decided that instead of asking an intelligent question that might actually help Americans to learn more about what Trump thinks about serious issues facing America like say the Iran deal, they instead chose to ask Trump about a few protesters outside of a building packed with enthusiastic supporters. Well, I don t see a lot of protesters. I see thousands of people. And there are a few protesters. And, I figured you d ask that question because you know, that s the way it is. CNN is terrible. CNN. Are you with CNN. Are you with CNN. You people do not cover us accurately. So they have a few protesters outside. And thousands of people. And the first question from CNN is about protesters. https://youtu.be/ZJ4FEZAcFTA",0
15258,(VIDEO) GOV SARAH PALIN’S INTERVIEW WITH DONALD TRUMP,Sarah Palin interviewed The Donald tonight on One America News Network. Here s the full video: ,0
15259,"BOOM! MARINE PENS LETTER TO ENTITLED, RACIST MOOCH: ” I don’t blame black people for the ignorance that comes from your mouth”","Mrs. ObamaIt sickens me that I have to take time to write you this letter. I am a Marine who doesn t recognize color because every color has lived and died for you. You live in a free country to blame your life on the color of another man s skin. All colors have given their lives for an educated woman to have the freedom to be so ignorant. I don t blame black people for the ignorance that comes from your mouth. I love all colors because I love all that God creates. I don t have to like you to love you because we can t always like the ones we love. Just because I don t like you today doesn t mean I can t like you tomorrow. I don t like you or your husband today because of what you re doing to this country. Isn t it funny how the truth always reveals itself in time. You and your husband never showed this side of yourselves in 2008 before he was elected.You both live better than 99% of the people in this world because of this country. You said that you are for the first time proud to be an American. Well, I will tell you that most of us are ashamed of you. You and your husband have become millionaires off the people of this country, but demonstrate very little appreciation for all that we give. White, black, brown or indifferent millions have fought and died for you to have the freedom to say the ignorant things you say. You are educated, but clearly have very little common sense. You blame past generations of Americans for the troubles of a few. Stop blaming white people for your misery and take a look at yourself in the mirror. We are responsible for our own happiness and misery. The KKK is ignorance wrapped in a sheet while the Black panthers are raised on ignorance and hate. No different from the teaching of Islam thinking their race is better than all other men. God is love and creates every color to include everyone s skin. To truly love God is to love all that He loves. For that I love each of you and pray that we all start taking responsibility for our own damned sins.Martin Luther King had a dream that we would all live in the promise land. He is not remembered for being black. He is remembered for the love, and character he had within his heart. If you don t like this country get on that plane and never come back. I will stay here and love all Americans, regardless of skin. I will love the beauty of what God created and stand tall with my American friends. Not because of their color but for the character and love they carry within. This country doesn t owe you anymore than it owes me. So many have thanked me for my service and I will always be grateful. I pray that one day you and your husband might cause me to be grateful for yours.You will never be remembered as the First Lady of Color but soon forgotten after you leave the White House. You nor your husband shall ever divide us. I wish you no harm, but pray you will take your troubles to a land you no longer hate. Hate shall come and go but His love shall last forever.If you wish to find me I am now a writer for the DC Gazette. Also on Twitter @mshep08_mike  God bless you and Semper Fi  Mike Shepard ",0
15260,HOW TO PUT THE SCREWS TO LEFTIST ESPN AND SAVE TONS OF MONEY ON YOUR CABLE BILL IN 3 EASY STEPS,"Brilliant just brilliant Remember when Disney s ESPN punished Trump for his remarks about illegal aliens and moved their annual golf outing from Trump s golf course as a  punishment  for his views?Do you remember when ESPN cut Hank Williams  theme song from Monday Night Football after making an analogy to Adolf Hitler when talking about Barack Obama?Remember when their own little ESPN barbie made international news after berating a woman in a parking garage for simply doing her job?https://youtu.be/Pz1XY18_D3gRemember when ESPN decided to give the Arthur Ashe  Courage  Award to Bruce (refers to himself as  Caitlyn ) Jenner only months after killing an innocent woman in a car crash over a young girl who stole the hearts of America when she played college basketball with terminal cancer to inspire others to keep fighting?Remember when Bob Costas was hailed by ESPN s Pardon the Interruption,  co-host Michael Wilbon, who gave NBC Sports  Bob Costas  a standing and loud ovation  for using his Sunday Night Football halftime show to espouse his pro-gun control views?Well Now it s Red Sox great, Curt Schilling s turn to feel the wrath of ESPN, as he s been fired for a tweet about muslims by the sports propagandist arm of the Disney Corporation.Because my enemies are legion (and not terribly bright), let s get this out of the way: It is wrong to compare Muslims to Nazis. Baseball great Curt Schilling did not do that. In a Tweet that resulted in a pandering suspension from the left-wing sports network ESPN, Schilling compared Muslim extremists to Nazis.Comparing Muslim extremists to Nazis is not wrong, it is science.ESPN knows this but ESPN (which is owned by Disney) has grown into an increasingly ugly, left-wing propaganda machine. What should be America s Pleasure Island away from political division   sports   has been destroyed by ESPN. All that Disney money is now being used to buy all that sports programming that makes tens of millions of sports fans captive to The Realpolitik.Have you had enough?How much of this abuse are you going to take?How much of this abuse are you going to take before you do something?Oh, you didn t know you had The Power to do something?Well, you do   because your cable company and ESPN have been playing you for a sucker for decades.Before I get to The Three Easy Steps, here s how the cable television/ESPN racket works:If ESPN is part of your cable package   and it most likely is   whether you watch or not, this leftwing propaganda outlet soaks you for $6.61 a month.No, for real.By working out a pay TV system (cable and satellite) that forces you to pay for dozens of networks you do not watch, ESPN (and other left-wing networks like CNN, MTV, and MSNBC) gets a piece of your obscenely-overpriced cable bill.Moreover, no other cable network makes more money this way than ESPN. And with somewhere around 90 million subscribers, that adds up to close to $7 billion annually.And $80 a year comes from you.In other words, you can t hurt ESPN by not watching ESPN. Ad revenue based on the number of viewers is only a part of ESPN s revenue stream.ESPN s got you in a box. Watch or no, they make buku off you.There s only one way to send a message to ESPN, and you have the power to do it in just Three Easy Steps.Call your cable company. Cancel your cable. Sit back and watch ESPN implode.Listen, I m not a sports guy, so I can t answer the question of whether or not watching The Games are worth funding The Apparatchik. What I can tell you is that with the purchase of a $49 Roku (which is essentially a cable box) an extraordinary Streaming world awaits   a world that is a whole lot cheaper than cable.For $20 you can subscribe to Netflix and Amazon. Not only is there more TV than you could watch in a lifetime, unlike cable, there is not 20 minutes of catheter ads every hour.You have the power to send ESPN a message.Make the call.Via: Breitbart News",0
15261,TRUMP POSTS MESSAGE ON INSTAGRAM FROM BARBARA BUSH THAT’S NOT GONNA HELP JEB’S CAMPAIGN,"From the mouths of moms or something like that Even Barbara Bush agrees with me.A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Aug 24, 2015 at 10:15am PDT",0
15262,MUST SEE RESULTS OF NEW POLL Asking Americans One Word They Associate With Hillary,"Somehow we don t think this is what the Queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate expected at this stage of her campaign The latest Q-poll numbers have dropped and there aren t really a lot of surprises in the top lines. (Well  there are a couple of exceptions but we ll get to those in a minute.) What was really startling, though, was the results of the  open ended  questions about several of the candidates. Most specifically, the massively leading, top of the list responses for Hillary Clinton have to be giving her team nightmares. (Connecticut Post  emphasis added)Clinton leads the Democratic field with 45 percent, down from 55 percent July 30, with U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont at 22 percent and Biden at 18 percent. No other candidate tops 1 percent with 11 percent undecided. This is Sanders  highest tally and closest margin.Clinton tops the Democrats   no way  list with 11 percent. Liar  is the first word that comes to mind more than others in an open-ended question when voters think of Clinton.  Arrogant  is the word for Trump and voters say  Bush  when they think of Bush. Here s the high end of the list.Holy cow. You get 394 responses just by combining the top three results of  Liar, Dishonest and Untrustworthy.  You pretty much have to add up all of the other words on the list to catch up with those three. And this isn t just a list of responses by Republicans  that s everyone. What s truly amazing is that this is clearly the prevailing American perception at this point and yet, Clinton is still the Democrat frontrunner. I m not sure if that says more about her or the party. Via: HotAir ",0
15263,TRUMP AND CRUZ ANNOUNCE A JOINT RALLY TO PROTEST THE IRAN DEAL,"This is great and so wonderful to see the positive events pushing back on the Obama policies. Everyone knows the Iran deal is a stinker but Trump and Cruz are the first to actually protest in a big way on it. This could be the beginning of a force to be reckoned with Trump and Cruz hummmWASHINGTON DC   Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) will jointly host a rally at the Capitol in the coming weeks to protest the nuclear deal with Iran, Cruz s campaign said on Thursday.A date for the presidential candidates  event has yet to be announced, but its planning underscores the strengthening ties between the two Republicans.Trump, the clear front-runner in the GOP primary, has refrained from launching his harshest barbs at Cruz, and the Texas senator has likewise declined to join in the attacks against Trump that have become common among many of their Republican rivals. Instead, Cruz has said he is  grateful  for Trump s focus on immigration despite the controversial nature of his comments.Read more: The Hill",0
15264,YOU’LL NEVER BELIEVE WHICH REPUBLICAN JUST CALLED TED CRUZ A “JACKA@@”,"What kind of leader speaks like this? It s obvious that there s lots of frustration within the RINO delegation of the Republican party. The heat s on these guys and they don t like it. Ted Cruz should feel honored to be called a  jackass  by none other than Speaker of the House John Boehner. Speaker of the House John Boehner stunned audience members Wednesday evening at a Colorado fundraiser by referring to Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz as a  jackass .At a Steamboat Springs event for GOP Rep. Scott Tipton, the Ohio Republican quipped that he likes how Cruz s presidential campaign keeps  that jackass  out of Washington, and from telling Boehner how to do his job.That remark rubbed some attendees the wrong way. I don t think it s terribly speaker-like, and I think it kind of goes against everything that Reagan ever said about disparaging Republicans,  said Ed MacArthur, the president of Native Excavating, who attended the fundraiser.Read more: Daily Caller",0
15265,HYSTERICAL! WATCH WOMAN CHECK TRUMP’S HAIR TO CONFIRM IT’S NOT A TOUPEE,A Latino radio host gave Trump a nickname of  The Man with the Toupee  and Trump was not having any of it. He was holding a rally in South Carolina and invited a woman onstage to inspect his hair. Too funny! ,0
15266,"STEP ASIDE FOX NEWS, IT’S NOT ABOUT YOU!","This election is THE most important election EVER! Which way will America turn after 8 years of the  fundamental transformation ? Let s face it, a large part of the blame for the 8 years of a first term Senator being elected to be the President of the United States is the main stream media s refusal to tell the truth about Obama. Hopefully, Americans have been awakened by this betrayal and will see through the spin this time around. Here s a fantastic synopsis of the latest spin from Megyn Kelly of FOX News:With America the Beautiful crying out in death throes for rescue from its undeserved  Fundamental Transformation , Fox News seems intent on making the 2016 presidential election all about Fox News.Move over, Megyn Kelly, America is calling.It doesn t take a conspiracy theorist to recognize a conspiracy, and as the Kelly File proved lat night, it only takes a single television show.One night after immigration opportunist/Univision  reporter  Jorge Ramos broke the queue taking over the mic at Donald Trump s Dubuque, Iowa event, Megyn Kelly gave him the floor on her Kelly File the same way she gave DNC motor mouth Debbie Wasserman-Schultz rant time as her first guest after the mainly Fox-touted  Great Debate .In short, Ramos who was given the bum s rush from the Iowa event, got to make a comeback on last night s Kelly File. Kelly very knowingly asked him,  What is it like to be caught in the crosshairs of a billionaire presidential runner?  Ramos answered,  Well, you know exactly how it feels. In one fell swoop, all the attention went running back to Kelly. Kelly did acknowledge  it s not unusual  for reporters to do what he did, but asked Ramos why Trump would want to engage with him when he has repeatedly referred to Trump as a voice of extreme hate. (Mediaite) Ramos said it shouldn t matter if Trump is a fan of his or Univision s or not, he has an obligation as a presidential candidate to answer reporters  questions. Ramos did add, though, that Trump clearly can t deal with questions that make him  uncomfortable. Sure didn t take long for Kelly to get back to everything being about Megyn Kelly.What good is Fox News doing for America if the 2016 presidential race isn t all about how Obama is destroying America, and if it s all about the non-stop bickering between Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly?Peculiar, isn t it that Trump s become the Fox arch enemy all because he s trying to  Make America Great Again  and laying out the truth while he s at it?Time is running out on bringing America back from the brink. All other GOP contenders should be doing the same as The Donald.Americans are worried about their children and grandchildren having to grow up in an unstable fundamentally transformed America.Trump s in hot water for calling Kelly a  bimbo . After last night, perhaps the word  cunning  would be more applicable.In his unbridled passion to  Make America Great Again , Trump is bumptious, brash and bold, but a least he employs the frontal attack, leaving no room for second guessing about his intent.Tired of the Republican run-around, people are trying to press home the message to Fox News that their golden boy Jeb Bush, like Mitt Romney, just doesn t cut it and that their network regular Karl Rove is full of it.The focus should be on presidential election 2016 and prima donnas like Megyn Kelly told to leave their inflated egos at the back door.Meanwhile, the Fox News attack on The Donald is all about ratings when at least half of America is all about saving their country from fundamental transformation.A cry needs to go up across the land: Move Over, Megyn Kelly, America is calling .Via: Judi MCCleod of Canada Free Press",0
15267,"(Video) Mark Levin on Trump vs Ramos, Illegal Immigration, Birthright Citizenship Debate",Mark Levin was on Sean Hannity last night discussing immigration and Donald Trump s Iowa press conference. ,0
15268,PASS THE POPCORN: BILL CLINTON “INCENSED” BY NEWS OF BIDEN RUN FOR PRESIDENT," Pass the popcorn and watch this explode the thought of Biden jumping into the race is priceless! Unreal!The potential first First Gentleman is reportedly  very agitated  by the possibility Vice President Joe Biden may challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination.Politico detailed President Bill Clinton s frustration with the state of his wife s campaign in a piece out Wednesday:Clinton s camp, hands full with the email controversy and a surprisingly stout challenge from independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, isn t in a patient mood. Bill Clinton, according to a person who has spoken with the former president in the last couple of weeks, is  very agitated  by the possibility of a Biden candidacy and incensed at the press hype around a possible bid.The Clinton campaign has suffered from a dragging private email story that rather than go away, only grows. Her honesty and trustworthy numbers are underwater, and even a majority of Democrats who support her believe she will be hurt by the email scandal in a general election. Multiple polls have shown Clinton, once a 50-point frontrunner, now trails Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) in New Hampshire. Via: WFB",0
15269,(VIDEO) UNIVISION’S JORGE RAMOS GETS A TONGUE LASHING: “Get out of my country!”,A mystery man gives Univision anchor Jorge Ramos a major tongue lashing after Ramos was kicked out of the Trump presser. I think that American is 100% FED Up! like the rest of us. The most important part of the video is a moment that proves that Trump was fair to Ramos. Notice how an assistant to Trump comes up and says Trump would be happy to take a question from Ramos BUT he needs to be chosen for a question. The assistant then is seen taking Ramos back into the presser. ,0
15270,BREAKING: WDBJ KILLER WAS ANGRY BLACK DEMOCRAT…Reprimanded For Wearing Obama Sticker At Work,"An angry black, gay, racist, Democrat victim the poster child for today s progressive in America Gay Black reporter Vester Flanagan was an Angry Barack Obama Democrat. ** He was reprimanded for wearing a Barack Obama sticker at work. ** He had his racial suits tossed from court ** He was a  high paid companion  ** He attempted to subpoena personnel records on both of his victimsThen he shot them dead Killer Vester Flanagan was a big Obama supporter.The Huffington Post reported:Vester Lee Flanagan, the man suspected of killing two Virginia television reporters Wednesday morning, attempted to subpoena personnel records on both of those victims, as well as other staff members, as part of a lawsuit against the TV station.Flanagan s lawsuit, filed in the Roanoke City General District Court in March 2014, requested $25,000 from WDBJ, the station, which had terminated his employment the previous year. The suit cited wrongful termination, unpaid overtime wages, racial discrimination and sexual harassment for identifying as gay. The case was dismissed due to lack of evidence, although it s unclear whether a settlement was reached.According to an internal memo included in the court documents, after Flanagan was presented with a severance letter in February 2013, he said,  You better call police because I m going to make a big stink.  A newsroom employee called 911, and police officers arrived to physically escort Flanagan from the building.Memos indicate that Ward videotaped Flanagan as he was escorted out. Flanagan told Ward to  lose your big gut,  and flipped off the camera.WDBJ objected to Flanagan s request for employee documents, claiming the personnel records were proprietary information and irrelevant to his claims.The court filings also include Flanagan s application for employment at WDBJ and his resume, in which he reported graduating from San Francisco State University with a 3.7 grade point average and his affiliation with the National Association of Black Journalists.Flanagan was offered a position with WDBJ on March 6, 2012, as a multimedia journalist/general assignment reporter with an annual salary of $36,000. However, he quickly racked up a misconduct record during his year of employment.In a performance review in August 2012, Flanagan was given a  1,  the lowest rating, for being  respectful to coworkers at all times,  but a  4  for work diligence and attendance. He was written up in November 2012 for wearing a Barack Obama sticker.By the end of that year, his supervisor was expressing dissatisfaction with the quality of Flanagan s work, as well as his attitude towards his co-workers. Dan Dennison, the station s news director at the time, cited a story in which Flanagan reported on a local church s response to the mass shooting at Newtown, Connecticut. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15271,OBNOXIOUS LEFTIST REPORTER IS REMOVED FROM TRUMP PRESS CONFERENCE…Trump Asks Security To Bring Him Back [VIDEO],"The leftist mainstream media would love Americans to believe Trump had Univision propagandist removed from the press conference. As anyone can clearly see, he had nothing to do with Ramos  removal and everything to do with him being invited back for a series of questions (with brilliant responses).Univision s Jorge Ramos was removed from Donald Trump s press conference this afternoon by security after standing up and delivering a sermon before Trump could even call on a reporter for a question. Even after the candidate called on another reporter in the room, Ramos continued his rapid fire question/political statement mix, talking over any chance the other reporter might have for a question, as can be seen in the video above. Excuse me. Sit down. You weren t called,  said Trump to the emotional anchor and reporter. You can t just stand up and scream,  said Trump. Amazing how waiting to be called on worked out.Other reporters in the room naturally asked Trump about the situation, and Trump defended what happened saying that Ramos simply stood up and started yelling, an accurate portrayal. Even so, Ramos was allowed to return to the press conference, was called on, and was able to ask several questions, as seen in this second video below. Via: Truth Revolt ",0
15272,(Video) Hispanic Woman Speaks Up And Gives BEST DEFENSE of Donald Trump EVER!,"Katrina Campins gave an excellent explanation of Trump s position on immigration and the press:  As an American I feel frustrated because people are losing sight of what Donald Trump is trying to say. What he s saying is, people should come to this country legally. And I know about that process very well because my husband is going through it right now and it s extremely expensive. So there s more incentive for people to come over to this country illegally. So all he s saying is, let s make the process to come here easier and less expensive so there s more incentive to do that. When people cross the border who are not supposed to be here, let s make sure they are sent back. But what the media is doing is twisting and turning everything that he s saying and what s so frustrating as an American is that the point is not getting across. We re so worried about his fights with Megyn Kelly and Jorge Ramos now, let s talk about the real issues I don t think it s his fault. I think it s the fact that everything he says gets misconstrued. Like this immigration thing  I m a Hispanic woman and I m not offended for what he s saying. I understood exactly what he is saying. No. And I don t agree that I m in the minority because the last time I was on CNN speaking about this as a Hispanic woman, so many Hispanic women tweeted me and said,  Thank you for speaking for the real Hispanic woman.  ",0
15273,(VIDEO) AWESOME! TRUMP SHOWS UNIVISION REPORTER HOW TO DEPORT ILLEGALS: “WE START WITH THE GANGS.”,"If you watched this press conference live, you ll know you want to see it again and again. I ve never seen anyone toy with the press like Trump. It s priceless! ",0
15274,AMERICA’S NATIONAL SECURITY COMPROMISED BY SEVERAL KEY OBAMA CABINET MEMBERS,"The Obama administration has been playing loose and free with our national security. It s been revealed over the years that several of the Obama cabinet members have been keeping e-mail accounts that were not secure and were non-government. One of the common themes in the usage of a second e-mail account was to use your dog s name as the account name. In the case of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton it was reckless abandon and wide open access:The New York Post fills in the blanks on Hillary:US intelligence officials so far have determined that at least four   and as many as 305   of the more than 30,000 emails Clinton and her aides have printed out and turned over to investigators were classified at the time they were written.They include a 2011 message from Clinton s top aides that contains military intelligence from United States Africa Command gleaned from satellite images of troop movements in Libya, along with the travel and protection plans for Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who was later killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya. Another staff  email sent to Clinton in 2012 contained investigative data about Benghazi terrorist suspects wanted by the FBI.  IT S HARD TO IMAGINE THAT IN HER POSITION SHE WOULD FAIL TO RECOGNIZE THE OBVIOUS.     retired Army Col. Larry Mrozinski Both emails were classified TS/SI   Top Secret/Special Intelligence   and required the nation s highest security clearance to read. SI is a control system within the supersecret designation known as Sensitive Compartmented Information. SCI intelligence, which if leaked can cause  grave harm  to national security, is tightly controlled and usually kept in hard-copy form in bound books numbered and stored in highly secure  read rooms  known as SCIFs at department headquarters in Foggy Bottom. Before entering, cleared officials are required to place cellphones, BlackBerrys, iPads, laptops and other electronic devices on a shelf outside the monitored facilities. TS/SCI material is transported between SCIFs in locked bags carried by special couriers.LISA JACKSON AND LOIS LERNER   USING E-MAIL ACCOUNT NAMED AFTER THEIR DOGSIn 2012 it was revealed that Obama administration officials used pseudonym email accounts to hide their communications. EPA head Lisa Jackson became embroiled in a scandal when it was discovered that she subverted FOIA concerns by using an account under the name  Richard Windsor , a name attributed to her dog.Later, as the EPA scandal evolved, Lisa Jackson quit her position. Now, it appears that IRS official Lois Lerner was doing the exact same thing. Using the email name  Toby Miles  to hide her in house, and ex parte, communication. The IRS plot thickens:FOX News Reports on Lerner:The IRS admitted to a federal court there was a second personal email account that Lois Lerner, the official at the heart of the Tea Party targeting scandal, used to conduct agency business.The email account apparently was set up under the name,  Toby Miles,  which sources tell Fox News is the name of Lerner s dog.The admission, first reported by The Washington Times, was made Monday in an open-records lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch, a conservative group suing to see Lerner s emails sent during the targeting of conservative groups filing for tax-exempt status.IRS lawyer Geoffrey Klimas told the court that as it was putting together a set of documents to hand over to Judicial Watch, attorneys discovered another email account, in addition to her official account and a separate personal email already known to the agency. In the process of preparing this status report and for the August 24, 2015, release of Lerner communications, the undersigned attorneys learned that, in addition to emails to or from an email account denominated  Lois G. Lerner  or  Lois Home,  some emails responsive to Judicial Watch s request may have been sent to or received from a personal email account denominated  Toby Miles,  Klimas told U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan.Two sources told Fox News that Toby Miles is the name of Lerner s dog.CAROLINE KENNEDY   OUR AMBASSADOR TO JAPAN:Caroline Kennedy, the U.S. ambassador to Japan, used a personal email to conduct official business   as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton did   according to a new State Department report.Many State Department staff used their private accounts to both send and receive these emails, the State Department s inspector general found in an investigation of Kennedy s embassy in Tokyo. Senior embassy staff, including the ambassador, used personal email accounts to send and receive messages containing official business,  investigators wrote in the report, released Tuesday.  In addition, (investigators) identified instances where emails labeled sensitive but unclassified were sent from, or received by, personal email accounts. Via: cnn",0
15275,DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY RELATIONS AT UNIV of WI: “Stealing From Wal-Mart Shouldn’t Be A Crime” [VIDEO],"As the anarchists and local thugs sit and nod their heads in agreement Everett D. Mitchell is the Director of Community Relations at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is also an attorney, pastor, and community leader.At a recent panel discussing  Best Policing Practices,  Mitchell said that police should stop prosecuting individuals who shoplift from Wal-Mart and Target.His reasoning? He simply does not believe that police have any justification to engage in policing practices with thieves who steal from Wal-Mart or Target because they are big box stores with insurance: I just don t think they should be prosecuting cases for people who steal from Wal-Mart. I don t think that. I don t think that Target, and all them other places   the big boxes that have insurance   they should be using the people that steal from there as justification to start engaging in aggressive police behavior. He begins his speech by advocating legal relativism   the notion that communities should decide for themselves which laws be enforced and which laws are not in order to better recognize what safety means for the specific community.Where is the line drawn with these anti-police activists?Just a few weeks prior to his speech, fellow Wisconsin professors, Karma Ch vez and Sara L. McKinnon wrote a letter to the Capital Times (progressive Wisconsin news outlet) titled: Sara L. McKinnon and Karma Ch vez: Request for no police interaction is reasonable  In it, they argue that police are an occupying force and have no valid reason to patrol certain neighborhoods.Via: MRCTV",0
15276,IS ROMNEY SERIOUSLY THINKING ABOUT ENTERING THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE?,"As if this presidential race couldn t get any crazier rumors abound that Mitt Romney might jump in and stir things up a bit. The problem is that Romney failed in his strategy of being Mr. Nice Guy and not attacking which really let Obama just steamroll over him in 2012. Not a good idea!Colorful former Trump adviser Roger Stone thinks 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney is thinking about getting back in the presidential race. Stone tweeted his suspicion, and told CNN he had heard that Romney was considering a run from his sources.The move could indicate Romney sees an opportunity to better confront and challenge front-runner Donald Trump. Some see current establishment standard bearer former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush as flailing. Trump has mocked Bush for being  just flat  on the campaign trail and Sunday called him a  low energy  candidate.Romney publicly considered a third run as recently as January, but decided against it, after he lost most of his valuable donor base to Bush, and the massive prospective Republican field proved too unpredictable.Romney ran for president in 2012, and lost the nomination to Sen. John McCain in 2008. Romney supporters point to Ronald Reagan s three attempts at the White House   1968, 1976, before his successful win in 1980, as evidence that Romney has a chance.The man who floated this rumor, Trump s former adviser Stone, has a history almost as colorful as that of his former boss. Stone was an aide to President Richard Nixon, and remains one of Nixon s staunchest defenders. He is known for his penchant for expensive but elaborate dress clothes, which are often a departure from the more understated nature of most political menswear.He has been described as a  self-admitted hit man for the GOP  by the Daily Beast, is a popular presence on Twitter, and allegedly, has a tattoo of his former boss   Nixon  on his back.Via: Washington Examiner",0
15277,CALIFORNIA PIZZA SHOP GETS REAL LIFE LESSON IN ECONOMICS AFTER SELLING “LIVING WAGE PIZZA”,"The bad news for these bleeding heart liberals is there are even more reasonably priced pizza shop options who understand economics and reality Image via Lanesplitter Pizza and Subs Facebook pageLiberals love the idea of the minimum wage and a  living wage at least until it hits their bottom line.Lanesplitter Pizza & Pub in Emeryville, California is learning that economics lesson the hard way.Cities up and down California have been considering hiking up their minimum wage so Vic Gumper, the owner of Lanesplitter, decided to get ahead of the curve and do it on his own.Rather than just raise the minimum wage for his employees, he decided to do it in the form of creating a  living wage pizza. This business model means that all workers now earn $15 to $25 an hour as part of an experimental business model that also did away with gratuities and raised prices, making meals at all five locations  sustainably served, really   no tips necessary,  the Los Angeles Times reported. This movement, it s going on everywhere,  Gumper told the paper.  We just decided to manage the situation and get to a place where we can sustain it. Image via Lanesplitter Pizza and Subs Facebook pageBut while patrons have applauded the move verbally, they haven t put their money where their mouth is.The  living wage pizza  costs more than $30 and people haven t been too keen on paying for it.Gumper has seen a 25% drop in sales since April and has had to eliminate lunch hours at a few of his locations, according to the L.A. Times. The necessity of paying people a living wage in the Bay Area is clear, so it s hard to argue against it, and it s something I m really proud to be able to try doing,  he said.  At the same time, I m terrified of going out of business after 18 years. Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
15278,SAY WHAT? #BlackLivesMatter TEXTBOOKS TO BE USED AS PART OF COMMON CORE CURRICULUM IN GRADES 6-12 [Video],"When will American citizens stop being afraid to stand up and SPEAK OUT against the  politically correct  thugs of the left?A new  Black Lives Matter  textbook will soon be available to middle school and high school classrooms.According to the publisher s description,  Black Lives Matter  covers the shootings that touched off passionate protests, the work of activists to bring about a more just legal system, and the tensions in U.S. society that these events have brought to light. ABDO Publishing specifies that the book was written for sixth graders through high school students, and says the textbook is  aligned to Common Core Standards and correlated to state standards. Until now, no authoritative text designed to teach non-black children about historical-structural inequalities productive of anti-black violence in U.S. law and society has been made available for commercial consumption,  reads a review in The Feminist Wire. Parents as well as teachers eager to teach middle and/or high school students about the routine vulnerability and terror generative of the rejoined,  Black Lives Matter,  will find an invaluable resource in this special report. Conservative radio commentator Larry Elder weighed in on Fox and Friends over the weekend. [The textbook] is indoctrinating young kids, teaching them black people are victims,  Elder said.He argued that the movement would be better off addressing black-on-black crime. If the  Black Lives Matter  people are really concerned, they ought to say something about the fact that last year 6,000 blacks shot other blacks, and far and away the number one cause of preventable death for young black men is homicide,  he added. The textbook was co-authored by Missouri journalist Sue Bradford Edwards and Duchess Harris, a professor of American Studies at Macalester College in Minnesota. Harris is also the author of  Black Feminist Politics from Kennedy to Obama  and a co-editor of  Racially Writing the Republic: Racists, Race Rebels, and Transformations of American Identity. Black Lives Matter  is part of ABDO Publishing s  Special Report  series of books that aim  to help readers develop an essential understanding of current events and encourage them to form their own opinions. There are a total of eight titles in the  Special Report  series, including  Ebola Outbreak,   ISIS,  and  Transgender Rights and Issues.  Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
15279,(VIDEO) THIS IS GREAT! TRUMP’S STORY ON HOW CAROLINE KENNEDY GOT HER POSITION IN JAPAN IS PRICELESS!,"This is so typical of the Obama administration! Positions of importance have been given to people who supported him during his election in some way. The fact that Caroline Kennedy could just go into the White House and ask for a job is ludicrous! You ll love how Donald Trump tells the story and the creepy laugh well, I don t even know what to say about that  ",0
15280,BOOM! DONALD TRUMP HAMMERS BERNIE SANDERS WITH THIS ONE QUESTION,"Bernie Sanders can t effectively handle two loud mouthed female #BlackLiesMatter activists/thugs (see video below), but he wants America to believe he s ready to defend our nation against some of the most horrific enemies we ve ever faced?How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can t even defend his own microphone? Very sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2015",0
15281,BREAKING UPDATE : POLICE OFFICER HAS DIED… [Video] PASSING MOTORISTS TACKLE MAN AFTER SHOOTING OFFICER IN HEAD DURING TRAFFIC STOP….Officer In Critical Condition,"Good for these brave motorists! America needs to stop being afraid to speak out and stand up to this culture of hate for cops being promoted by Obama, Holder, Soros and Sharpton Kevin Daigle, 54, was arrested Sunday in suspicion of shooting Louisiana State Police Trooper Steven Vincent in the head.A gunman who critically wounded a decorated Louisiana State Police trooper Sunday afternoon near Lake Charles was tackled by passing motorists, authorities said.Army veteran and 13-year veteran of the state agency Trooper Steven Vincent stopped to check on a suspected impaired driver stuck in a ditch along Highway 14 only to be shot in the head during the ensuing arrest, Sgt. James Anderson told the Daily News. It was pandemonium out here,  Anderson said.Several good Samaritans pulled over to help the 43-year-old trooper and used his radio to call authorities. The motorists then detained the suspect on their own with Vincent s handcuffs.The suspect was later identified as 54-year-old Kevin Daigle, of Lake Charles. We re so thankful for them,  Anderson added.  They arrived on scene and called for assistance for the trooper. The agency s top cop, Col. Michael Edmonson, first shared news of Vincent s injuries in a widely-shared Facebook post. Please take a moment from your Sunday afternoon to send prayers and well wishes to the Trooper and his family in this critical time,  Edmonson wrote.Vincent was airlifted to a local hospital where he is in critical, but stable condition.UPDATE: OFFICER VINCENT HAS DIEDAnderson said the Daigle appeared  belligerent. A photo later shared by authorities showed Daigle grimacing in a photograph. His cheeks were red and puffy with what appeared to be facial injuries.Via: NY Daily News ",0
15282,BRILLIANT: [VIDEO] SHERIFF CLARKE EXPLAINS HOW #BlackLIESMatter IS BASTARD CHILD OF #HandsUpDontShoot LIE,"Nothing like a good dose of Sheriff Clarke to expose the lies of the left  After showing a clip of the confrontation between Hillary Clinton and some  Black Lives Matter  representatives in which things became tense and Clinton was clearly uncomfortable, Sheriff David Clarke is asked to weigh in on what is happening.He leads off by saying,  Hillary meet Frankenstein, they created this monster and now they realize that if you cannot continue to feed it the beast the beast will turn on you and eat you and that s what s going on here. He said that he refers to the group as Black Lies Matter because they are perpetuating lies built upon a foundation of lies, the  bastard child  of the original lie of the  Hands Up Don t Shoot  narrative built upon the justified self-defense shooting of hood rat Michael Brown.Sheriff Clarke describes the group as  a conglomeration of misfits,  noting their ranks include retreads and operatives from the occupy movement, organized labor, criminals, black racialists, cop haters and anarchists. He fails to include their funding source, billionaire America-hater George Soros. Any Marxist associated or otherwise subversive movement in this nation invariably has the stain of Soros visible just below the surface.Sheriff Clarke says,  No longer in the United States, and I think that I m living proof of that, no longer can blacks as a whole claim victim status except for one situation. They are victims to the Democrat Party in the United States of America and what modern liberalism has done to the black family. The speak to the absurdity of Democrat candidate for president Martin O Malley caving to  Black Lives Matter  pressure to walk back a statement that all lives matter.Clarke says  It s an example of the monster that they ve created that they cannot feed anymore. They re not in control of this movement. This was created to mobilize the black vote for the 2016 election. The problem is we ve got a long way to go and there s only so long that you can keep that sort of negative movement going before you lose control of it. I though O Malley, his reaction after that was pathetic. They point to how well the cowering to the black thugs has demonstrated the lack of character on the part of both O Malley and Barry  Surrender the mic  Sanders and their unfitness for the world leadership stage.They also note the hypocrisy of the faux-movement in that only the black lives which they can use to foment unrest matter. The black on black violence is never mentioned and it doesn t matter because it carries with it no political capital. Via: Rick Wells",0
15283,BRUTAL MEET THE PRESS VIDEO SHOWS HOW HILLARY’S EMBARRASSING E-MAIL ‘STORY’ HAS ‘EVOLVED’,"Ouch! This could have been handled with honesty but they ve really got so much to cover up that it would have been nearly impossible. From Benghazi to The Clinton Foundation  favors , the Dems have a doozy of a mess with Hillary Clinton. ",0
15284,“DEAL WITH IT”: YOU’LL LOVE WHAT TRUMP CHOSE TO SYMBOLIZE His Love For America In TIME Magazine Interview [VIDEO],"Trump s not backing down from his  in your face  style anytime soon. That s the problem with our country, we don t have fighters in our country. And his critics are just gonna have to  deal with it. Donald Trump is on the cover of Time magazine, and the headline reads:  Deal with it. The meme-worthy photo shoot features the Republican presidential hopeful posing with a 27-year-old American bald eagle   the emblem of the United States. Every frame was the same,  Schoeller told TIME.  Mr. Trump knows exactly how he looks, and he strikes one pose and doesn t move. The same could not be said for 27-year-old Uncle Sam, who was hit by a car in the 1990s and has since segued into a life on the educational and entertainment circuits. He s very difficult to photograph,  said Schoeller.  If you ask him to look up a little bit, he says no or he just doesn t do it. He literally has one angle. If I ask him to smile, he puts on a big grin and then he goes back to his Zoolander  blue steel  look. The  blue steel  look appears, sans eagle, on the cover of this week s TIME.It s a look America has grown very accustomed to since Trump became a household name in the 1980s and one they ve been showing their love for more than ever in recent months.The Republican front-runner said it all on Wednesday that when it comes to the polls in the crowded 2016 presidential race,  the only thing constant is Trump. Asked at a news conference ahead of a town-hall forum in New Hampshire who he saw as his strongest rival in the crowded Republican field, Trump said:  You know it changes. The only thing constant is Trump.  Via: UK Daily Mail They re going up and down like yo-yos,  he said of his Republican rivals.  But I ve been up there for a long time and I hope I m going to be up there for a long time. Saying he had seen newspaper reports that he would grow tired of the presidential race, Trump said:  I m not going anywhere folks. I m not doing this for my health. I m doing this to make America great again. Here is a great interview by Entertainment Tonight:Trump told TIME magazine,  I don t have a racist bone in my body. The fact that I want a strong border and the fact that I don t want illegal immigrants pouring into this country, that doesn t make me a racist, it means I love this country and I want to save this country. ",0
15285,(VIDEO) JUDGE JEANINE FULL INTERVIEW WITH DONALD TRUMP BRINGS UP PAINFUL PERSONAL MEMORY,This is a great interview with some very personal info on Donald Trump. He also discusses Black Lives matter at around the 17:50 mark. ,0
15286,FLASHBACK: UNCOVERED VIDEO SHOWS HYPOCRITE HARRY REID TELLING CONGRESS “No Sane Country Would Have Birthright Citizenship”,"In 1993 Harry Reid wrote the Immigration Stabilization Act of 1993, a bill that would have denied birthright citizenship to children born in the United States to illegal alien parents. Today the leftist lackey is onboard with the Democrats amnesty for votes plan. The hell with America the Democrats goal is socialism, and the only way to make that happen is to eliminate the voice of any sane member of the GOP who would oppose more government control ",0
15287,"IF JOE BIDEN DECIDES TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT, THIS VIDEO SHOULD BE MANDATORY VIEWING",Here s Biden chuckling and grinning while debating the Iran sanctions   the arrogance runs deep on this one. ,0
15288,HOW LEFT- LEANING GOOGLE’S SECRET DECISIONS COULD CHOOSE OUR NEXT PRESIDENT,"America s next president could be eased into office not just by TV ads or speeches, but by Google s secret decisions, and no one except for me and perhaps a few other obscure researchers would know how this was accomplished.Research I have been directing in recent years suggests that Google, Inc., has amassed far more power to control elections indeed, to control a wide variety of opinions and beliefs than any company in history has ever had. Google s search algorithm can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20 percent or more up to 80 percent in some demographic groups with virtually no one knowing they are being manipulated, according to experiments I conducted recently with Ronald E. Robertson.Given that many elections are won by small margins, this gives Google the power, right now, to flip upwards of 25 percent of the national elections worldwide. In the United States, half of our presidential elections have been won by margins under 7.6 percent, and the 2012 election was won by a margin of only 3.9 percent well within Google s control.There are at least three very real scenarios whereby Google perhaps even without its leaders  knowledge could shape or even decide the election next year. Whether or not Google executives see it this way, the employees who constantly adjust the search giant s algorithms are manipulating people every minute of every day. The adjustments they make increasingly influence our thinking including, it turns out, our voting preferences.What we call in our research the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME) turns out to be one of the largest behavioral effects ever discovered. Our comprehensive new study, just published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), includes the results of five experiments we conducted with more than 4,500 participants in two countries. Because SEME is virtually invisible as a form of social influence, because the effect is so large and because there are currently no specific regulations anywhere in the world that would prevent Google from using and abusing this technique, we believe SEME is a serious threat to the democratic system of government.According to Google Trends, at this writing Donald Trump is currently trouncing all other candidates in search activity in 47 of 50 states. Could this activity push him higher in search rankings, and could higher rankings in turn bring him more support? Most definitely depending, that is, on how Google employees choose to adjust numeric weightings in the search algorithm. Google acknowledges adjusting the algorithm 600 times a year, but the process is secret, so what effect Mr. Trump s success will have on how he shows up in Google searches is presumably out of his hands.***Our new research leaves little doubt about whether Google has the ability to control voters. In laboratory and online experiments conducted in the United States, we were able to boost the proportion of people who favored any candidate by between 37 and 63 percent after just one search session. The impact of viewing biased rankings repeatedly over a period of weeks or months would undoubtedly be larger.In our basic experiment, participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups in which search rankings favored either Candidate A, Candidate B or neither candidate. Participants were given brief descriptions of each candidate and then asked how much they liked and trusted each candidate and whom they would vote for. Then they were allowed up to 15 minutes to conduct online research on the candidates using a Google-like search engine we created called Kadoodle.Each group had access to the same 30 search results all real search results linking to real web pages from a past election. Only the ordering of the results differed in the three groups. People could click freely on any result or shift between any of five different results pages, just as one can on Google s search engine.When our participants were done searching, we asked them those questions again, and, voil : On all measures, opinions shifted in the direction of the candidate who was favored in the rankings. Trust, liking and voting preferences all shifted predictably.More alarmingly, we also demonstrated this shift with real voters during an actual electoral campaign in an experiment conducted with more than 2,000 eligible, undecided voters throughout India during the 2014 Lok Sabha election there the largest democratic election in history, with more than 800 million eligible voters and 480 million votes ultimately cast. Even here, with real voters who were highly familiar with the candidates and who were being bombarded with campaign rhetoric every day, we showed that search rankings could boost the proportion of people favoring any candidate by more than 20 percent more than 60 percent in some demographic groups.Given how powerful this effect is, it s possible that Google decided the winner of the Indian election. Google s own daily data on election-related search activity (subsequently removed from the Internet, but not before my colleagues and I downloaded the pages) showed that Narendra Modi, the ultimate winner, outscored his rivals in search activity by more than 25 percent for sixty-one consecutive days before the final votes were cast. That high volume of search activity could easily have been generated by higher search rankings for Modi.Google s official comment on SEME research is always the same:  Providing relevant answers has been the cornerstone of Google s approach to search from the very beginning. It would undermine the people s trust in our results and company if we were to change course. Could any comment be more meaningless? How does providing  relevant answers  to election-related questions rule out the possibility of favoring one candidate over another in search rankings? Google s statement seems far short of a blanket denial that it ever puts its finger on the scales.There are three credible scenarios under which Google could easily be flipping elections worldwide as you read this:First, there is the Western Union ScenarioGoogle s executives decide which candidate is best for us and for the company, of course and they fiddle with search rankings accordingly. There is precedent in the United States for this kind of backroom king-making. Rutherford B. Hayes, the 19th president of the United States, was put into office in part because of strong support by Western Union. In the late 1800s, Western Union had a monopoly on communications in America, and just before the election of 1876, the company did its best to assure that only positive news stories about Hayes appeared in newspapers nationwide. It also shared all the telegrams sent by his opponent s campaign staff with Hayes s staff. Perhaps the most effective way to wield political influence in today s high-tech world is to donate money to a candidate and then to use technology to make sure he or she wins. The technology guarantees the win, and the donation guarantees allegiance, which Google has certainly tapped in recent years with the Obama administration.Given Google s strong ties to Democrats, there is reason to suspect that if Google or its employees intervene to favor their candidates, it will be to adjust the search algorithm to favor Hillary Clinton. In 2012, Google and its top executives donated more than $800,000 to Obama but only $37,000 to Romney. At least six top tech officials in the Obama administration, including Megan Smith, the country s chief technology officer, are former Google employees. According to a recent report by the Wall Street Journal, since Obama took office, Google representatives have visited the White House ten times as frequently as representatives from comparable companies once a week, on average.Hillary Clinton clearly has Google s support and is well aware of Google s value in elections. In April of this year, she hired a top Google executive, Stephanie Hannon, to serve as her chief technology officer. I don t have any reason to suspect Hannon would use her old connections to aid her candidate, but the fact that she or any other individual with sufficient clout at Google has the power to decide elections threatens to undermine the legitimacy of our electoral system, particularly in close elections.This is, in any case, the most implausible scenario. What company would risk the public outrage and corporate punishment that would follow from being caught manipulating an election? Second, there is the Marius Milner ScenarioA rogue employee at Google who has sufficient password authority or hacking skills makes a few tweaks in the rankings (perhaps after receiving a text message from some old friend who now works on a campaign), and the deed is done. In 2010, when Google got caught sweeping up personal information from unprotected Wi-Fi networks in more than 30 countries using its Street View vehicles, the entire operation was blamed on one Google employee: software engineer Marius Milner. So they fired him, right? Nope. He s still there, and on LinkedIn he currently identifies his profession as  hacker.  If, somehow, you have gotten the impression that at least a few of Google s 37,000 employees are every bit as smart as Milner and possess a certain mischievousness well, you are probably right, which is why the rogue employee scenario isn t as far-fetched as it might seem. And third and this is the scariest possibility there is the Algorithm ScenarioUnder this scenario, all of Google s employees are innocent little lambs, but the software is evil. Google s search algorithm is pushing one candidate to the top of rankings because of what the company coyly dismisses as  organic  search activity by users; it s harmless, you see, because it s all natural. Under this scenario, a computer program is picking our elected officials.To put this another way, our research suggests that no matter how innocent or disinterested Google s employees may be, Google s search algorithm, propelled by user activity, has been determining the outcomes of close elections worldwide for years, with increasing impact every year because of increasing Internet penetration. SEME is powerful precisely because Google is so good at what it does; its search results are generally superb. Having learned that fact over time, we have come to trust those results to a high degree. We have also learned that higher rankings mean better material, which is why 50 percent of our clicks go to the first two items, with more than 90 percent of all clicks going to that precious first search page. Unfortunately, when it comes to elections, that extreme trust we have developed makes us vulnerable to manipulation.In the final days of a campaign, fortunes are spent on media blitzes directed at a handful of counties where swing voters will determine the winners in the all-important swing states. What a waste of resources! The right person at Google could influence those key voters more than any stump speech could; there is no cheaper, more efficient or subtler way to turn swing voters than SEME. SEME also has one eerie advantage over billboards: when people are unaware of a source of influence, they believe they weren t being influenced at all; they believe they made up their own minds.Republicans, take note: A manipulation on Hillary Clinton s behalf would be particularly easy for Google to carry out, because of all the demographic groups we have looked at so far, no group has been more vulnerable to SEME in other words, so blindly trusting of search rankings than moderate Republicans. In a national experiment we conducted in the United States, we were able to shift a whopping 80 percent of moderate Republicans in any direction we chose just by varying search rankings.There are many ways to influence voters more ways than ever these days, thanks to cable television, mobile devices and the Internet. Why be so afraid of Google s search engine? If rankings are so influential, won t all the candidates be using the latest SEO techniques to make sure they rank high?SEO is competitive, as are billboards and TV commercials. No problem there. The problem is that for all practical purposes, there is just one search engine. More than 75 percent of online search in the United States is conducted on Google, and in most other countries that proportion is 90 percent. That means that if Google s CEO, a rogue employee or even just the search algorithm itself favors one candidate, there is no way to counteract that influence. It would be as if Fox News were the only television channel in the country. As Internet penetration grows and more people get their information about candidates online, SEME will become an increasingly powerful form of influence, which means that the programmers and executives who control search engines will also become more powerful.Worse still, our research shows that even when people do notice they are seeing biased search rankings, their voting preferences still shift in the desired directions even more than the preferences of people who are oblivious to the bias. In our national study in the United States, 36 percent of people who were unaware of the rankings bias shifted toward the candidate we chose for them, but 45 percent of those who were aware of the bias also shifted. It s as if the bias was serving as a form of social proof; the search engine clearly prefers one candidate, so that candidate must be the best. (Search results are supposed to be biased, after all; they re supposed to show us what s best, second best, and so on.)Biased rankings are hard for individuals to detect, but what about regulators or election watchdogs? Unfortunately, SEME is easy to hide. The best way to wield this type of influence is to do what Google is becoming better at doing every day: send out customized search results. If search results favoring one candidate were sent only to vulnerable individuals, regulators and watchdogs would be especially hard pressed to find them.For the record, by the way, our experiments meet the gold standards of research in the behavioral sciences: They are randomized (which means people are randomly assigned to different groups), controlled (which means they include groups in which interventions are either present or absent), counterbalanced (which means critical details, such as names, are presented to half the participants in one order and to half in the opposite order) and double-blind (which means that neither the subjects nor anyone who interacts with them has any idea what the hypotheses are or what groups people are assigned to). Our subject pools are diverse, matched as closely as possible to characteristics of a country s electorate. Finally, our recent report in PNAS included four replications; in other words, we showed repeatedly under different conditions and with different groups that SEME is real.Our newest research on SEME, conducted with nearly 4,000 people just before the national elections in the UK this past spring, is looking at ways we might be able to protect people from the manipulation. We found the monster; now we re trying to figure out how to kill it. What we have learned so far is that the only way to protect people from biased search rankings is to break the trust Google has worked so hard to build. When we deliberately mix rankings up, or when we display various kinds of alerts that identify bias, we can suppress SEME to some extent.It s hard to imagine Google ever degrading its product and undermining its credibility in such ways, however. To protect the free and fair election, that might leave only one option, as unpalatable as it might seem: government regulation.Authored by Robert Epstein (@DrREpstein   senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), originally posted at Politico.com Via: Zero Hedge",0
15289,HILLARY’S CHICKENS ARE COMIN’ HOME TO ROOST: News Reports Suggest Hillary May Have Used A Second Private Server,"Hillary may have gotten away with lying to the public for decades, but what she underestimated this time around was the enormous power of Chicago thugs, Valerie Jarrett and Barack Hussein Obama. If the two of them decide they don t want you running for office, you likely won t stand a chance The tens of thousands of emails on Hillary Clinton s private server from when she was secretary of state could also be on a second device or server, according to news reports.The FBI now has the only confirmed private server, as part of a Justice Department probe to determine whether it sent of received classified information for Clinton when she was the country s top diplomat from 2009 to 2013.Platte River Networks, which managed Clinton s server and private email network after she left the State Department, has indicated it transfer   or  migrated    emails from the original server in 2013, according to The Washington Examiner.However, Clinton, the front-running Democratic presidential candidate, has suggested that she gave the department 55,000 pages of official emails and deleted roughly 30,000 personal ones in January, which raises the possibility they were culled from a second device.Neither a Clinton spokesman nor an attorney for the Colorado-based Platte River Networks returned an Examiner s request for comment, the news gathering agency reported Saturday.The DailyMail.com on Aug. 14 was among the first to report the possibility of a second server.The FBI took the server last week, after a U.S. Intelligence Community inspector general reportedly found two Clinton emails that included sensitive information, then asked the FBI to further investigate.Platte River Networks has told news agencies that the server, now in New Jersey, has been wiped clean. But forensics experts still might be able to recover some information.There have been reports that some of the emails that Clinton turned over included classified information. Clinton maintains that she neither sent nor received classified data, which suggests the missives might have been marked after the fact as classified or with some other top-secret classification.The emails that Clinton gave to the State Department were on multiple storage devices. A Clinton lawyer turned over at least one thumb drive that reportedly included copies of the emails that his client has already given to the federal government.Clinton has maintained that she has done nothing wrong or illegal and says she will cooperate fully with the non-criminal investigations.Via: FOX News ",0
15290,SHOCKING VIDEO SHOWS HOW EASILY DRUG DEALERS SCALE ‘WALL’ With Giant Bails Of Marijuana On Backs,"Feeling a little safer knowing how well our border fence is working to keep undesirables out? I wonder if ISIS members know how to climb?While Bernie Sanders and other leftist Presidential hopefuls are focused on stealing money from hard working Americans to give to entitled voters and ringing phony climate change alarms, some of the most violent people in the world are freely crossing our borders.A video shows how Drug smugglers scale border fences and continue to bring drugs across into the U.S. with little trouble. This disputes the many claims made by top officials within the Department of Homeland Security that the border is as safe it has ever been.As can be seen in this video published in the Facebook page of the Mexican radio outlet Borderlinea.com.mx, two drug smugglers carrying what appear to be large marijuana bundles were able to climb over the border fence and get away.Breitbart Texas consulted with law enforcement officials who confirmed that the video was taken at the border fence just south of Nogales Arizona which borders the Mexican city by the same name. The city is located in the Mexican state of Sonora.The two men climbing the fence resonates with the message delivered by presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson. The 2016 Republican presidential hopeful visited Arizona. He said the fence in those areas would not keep him out, Breitbart News reported.While the drug traffickers were able to climb the fence with little to no trouble, just East and West of their location are multiple areas where useless border fences stand about three feet tall.Via: Breitbart ",0
15291,NEW POLL IS BAD NEWS FOR OBAMA’S MANUFACTURED RACE WAR,"Will this news only increase Obama s desire to work harder to stoke the racial flames in America? Rasmussen  poll released Thursday reveals that two out of three black people prefer the term  all lives matter  to the protest slogan  black lives matter,  reports The Hill.Only 31 percent of black people surveyed said that  black lives matter  most closely comports to their own beliefs, compared to 64 percent who chose  all lives matter. Seventy-eight percent of total respondents also chose  all lives matter,  including 81 percent of white and 76 percent of minority respondents, according to the poll.Black Lives Matter co-founder Julius Jones told CNN s Wolf Blitzer Tuesday that the notion that  all lives matter  is a  violent statement : And when people say  all lives matter,  it s actually a violent statement because the only time that people say  all lives matter  is in opposition to Black Lives Matter and it s the most violent statement of love that you can do,  he said incomprehensibly.Apparently the 64 percent of blacks who chose that violent statement didn t get Jones  memo.The Rasmussen poll surveyed 1,000 respondents and has a 3-point margin of error.Via: Truth Revolt",0
15292,[VIDEO] GAY ACTRESS TRIES TO AMBUSH TED CRUZ AT IOWA PICNIC…Cruz Turns The Argument Around In A Brilliant Way,"The left is quickly discovering that this is a very different crop of GOP Presidential candidates, who are not going to allow the progressive left to steamroll them as easily as they have in the past While manning a grill at the Iowa State Fair on Friday, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)was ambushed by lesbian actress Ellen Page and ended up debating homosexuality and religious freedom, unaware of who she really was.Page, dressed incognito, pressed Cruz for his thoughts on  people getting fired just for being gay or trans,  to which Cruz said he believed Christians are being persecuted in the wake of the Supreme Court s June ruling, which mandated same-sex marriage a constitutional right.Cruz reminded Page of the treatment of homosexuals by ISIS and Iran, which Page scantily acknowledged, before arguing Christians are using violence against gay people in Jamaica. Cruz then reprimanded the actress for not understanding the contrast between violent behavior and public executions.Via: Breitbart News",0
15293,"FULL SPEECH: Donald Trump Speaks to 20,000 PLUS In Mobile, AL","Donald Trump is doing exactly the opposite of what critics said he would. So far, there s no end in sight to the enthusiasm Americans have for Trump and his message. Watch Trump s  entire speech to over 20,000 fans here: ",0
15294,KARMA! BIRTHDAY BOY BILL CLINTON HECKLED BY KIDS ON THE GOLF COURSE,"SO YOUR HUSBAND TURNS 69 If he s Bill Clinton he gets heckled by a bunch of kids on the golf course and your spouse doesn t show for the celebration. KARMABill Clinton was heckled by kids for taking too long between shots at his golf-filled 69th birthday.The ex-president, who has started his two-week vacation in the Hamptons without wife Hillary, who s on the campaign trail, sported neon pink sneakers and a matching hat at Montauk Downs State Park golf course Tuesday. He also played a round of mini-golf at Puff  n  Putt with his niece and nephew, who looked around 8 and 10.Although they had  a lot of Secret Service  in tow, Clinton took the time to talk to a vet and his children, ages 4, 9 and 11. But  One of the little kids didn t know who Clinton was and got impatient with his chat, saying,  Come on, it s your turn.  He played two holes with them and took photos. Via: NYP69TH BIRTHDAY ATTENDED BY EVERYONE BUT HILLARYBill Clinton celebrated his 69th birthday in East Hampton Tuesday. The former president hit beachy Mexican joint Blue Parrot with 10 guests, including rocker Jon Bon Jovi, and other friends, who were seated at a long table among other diners. While Hillary was busy campaigning and daughter Chelsea is in Sardinia, Italy, with husband Marc Mezvinsky, spies say  extended family  attended the bash. Clinton, who ended his diet of McDonald s and proclaimed himself a vegan a few years ago, stuck to healthier  salads and vegetables,  says a spy.  It looked like a cozy, happy night.  Bon Jovi is an investor in the restaurant, along with Ren e Zellweger, Larry Gagosian and Ronald Perelman.",0
15295,(VIDEO) MICHELLE OBAMA’S LATEST TACKY AD FOR KIDS: “EAT YOUR “EFFEN” VEGETABLES!”,"Can she just go away and stop with the tacky commercials. What kids say  effen ? That s not even the least bit funny. I don t know about you but I m not encouraging my kids to say or think it s the least bit appropriate to say something like this. Michelle Obama is hoping her new ad with Jimmy Kimmel will encourage kids to eat their  effen  fruits and vegetables. The First Lady appeared on Thursday s episode of  Jimmy Kimmel Live  to talk up her new healthy eating initiative.  I couldn t be more excited about a new campaign called FNV,  she says in the PSA.  As in eat your effen  vegetables,  Kimmel chimes in. ",0
15296,EUROPEAN VACATION: MOOCH RUNS UP A HUGE TAB COMPLIMENTS OF THE TAXPAYERS,"The Obama family continues to rack up huge bills on transportation alone when they take the thinly veiled humanitarian vacations at the taxpayer s expense. The bill for air transportation is HUGE! I can only imagine what the grand total will be.Michelle Obama s June trip to Italy and the United Kingdom cost taxpayers more than $200,000 on air transportation alone, according to documents released by a government watchdog group.The documents, obtained by Judicial Watch after filing a Freedom of Information Act request June 22, found that the First Lady s international trip in June ran $240,495.67 in airfare costs. Obama, who was accompanied by her mother and daughters, took the six-day trip in late June and made stops in London, Milan, and Vicenza. According to the Air Force documents, the flights to London, England and Milan, Venice, and Vicenza, Italy, for the June 15 21, 2015, trip totaled 20:35 hours at the cost of $11,684 per hour, bringing the flight expense total to $240,495.67,  Judicial Watch writes.The watchdog also notes that despite the White House billing the event as a part of Michelle s  Let Girls Learn  and  Let s Move  campaign, Michelle and company did their fair share of sightseeing on the trip and even sat down for tea at Kensington Place with Prince Harry.Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, said that if Obama wants to have tea with Prince Harry, she is entitled to do so but not on the taxpayers  dime. The Obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades,  said Fitton.  If Michelle Obama wants to take tea with Prince Harry or enthuse over Da Vinci s The Last Supper, she is certainly entitled to do so, but not at taxpayer expense. Via: WFB",0
15297,BREAKING REPORT: CLINTON AND TWO AIDES BROKE NATIONAL SECURITY LAWS,"Hillary Clinton is trying to blame the State Department for her lawlessness but new information is coming out showing the destruction of evidence by two Clinton aides. Thank goodness for Judicial Watch and their effort to get to the bottom of this e-mail scandal. Hillary Clinton and two aides appear to have violated two national security laws by sending classified information on a private email server, according to a former Army counterintelligence agent and investigator for a public interest law group.Additionally, the two Clinton aides, Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills, disregarded a federal judge s order this month requiring both to make sworn statements to the court that all government documents in their possession will be returned to federal officials, said Chris Farrell, director of investigations for Judicial Watch, the law group. What we have is a secretary of state, the only cabinet official in our history, who established her own private email server   in an effort to avoid the normal protocols for unclassified and classified communications. It s an end run,  he said.Farrell, in a briefing on the Clinton email affair at the Judicial Watch offices, said supporters of Clinton have sought to portray the use of the private email system to send classified information as a minor administrative matter. It is not,  he said.  It is a national security crime, and should be a national security crime investigation,  he said, noting that Clinton created the private email server a week before she took up her duties at Foggy Bottom, indicating that she planned to avoid using official email that must be stored under federal rules.Two laws apply to the mishandling of classified data on unsecure networks, Farrell said.The first is 18 USC Sec. 1924, which outlaws the unauthorized removal and storage of classified information. Penalties can include fines and imprisonment for up to one year.That statute was used to prosecute retired Army General David Petraeus, a former CIA director who provided classified documents to his mistress and biographer, Paula Broadwell. Petraeus was sentenced to two years  probation and a $40,000 fine as part of a plea deal in March.A second federal statute that prosecutors could use to charge Clinton and her aides is 18 USC Sec. 793, a more serious felony statute Farrell described as a  hammer. That law covers national defense information and people who misuse it to injure the United States or benefit a foreign power.Those convicted of violating that law face fines and up to 10 years in prison.Farrell said he that as an Army counterintelligence officer, he has conducted investigations in the past that are similar to the Clinton email probe. He also worked at a special security officer who was in charge of SCIFs special facilities used for handling sensitive intelligence. When it comes the law on these, intent doesn t matter,  Farrell said. Mishandling top-secret information should bring down the full weight of the law on violators, he said.The Clinton email matter is a  serious national security crime issue,  Farrell said.  It s not two agencies fighting over classification after the fact. Judicial Watch currently has 18 lawsuits pending against the State Department seeking access to records under the Freedom of Information Act. THE CLINTON E-MAIL SCANDAL EXPLAINED IN 2 1/2 MINUTES: A hearing on one of the lawsuits is set for Thursday before Judge Emmet G. Sullivan of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, who recently ordered Clinton, Abedin, and Mills to make the sworn statements regarding federal documents in their possession.According to Farrell, only Clinton supplied the sworn statement that promised to return all government data and not destroy any records involved in the case. Abedin and Mills, however, did not and instead supplied the court with statements from their lawyers.Thursday s court hearing will be the latest turn in an unfolding security scandal involving the former secretary of state that has the potential to undermine her bid to win the Democratic presidential nomination.Via: WFB",0
15298,INSANE: SECRET DEAL OBAMA MADE WITH “Death To America’s” IRAN INCLUDES Iran Monitoring Their Own Nuclear Sites,"Does anyone else find it strange the Obama would lobby so hard to make it easy for Iran to develop nuclear weapons they will likely use against us and our allies in the Middle East? Maybe he s not aware that we re dealing with a country who has an actual day set aside to celebrate their hate for America and Israel Iran s Quds Day: Death to America, Death to IsraelThe ritualistic rally cries of  Death to America  and  Death to Israel.   Quds Day has become a day in which Iran and protestors in other societies attack the legitimacy of the state of Israel ( The Little Satan ) and continue to threaten the United States ( The Big Satan ). Gatestone Institute An apparent draft of one of the secret side agreements to the Iran nuclear deal indicates that Tehran will be permitted to use its own experts to inspect the Parchin nuclear site believed to have housed nuclear arms development.The Associated Press obtained the document, which an anonymous official described as a draft of an agreement between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that does not differ much from the final version. The IAEA is the U.N. agency responsible for ensuring that Tehran abides by the stipulations in the finalized deal.The secret agreements between Iran and the IAEA of which there are at least two have to do with the inspection of Iran s Parchin military facility as well as the extent to which Tehran must admit to the details of its alleged nuclear weapons program.Despite repeated calls from lawmakers, President Obama has refused to provide Congress with the details of the secret deals.The AP reports:Any IAEA member country must give the agency some insight into its nuclear program. Some countries are required to do no more than give a yearly accounting of the nuclear material they possess. But nations like Iran suspected of possible proliferation are under greater scrutiny that can include stringent inspections.But the agreement diverges from normal inspection procedures between the IAEA and a member country by essentially ceding the agency s investigative authority to Iran. It allows Tehran to employ its own experts and equipment in the search for evidence for activities that it has consistently denied trying to develop nuclear weapons.The document suggests that IAEA officials will merely monitor Iranian experts as they inspect the Parchin site and provide the U.N. agency with photos and videos taken only of areas that Iran has not deemed off-limits because of military implications.Iranian technicians are also to perform the sampling of weapons development work, which is limited to seven samples inside the facility building.In the face of criticism, the Obama administration has denied that the nuclear deal is built on the trust of the Iranians.Multiple GOP lawmakers have sounded the alarm regarding the secret agreements between Tehran and the IAEA, accusing Obama of violating the law by denying Congress access to the details of the side deals.Before the final deal was reached in Vienna, Obama signed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which requires congressional lawmakers view all documents of the nuclear agreement specifically including those reached on the  side.  Via: WFBWatch Barack Hussein Obama compare the GOP to Iranian s chanting  death to America  over their opposition to his heinous deal: ",0
15299,(VIDEO) KARL ROVE MISSES THE MARK ON JUST HOW FED UP AMERICANS ARE RIGHT NOW,THIS IS THE DEFINITION OF A CLUELESS HAS-BEEN: ,0
15300,NOT KIDDING: [VIDEO] JEB BUSH SAYS WE NEED TO PASS IMMIGRATION REFORM Because Illegals Are “More Fertile”,jeb! continues his free fall in the polls in spite of the all out push by the GOP to make him the Republican nominee for President in 2016 ,0
15301,(VIDEO) WATCH HILLARY MEETS WITH BLACK LIVES MATTER THUGS BECAUSE BLACK PRIMARY VOTES MATTER,Pandering like crazy is what you see here. These people are so stuck and play the victim card like nobodies business Watch Hillary do the head bob like she s actually listening to these people: ,0
15302,HACKERS REVEAL THOUSANDS OF EMAILS REGISTERED TO WHITE HOUSE USED WEBSITE FOR CHEATING SPOUSES [Video],"This could be bad news for a number of politicians who seem to have ditched their moral compass  as they entered the Washington DC cesspool Thousands of clients using the affair-oriented Ashley Madison website listed email addresses registered to the White House, top federal agencies and military branches, a data dump by hackers revealed.The detailed data, released Tuesday, will likely put Washington, D.C., on edge. The nation s capital reportedly has the highest rate of membership for the site of any city.Indeed, more than 15,000 of the email addresses used to register accounts were hosted on government and military servers.Buried in the list are emails that could be tied to multiple administration agencies, including the State Department and Department of Homeland Security, as well as several tied to both the House and Senate.For a month, hackers using the name  Impact Team  have been holding hostage the dating profiles of those who registered on the site. The group threatened to publicly out the potential adulterers if the site s owner, Avid Life Media, didn t take down Ashley Madison, which uses the tagline,  Life is short. Have an affair. Security researchers said on Wednesday that they believe the data released following the hack at Ashley Madison is authentic. This dump appears to be legit,  said David Kennedy, CEO of information security company TrustedSec, which monitors cyber attacks, in a blog post.  Very, very legit. Security journalist Brian Krebs reported several of the site s users told him their real information is in the data dump.The leaked database is staggering, according to researchers, and larger than expected at 37 million records, or nearly 10 gigabytes compressed. For folks that may not know, that is massive,  Kennedy said.  Huge. It s full account information,  said Robert Graham, CEO of Errata Security, in a blog post. That includes full names, emails, phone numbers, addresses and passwords. It also includes dating information, like height, weight, and so forth,  Graham added.  It appears to contain addresses, as well as GPS coordinates. I suspect that many people created fake accounts, but with an app that reported their real GPS coordinates. Other tech news outlets, such as CSO, have discovered British government officials, United Nations employees and Vatican staff among the millions of people in the leaked database.However, the site reportedly did not check the validity of email addresses, and it s likely that many of the government email accounts were faked. For instance, several emails were registered at  whitehouse.gov,  whereas White House officials use  eop.gov  for email communications.The hackers have indicated their mission is to publicly shame the company, while also teaching its users a lesson. Find yourself in here?  they said in a statement posted with the data dump.  It was [Avid Life Media] that failed you and lied to you. Prosecute them and claim damages. Then move on with your life. Learn your lesson and make amends. Embarrassing now, but you ll get over it. Via: The Hill",0
15303,HILARIOUS: TRUMP EXPOSES STUPIDITY OF NBC PUPPET “REPORTER” [Video],Trump made sure everyone got a chance to see his interview with NBC  Reporter  Katy Tur after he posted this telling clip from the interview on his Twitter account https://twitter.com/TrumpPatriots/status/630443452661133312,0
15304,(Video) Bill O’Reilly Donald Trump Battle Over Immigration Plan and 14th Amendment,Spirited debate: ,0
15305,BREAKING: INSANE LOCATION “MOM AND POP” COMPANY WITH DEM PARTY CONNECTIONS Kept Hillary Clinton’s Email Server Is Disclosed [Video]," It was not very high security The IT company Hilary Clinton chose to maintain her private email account was run from a loft apartment and its servers were housed in the bathroom closet, Daily Mail Online can reveal. Daily Mail Online tracked down ex-employees of Platte River Networks in Denver, Colorado, who revealed the outfit s strong links to the Democratic Party but expressed shock that the 2016 presidential candidate chose the small private company for such a sensitive job.One, Tera Dadiotis, called it  a mom and pop shop  which was an excellent place to work, but hardly seemed likely to be used to secure state secrets. And Tom Welch, who helped found the company, confirmed the servers were in a bathroom closet.It can also be disclosed that the small number of employees who were aware of the Clinton contract were told to keep it secret. The way in which Clinton came to contract a company described as a  mom and pop  operation remains unclear.However Daily Mail Online has established a series of connections between the firm and the Democratic Party.The small scale of the firm and its own home-made arrangements which will raise the most significant questions over security and over what checks Clinton s aides made about how suitable it was for dealing with what new transpires to be classified material. Daily Mail Online spoke to former employees of the firm, including Tera Dadiotis, who was a customer relations consultant between 2007 and 2010.Describing it as  a great place to work, but kind of like a mom and pop shop , Tera reacted with disbelief that her former company was hired to manage the email system of Democratic juggernaut Hilary Clinton.Speaking to Daily Mail Online at her home in Castle Rock, Colorado, Tera said:  I think it s really bizarre, I don t know how that relationship evolved. At the time I worked for them they wouldn t have been equipped to work for Hilary Clinton because I don t think they had the resources, they were based out of a loft, so [it was] not very high security, we didn t even have an alarm.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15306,(VIDEO) FOX’S DANA PERINO GOES BALLISTIC ON TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION PLAN EXPOSING HER BUSH FAVORITISM,It s interesting that Trump s candidacy has exposed so many political hacks in unlikely places. ,0
15307,[AUDIO] MARK LEVIN EXPLAINS HOW HILLARY REALLY COULD BE GOING TO PRISON For Violating Espionage Act – Section 793 Penal Code,"Hillary in prison orange kinda like an early Christmas gift to America Section 793 of the Penal Code, subsection (f) is a problem for Hillary Clinton. It is very specific in defining the offenses which meet the criteria for a violation and it appears that Ms Clinton has potentially thousands of counts, perhaps tens or hundreds of thousands, against her.Mark Levin read the subsection on air, which states,  Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note or information relating to the national defense  He notes this statute is a portion of the Espionage Act.Levin continued,  Subset one:  through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust or to be lost, stolen, abstracted or destroyed.  Got that? I ll get to the next section later. I m hearing on TV:  It depends on her intent, it depends on her intent.  No it doesn t, not with respect to this, Subsection (f). He goes on,  Or two,  having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust or lost or stolen or abstracted  and so forth. So here s her problem. Subsection one:  through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody The entire server was not supposed to be, it turns out it s in her barn,  says Levin.  She has a barn on her property. So any classified information, including top-secret information, which is the highest of the classified information, Code Black top-secret information. But let me underscore this again. It really is in plain English. Section 793, you can Google it yourself, of the Penal Code, Subsection (f):  Whoever being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book  and so forth and so on,  through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust or to be lost, stolen, abstracted or destroyed. Levin note that his point is made, when she set up an unsecured server in her barn she was beyond negligent, she deliberately bypassed the security protocols. Via: Rick Wells",0
15308,OOPS! STATE DEPT TURNS UP THOUSANDS OF E-MAILS THEY SWORE DIDN’T EXIST,"This is another twist and turn in the mega scandal that is all Hillary s mess. The interesting thing about this e-mail discovery is that Philippe Reines had been battling with reporters in March via e-mail regarding guilt or innocence in this e-mail scandal:A key member of Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton s team sent several angry emails to a group of journalists on Tuesday night. The messages criticized a source for being a  lying liar  and what the aide described as a reporter s  cockamamie theory. Fast Forward to this new development: State Department officials have uncovered thousands of emails between Philippe Reines, a top Hillary Clinton aide, and members of the media, they previously said did not exist.In a court filing last Thursday, the State Department estimated that a recent search turned up more than 81,000 emails from Reines s official account while at the State Department. And 17,855 potentially fall within a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed by Gawker earlier this year.That is a reversal from 2013, when the State Department said a thorough search turned up no responsive records for Gawker s request. In 2012, Gawker requested all emails between Reines and reporters from 34 media outlets.The State Department did not explain the reversal in the court document, nor did it return a request for comment.It will begin releasing a tranche of Reines s emails by the end of September.After it was revealed earlier this year that Clinton, and potentially some of her aides, used personal email accounts for official business, Gawker sued the State Department over its initial request for communications between Reines and reporters.Via: The Hill",0
15309,"RUSH LIMBAUGH: TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION STANCE MAY WIN REPUBLICANS, DEMOCRATS AND INDEPENDENTS","Trump s not dropping in the polls in spite of the GOP and mainstream media s best efforts On The Rush Limbaugh Show, the popular conservative talk radio host discussed Donald Trump s immigration plan and told listeners that Trump s meteoric rise in the polls is entirely attributable to his mainstream position on immigration, which appeals to a broad array of voters.In a lengthy segment, Limbaugh laid out several of the policy items addressed in Trump s in-depth immigration proposal, such as ending birthright citizenship, deporting illegal immigrants, and building a border fence.Limbaugh argued that Trump s mainstream stance on immigration stands in stark contrast to the extreme position held by the open borders class that runs the country:Now, the inside-the-Beltway people, when they hear that, they cringe,  Oh, my God, don t say that s what Republicans [stand for]   oh, God.  [But the] people are standing up and cheering. They don t want their country given away, for crying out loud! [ ] I m telling you, that one has people standing up and cheering.Limbaugh explained that Trump s success is,  due to substance and it is due to immigration,  insisting that,  It s obvious that that issue is the foundational issue for Trump.  Limbaugh told listeners that Trump has used the issue of immigration to distinguish himself from all of the other Republican candidates currently running:It s amazing. Sixteen people are running for the presidency, and  15 of them are perceived to have essentially the same policy on immigration. One of them is entirely different from the other 15, and he s the one who s leading. Now, don t you think people inside the Beltway should be able to look at this and put two and two together and figure out what is causing this? They can chalk it up to celebrity, they can chalk it up to pop culture, they can chalk it up to circus.Limbaugh argued that Trump has been able to surpass all other Republican candidates because he has adopted a position on immigration that prioritizes the desires of the American voter above the desires of Republican donors and inside-the-beltway elites:Both parties, conservative-liberal, Republican-Democrat, I don t think they have the slightest idea what the vast majority of people in this country think about immigration and what s happening to the country, and they don t want any part of it. And of course the establishment is seen as wanting to ramrod their view of immigration down everybody s throat. Trump s the only guy standing up against it  I don t think these people have any idea just how angry, frightened, fearful, a pretty big majority of the people in this country are, that we are losing the country, and we re losing it because of immigration  And they see both parties in cahoots to make it happen, and they don t understand it. People that love America do not understand this. I mean, even when you tell  em,  Well, big-money donors say this because they want X, Y, and Z,  it still doesn t make any sense. How does that trump patriotism? How does all that matter more to these people, elected officials, than patriotism, love of country, America, shining city on a hill and all that, why does that not matter anymore? And there isn t a single candidate for president addressing the issue in a way that resonates with the American people, particularly Republican primary voters, not one, until Donald Trump comes along.Limbaugh explained that Trump s position represents the mainstream view on immigration:  Trump is not seen as a radical at all in this by average, ordinary Americans. He s not seen as an extremist. He s not seen as a fringe kook.  Instead,  Trump s ideas are not fringe, are not outliers, they are mainstream. They represent the views and the attitudes of the people who make this country work. To reinforce this point, Limbaugh highlighted a recent article by The Washington Examiner s Byron York which  found a recent academic paper published by Stanford Professor David Broockman and Berkeley PhD candidate Douglas Ahler, and it suggests a majority of the public s views on immigration are closer to Trump s than to the advocates of comprehensive immigration reform. Limbaugh argued that by embracing a platform of immigration moderation   i.e. returning immigration to lower, more normal historical levels from today s surging record highs  Trump will appeal to a wide-range of Democratic and Independent voters.Republican Party officials, inside-the-Beltway officials tell us that we can t win the White House anymore without getting additional votes besides just Republican votes  We need to get Democrats. We need to get independents  Okay, fine, well, guess what, who s doing that? Who is expanding the party beyond what it is normally thought to be? Trump, of all people. And yet they re lowering the hammer on the guy each and every day, when it is Donald Trump who is executing what the Republican Party says they need to win.Indeed, polling commissioned by the National Republican Senate Committee (NRSC) recently found that a populist position on immigration has mass appeal amongst women, minorities, and non-Republican voters in addition to the base of Republican voters.Limbaugh believes that other Republican candidates could see similar success if they were to adopt Trump s position on immigration:If just one of these Republican candidates   just one of them   had come out forcefully for America on this immigration business, Trump wouldn t even exist as a candidate. Well, he might exist, but he wouldn t have such a free road in this one issue.In fact, Limbaugh predicted that Trump s announcement will influence many candidates on the critical issue of immigration:The me-toos are beginning.  Hey, my proposal is just like Trump s.  You watch  The me-toos are now starting. Rather than people trying to steal it, people are gonna want to get in on it. It has the potential here to be a genuine movement, so transformative that the inside-the-Beltway people, even while studying it and looking straight at it, still stand a chance of being blindsided by it.Limbaugh also made the larger point that much of the hand-wringing in the GOP over Trump s immigration platform is curious given that uncontrolled immigration has put one of the largest states in America firmly outside the reach of the GOP, and if it is not curtailed, more states like Virginia will follow:If you want to find the future of the Republican Party and the country, look at California. There isn t a single Republican in statewide office. There never will be in the future. It s not gonna happen. The Republican Party practically doesn t exist statewide. The economy in California, you talk about inequality, the haves and have-nots, it s no more pronounced anywhere in the country than in California.You don t have to go back that far where the Republican Party owned it. Routinely elected governors, those governors became presidential candidates. And I ll tell you when you can tie it to. You can tie the end of the Republican Party in California to 1986, and that was the Simpson-Mazzoli amnesty immigration bill. We re talking back then 3.9 million illegal aliens granted amnesty. Since then it s been curtains for the Republican Party, which means constant victory for the Democrat Party. They have shaped that state, and it s a mess. And it s a harbinger of where we re going nationwide. Via: Breitbart",0
15310,THROWBACK: HOW SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Used Other People’s Money To Pay Family Members Over $150K,"Socialism sounds great until you realize the money government takes from you goes to whomever they choose (like family members) Bernie Sanders constantly says that he wants big money out of politics, it s one of the central pillars of his presidential campaign.While it hasn t been reported by any major media outlets during this election cycle, the fact is that Sanders has used campaign funds to enrich members of his family in the past.This report appeared in the Vermont Guardian in 2005:Nepotism crosses party linesWASHINGTON  The news that House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-TX, paid his wife and daughter $473,801 as campaign staff members was just the beginning. At least 38 other members of Congress, including Vermont Rep. Bernie Sanders, have paid spouses, children, or other relatives out of campaign funds, or have hired companies in which a family member had a financial interest, according to news reports.Since 2000, Sanders has used campaign donations to pay his wife and stepdaughter more than $150,000, according to records filed with the Federal Election Commission.His wife Jane O Meara Sanders received $91,020 for  consultation  and to negotiate the purchase of television and radio ads. Approximately $61,000 of that was  pass through  money used to pay for the ads, O Meara Sanders told the Bennington Banner. She kept about $30,000 as pay for her services.Her daughter Carina Driscoll, Sanders  stepdaughter, earned $65,002 from the Sanders campaign between 2000 and 2004, records show.A similar report appeared in the Times Argus of Vermont:Sanders campaign paid family membersMONTPELIER   Rep. Bernard Sanders  wife Jane was paid about $30,000 from 2002 to 2004 for work on his campaigns, while his stepdaughter Carina Driscoll got about $65,000 over a five-year period ending last year, a Sanders aide said Wednesday.The issue resurfaced in 2006 and was covered by Roll Call:GOP Hits Sanders on Wife s BusinessSanders, who is seeking the Senate seat being vacated by Sen. Jim Jeffords (I-Vt.), is fighting back, saying that his likely Republican opponent, millionaire businessman Richard Tarrant, is lying.The Tarrant campaign has resurrected news stories revealing that Sanders  wife, Jane O Meara Sanders   a former professional media buyer   was paid $30,000 for working on Sanders  2002 and 2004 House campaigns and his step-daughter, Carina Driscoll, had been paid about $65,000 over a five-year period.What Sanders did is technically not illegal, but it s astonishing that someone campaigning on the removal of big money in politics used campaign funds to pay large sums of money to members of his own family. Via: Progressives Today ",0
15311,RAW VIDEO: HILLARY AND BILL CLINTON DANCIN’ AND GETTIN’ DOWN AT A HAMPTONS PARTY,Hillary has to be the absolute worst dancer ever what s with the hands in the air like ya just don t care? Too funny! ,0
15312,(VIDEO) CAIR LAWSUIT FIGHTS “IGNORANCE”: WOMEN TOLD TO TAKE OFF HIJAB OR TAKE A HIKE,"CAIR continues to nudge, nudge, nudge the American people towards what they deem to be  modern time . They ve filed a lawsuit against Advance America for making muslim women remove their hijab. This is their security policy but CAIR makes outrageous and ironic claims about an American companies  policy. You ll love what the Council of American Islamic Relations said about the security policy in place at Advance America:  This is really about ignorance it s really about fossilized policies and people being stubborn and not coming up to the modern time. Do you see the irony in the CAIR claim of  not coming up to the modern times? Pot calling the kettle black much?Take off your hijab or take a hike   that s the message one local woman says she got from an Advance America Cash Advance store.Remove hats, sunglasses and though the sign doesn t say it, no hijabs are allowed there either. The lady she told them just take it off a little bit and put it back,  said Fatah Kamal, describing the exchange his wife Nadia had with a clerk.  She said I can t,  I m in a public place I cannot do that.' Kamal said the incident happened on Wayne Road in Westland Wednesday.She was denied service because she refused to remove her hijab for both religious and cultural reasons. They should show not their hair or like their beauty to someone beside their very close family,  Kamal said.FOX 2 tried talking with the manager at the Westland Advance America location. If you want. any questions have to be directed to our public affairs department,  he said.Kamal says he spoke with an employee over the phone who said the hijabs raise safety concerns. If it was about safety, a woman couldn t just walk into any old bank in these United States of America wearing a headscarf and get served,  said Dawud Walid.Walid, from the Council of American Islamic Relations, says women can go to banks, get their driver s licenses, even their passports while wearing headscarves.CAIR is part of lawsuit against Advance America for denying service to Muslim Arab-American women. Nadia is not the first. This is really about ignorance it s really about fossilized policies and people being stubborn and not coming up to the modern time,  Walid said.  Advance America respects all religious beliefs and serves all customers with dignity and respect. For the safety of our customers and employees, we do have a security policy in place that requires anyone seeking entry in to our centers briefly remove any hoods, hats, sunglasses or other head coverings. It is an important security measure designed to ensure that anyone entering our centers can be easily identified. That policy was being enforced in this particular case. The safety and security of our customers and employees are our primary responsibilities and we take them seriously. As for Fatah Kamal and his wife Nadia they say they won t go to Advance America again.Via: fox2detroit",0
15313,[VIDEO] IOWA STATE FAIR TELLS TRUMP NO LUXURY HELICOPTER RIDES FOR KIDS…Guess Who Found A Way To Give Rides To Kids Anyway?,"Trump not only found a way around the Iowa State Fair restrictions and followed through on his plan to give kids helicopter rides in his luxury helicopter, he also found a way to shut down every gotcha question by the  media The GOP frontrunner, who was told last month he could not set up his $7million Sikorsky S-76 helicopter at the Iowa State Fair, hired a nearby parking lot instead. From there he gave free rides to youngsters at his own risk and expense   as he had planned to at this weekend s fair.The luxury helicopter   on which kids were able to see what cornfields look like from 5,000 feet in the sky   was at Des Moines airport on Saturday morning, preparing for its departure to the event.The 52-foot executive chopper   which seats 12 people comfortably including the pilot   reportedly flew at an altitude of 2,400 feet and took three refueling stops as it headed from New York to Des Moines airport. Via: UK Daily Mail I love children. I love Iowa,  The Donald declared upon his arrival at the election-season rite of passage, where presidential hopefuls vie for photo ops eating corn dogs and fried Snickers bars. But Trump s helicopter free-ride stunt got the most attention Saturday. Who s going first? Where are your parents?  Trump asked a crowd of about 20 kids, many wearing  Trump  T-shirts, before they piled aboard his $7 million chopper.For safety reasons, Trump was barred from offering the rides in the fairgrounds, so he rented a nearby parking lot.Here s Trump at the event:https://youtu.be/olmBwZbDhrwChildren went up in groups of five for five-minute jaunts. The GOP presidential candidate accompanied them on some of the flights. Via: NY Post",0
15314,(VIDEO) DEMOCRATS FRUSTRATED BY CLINTON JOKING ABOUT E-MAIL SCANDAL: Not a ‘joking matter’.,The liberal pundits are pretty frustrated by the Clinton campaign and it shows: ,0
15315,BREAKING: SENATE’S KEY IMMIGRATION EXPERT GIVES ENDORSEMENT OF TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION PLAN,"Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions has been the lone fighter in the battle against the invasion at our southern border. This is why the endorsement of Trump s immigration policy is a big deal. Sessions is a good man of high character who wouldn t endorse the Trump plan if he didn t feel it was worthy. This is great news!The Senate s leading proponent of enforcing and toughening immigration laws said late Sunday that Donald Trump s immigration outline, his first major position white paper, is  exactly the plan America needs. In a strong endorsement of Trump s bid to close the border to illegal immigration, the Alabama senator that regular native Americans and especially minorities would benefit by being put first in line for jobs. This plan puts the needs of working Americans foremost, and develops an effective strategy for improving their wages and job prospects. Crucially, this plan includes an emphasis on lifting struggling minority communities, including our immigrant communities, out of poverty   by preventing corporations from bringing in new workers from overseas to replace them and drive down wages,  said Sessions in a statement.",0
15316,BUSTED? IT’S “HIGHLY LIKELY” THERE’S A BACK-UP TO HILLARY’S SERVER AND E-MAILS STILL EXIST,"Why didn t the IT firm come forward before now with the backup of Hillary s server? She s even more busted if the e-mails still exist. It s believed that she won t take the fall for this but that Abedin or Mills will. This entire mess is yet another example of why Clinton is NOT and never will be a good choice to lead America. Platte River Networks, the Denver-based cybersecurity firm Hillary Clinton hired in 2013 to maintain her old email server, says it is  highly likely  a full backup of the device was made and that the thousands of emails Clinton deleted may still exist, ABC News is reporting.On Wednesday, Platte River gave the FBI the server Clinton used as secretary of state. The Democratic presidential candidate had stated numerous times prior to that that she would not relinquish control of the server to a third party.But the FBI became interested in the hardware after the revelation that the Intelligent Community inspector general had determined that two emails that traversed the server contained  top secret  information. While Clinton is not believed to have sent the emails in question, the finding undermines her claims at the onset of the email scandal in March that no classified information ever landed on her server. Via: Daily Caller",0
15317,WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED TO THE 2006 SECURE BORDER FENCE ACT?,"Remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? Yes, it was the plan but the $1.2 billion dollar plan was never executed as proposed. You can thank Obama and a popular Republican for that WE RECENTLY POSTED THIS VIDEO OF AN IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL SAYING BUILDING A BORDER FENCE  ISN T POSSIBLE  EVEN THOUGH $1.2 BILLION WAS GIVEN IN 2006 FOR A FENCE:  In his speech in El Paso on immigration reform on May 10, 2011, Obama declared that the fence along the border with Mexico is  now basically complete.  Like much of what comes out of the Obama administration, that was a lie. What was supposed to be built was a double layered fence with barbed-wire on top, and room for a security vehicle to patrol between the layers. Except for 36 of the seven-hundred mile fence, what was built looks like the picture above or the one below.OBAMA CLAIMED: We have gone above and beyond what was requested by the very Republicans who said they supported broader reform as long as we got serious about enforcement,  Obama said.  All the stuff they asked for, we ve done. But even though we ve answered these concerns, I ve got to say I suspect there are still going to be some who are trying to move the goal posts on us one more time. Maybe he s right the goal posts were moved, but to make the job easier.THE  SECURE FENCE ACT The Secure Fence Act was introduced on Sept. 13, 2006 by Rep Peter King (R-NY) and passed Congress on a bi-partisan basis. In the House of Representatives, the Fence Act passed 283 -138 on September 14, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Fence Act passed in the Senate 80 -19. The Secure Fence Act of 2006 s goal was to help secure America s borders to decrease illegal entry, drug trafficking, and security threats by building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers along the Mexico-United States border. Additionally, the law authorized more vehicle barriers, checkpoints, and lighting as well as authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to increase the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, and unmanned aerial vehicles to reinforce infrastructure at the border. So far less than 40 miles of a real fence have been built   most of it during the Bush Administration.Of the almost 700 miles of fencing, DHS reports there are currently 36.3 miles of double-layered fencing, as the bill required, the kind with enough gap that you can drive a vehicle between the layers. But the majority of the fencing erected has been made from vehicle barriers with single-layer pedestrian fencing, the kind of barriers that are designed to stop vehicles rather than people. The design specifications vary, depending on geography and climate characteristics, but according to the Customs and Border Patrol website, those include  post on rail  steel set in concrete; steel picket-style fence set in concrete; vehicle bollards similar to those found around federal buildings;  Normandy; vehicle fence consisting of steel beams; and concrete jersey walls with steel mesh.PROMINENT REPUBLICAN FROM TEXAS:The first blow against the promised fence was made by Kay Bailey Hutchison, Republican Senator from Texas, at the urging of DHS she proposed an amendment to give the Department discretion to decide what type of fence was appropriate in different areas. The law was amended to read,  Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Secretary of Homeland Security to install fencing, physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain operational control over the international border at such location.  Hutchison s amendment was included in a federal budget bill in late 2007 despite the fact that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., had a cow he argued the amendment effectively killed the border fence promised in the 2006 bill, he was right. Hutchison s intentions may have been honorable, but she didn t foresee Barack Obama being the next president.When Janet Napolitano became Obama s first DHS she took advantage of Ms. Hutchison s 2007 amendment, instead of building a fence which look something like the below, she built a fence that was mostly a combination of the two pictures above.When She was still Governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano said,  You show me a 50-foot wall, and I ll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. And she may be right The fence will never STOP all illegal crossings. The purpose of the fence is two-fold, slowing the intruders and making them visible to members of the border patrol. The rest of the work is done by human beings.Very little of the Israeli separation barrier erected to keep out terrorists is a wall, most of the 400 miles of the barrier which has received so much international scorn is a two layered fence like section of their barrier below. The fence has served its purpose, in 2002, the year before construction started, 457 Israelis were murdered; in 2009, 8 Israelis were killed.The reason it has been effective is not simply the fence itself but how the fence is guarded and patrolled. And that s what will make our fence along the Mexican border work.Here s the bottom line. Back in 2006 the people of the U.S. were promised a border fence. Since then thanks to Kay Bailey Hutchison and Barack Obama 95% of the fence wasn t built. The arguments against the fence are bogus especially if you look at Israel s history. It s time for America to demand that its leaders build the fence they promised. No one can honestly say it wont work, after all it hasn t been tried. Via: The Lid",0
15318,‘DEAD BROKE’ HILLARY’S HAMPTONS VACATION WITH THE RICH AND FAMOUS,"Hillary s been campaigning so hard that she needs a Hamptons vacation to hob nob and fundraise off of the Hamptons elite. Life is so hard when you re  dead broke . Hillary Clinton needs a vacation. The champion of everyday Americans will head to the Hamptons on August 21 for a two-week stay at an $18 million beachfront estate. The Clintons are reportedly shelling out $100,000 for the rental, which is a little less than 30-minutes worth of  work  on the speaking circuit. Everyday Americans, by comparison, spend an average of $1,145 per person on summer travel.The Clintons stayed at the same property in 2014, when Hillary was photographed walking relatively unassisted on the beach:Hollywood producer and Democratic megadonor Harvey Weinstein owns the mansion next door. Chelsea and her husband, failed hedge-fund manager Marc Mezvinsky, will be joining the Clintons along with young Charlotte, a prominent American grandchild that has made Hillary think long and hard about what kind of world she wants to leave behind.Hillary plans to think about the problems and concerns of people like you while attending fundraisers with the likes of fashion designer Tory Burch and Artie Rabin, co-owner of the Brooklyn Nets. Anthony Weiner s brother will cater one of the events. As one source told the New York Post:  Hillary doesn t want headlines saying,  Presidential hopeful kicking back in the Hamptons,  so she ll be busy while she s there.  In addition to fundraising, she will presumably be following the latest developments in the press regarding the email scandal of her own making. Most Americans, meanwhile, support further investigation into the matter.Hillary will also be keeping her eye out for any news as to whether Vice President Joe Biden, or even former Vice President Al Gore, will enter the race for the Democratic nomination. At this point, John Edwards may even be considering a run. Why the hell not? As Hillary s recent troubles show, she is exactly the same candidate who Democrats rejected in 2008, the only difference being that a $50,000-per-week vacation is much less of a strain on the family budget following her multi-million dollar speaking haul.Read more: WFB ",0
15319,Watch Judge Jeanine Offer The DEFINITIVE Criminal & Political Case Against Hillary Clinton,Great job! Nothing to add to this  ,0
15320,SENATORS UP IN ARMS OVER OBAMA ADMINISTRATION PLANS TO MOVE GITMO TO TWO DIFFERENT STATES,"Obama is hell bent on closing GITMO before he leaves office even if it s the wrong move. His legacy comes before what s right for all Americans and he s got a couple Senators really peeved. Obama s latest plan is to move GITMO to South Carolina and Kansas. You guessed it, the Senators from those two states are not having any of it! Remember when Obama tried this 7 years ago? It didn t go over well then but it seems desperation has kicked in and he s trying to dump the GITMO prisoners in states again. Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Pat Roberts of Kansas are up in arms about reports that the Pentagon is scouting sites in their home states to house terrorist prisoners currently detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. We have received reports of President Obama s attempt to shut down Guantanamo Bay, which once again reflects another egregious overstep by this administration,  Roberts said in a statement on Friday, referring to the law preventing transferring any of the inmates to a U.S. prison. Congress has consistently stopped Obama by law from moving a single detainee to the U.S.,  Roberts said in reaction to reports that Kansas s Fort Leavenworth is being considered as the terrorist suspects  new home. I shut down this administration s nominee for secretary of the Army in 2009 to prevent moving any detainees to Kansas and will do it again if necessary,  he said.  Not on my watch will any terrorist be placed in Kansas. Graham was equally emphatic upon learning that Defense Secretary Ash Carter is also considering Charleston for the new high-risk installation. If the detainees need to be moved, they must be moved to a maximum security location in a remote area far from heavily populated areas with vital infrastructure,  Graham told the Washington Post earlier this week.  Charleston does not meet that criteria. The Pentagon on Thursday confirmed to lawmakers that it is studying both Forth Leavenworth and the Consolidated Naval Brig in Charleston as potential sites.Via: WE ",0
15321,TWO SENATORS SAY NO TO MOVING MUSLIM TERRORISTS FROM GUANTANAMO BAY TO THEIR STATES,"Yeah because everyone wants these guys living in their hometown Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Pat Roberts of Kansas are up in arms about reports that the Pentagon is scouting sites in their home states to house terrorist prisoners currently detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. We have received reports of President Obama s attempt to shut down Guantanamo Bay, which once again reflects another egregious overstep by this administration,  Roberts said in a statement on Friday, referring to the law preventing transferring any of the inmates to a U.S. prison. Congress has consistently stopped Obama by law from moving a single detainee to the U.S.,  Roberts said in reaction to reports that Kansas s Fort Leavenworth is being considered as the terrorist suspects  new home. I shut down this administration s nominee for secretary of the Army in 2009 to prevent moving any detainees to Kansas and will do it again if necessary,  he said.  Not on my watch will any terrorist be placed in Kansas. Graham was equally emphatic upon learning that Defense Secretary Ash Carter is also considering Charleston for the new high-risk installation. If the detainees need to be moved, they must be moved to a maximum security location in a remote area far from heavily populated areas with vital infrastructure,  Graham told the Washington Post earlier this week.  Charleston does not meet that criteria. The Pentagon on Thursday confirmed to lawmakers that it is studying both Forth Leavenworth and the Consolidated Naval Brig in Charleston as potential sites. These visits will also help refine our baseline standard for what a facility should look like to inform potential selection of other locations to evaluate in the future,  the Defense Department notification read.Transferring the remaining 116 detainees to the U.S. is being considered as an option for closing Guantanamo Bay. Moving the prisoners to other countries requires congressional notification and unanimous sign off by the departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Justice and State, along with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.Earlier this week the Pentagon said it would present Congress with a plan to shutter Guantanamo Bay when they return to Washington after Labor Day. Via: Washington Examiner",0
15322,[VIDEO] ‘TRUMPS GIRLS’ HAMMER MSNBC AFTER BEING UNINVITED TO APPEAR ON SHOW: “How Is It They Can Invite Brian Lyin’ Williams Back On MSNBC But Don’t Want To Invite Us”,"There s something about these sassy ladies that makes you just makes you want to cheer for them The two ladies, Lynette  Diamond  Hardaway and Rochelle  Silk  Richardson, better known as the  Trump-for-Stump Girls,  have become a YouTube sensation with their hilarious rants.This weekend the duo was scheduled to go on MSNBC with Steve Kornacki but they were cancelled at the last second. The ladies said MSNBC wanted to know where they live, the names of their children and names of their employers. Then MSNBC cancelled their segment when they wouldn t disclose the information. This set them off.At the very last second, he uninvited us when we wouldn t provide the name of our employers, and deep personal information. Why he need that? So he could do a hit piece on us! So after dedicating 4 hours to be on his show, he cancelled us because we want to protect our privacy. They try to spread hate about Trump at MSNBC, and now they try to do it to us. But we don t play that game, we fight fire with fire!The two Trump supporters at WeBeSisters.com vented their frustration in a new video,  MSNBC Screws US Over Because We Stump for Trump. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15323,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDERS: ILLEGAL ALIEN DEPORTED 14 TIMES Arrested On Meth Charges,"He was just looking to the jobs most Americans won t do The transformation of America continues.An illegal immigrant who prosecutors said has been deported from the U.S. more than a dozen times was arraigned in Yellowstone County District Court Thursday on drug charges.Alejandro Gonzales Marquez, 37, denied Thursday the charge of felony criminal possession with intent to distribute.Deputy Chief County Attorney Juli Pierce said Marquez had already been deported 14 times when Montana Highway Patrol troopers arrested him on a Billings highway in July.Marquez does not speak or understand any English and had to be assisted in court by a translator.According to court records, Marquez was the passenger in a vehicle on Interstate 90 when an MHP trooper pulled the vehicle over for obstructed plates.The trooper reported smelling a strong odor of alcohol coming from the vehicle and asked the driver to perform a field sobriety test.In the vehicle, the trooper allegedly found more than one pound of methamphetamine along with a loaded 9 mm semi-automatic pistol.Both men were found to be in the country illegally and were arrested.Marquez is held at the Yellowstone County jail on a $10,000 bond.KRTV.com | Great Falls, MontanaThe co-defendant, Ignacio Figueroa Rodriguez, is charged with driving under the influence, possession of dangerous drugs and being an illegal alien, in addition to a felony charge of possession of drugs with intent to distribute.Via: KRTV",0
15324,"AS HILLARY CRASHES AND BURNS… The Dems Look To A Recycled Rich White Guy To Save Their “Diverse, Working Class” Party","Is the world s biggest global warming liar getting ready for a Bush vs Gore re-match?Democrats  more and more desperate to find anybody but Hillary Clinton to be their nominee   are now looking to Al Gore to save them.That s right. Al Gore.Should Gore toss his hat into the ring and Joe Biden jump in, that would put five old white men against one old white woman for the Democratic Nomination. Not a Hispanic or African-American in the bunch.It s a stark contrast to the GOP field, with a woman, African American, two Latinos and some younger than 60!Gore won the popular vote in 2000, as you may recall from the harping Democrats made for George W. Bush s entire term. According to BuzzFeed, they re  getting the old gang together. The senior Democrat and other sources cautioned not to overstate Gore s interest. He has not made any formal or informal moves toward running, or even met with his political advisers about a potential run.Gore   who s now probably a billionaire   has spent most of his post Vice-President career focusing on causes that cost American jobs  like opposing the Keystone XP pipeline.The senior Democrat and other sources cautioned not to overstate Gore s interest. He has not made any formal or informal moves toward running, or even met with his political advisers about a potential run.A member of Gore s inner circle asked to be quoted  pouring lukewarm water    not, note, cold water   on the chatter. This is people talking to people, some of whom may or may not have talked to him,  the Gore adviser said.Via: DownTrend",0
15325,"(VIDEO) HILLARY CLINTON JOKES ABOUT THE FBI INVESTIGATION INTO HER E-MAILS: “I LOVE IT, I LOVE IT!”",Nice that she s making fun of the ability to have messages just disappear not funny! ,0
15326,HOW OBAMA USED NWA (Niggaz Wit Attitudes) Famous For “F—k the Police” Rap To Promote His Dangerous Iran Deal On Twitter [VIDEO],"Has the Obama regime really sunk to a new low level? Is that even possible? What do hateful racist and anti-cop messages have to do with a dangerous deal with Iran?The White House is getting hammered for a tweet that was posted on Thursday using a popular hip hop theme for a meme promoting Obama s dangerous Iran deal. The meme is fashioned after a popular movie poster for the movie  Straight Outta Compton  about the World s Most Dangerous Group, N.W.A. who in the early 80 s used lyrics like  F ck the police. This isn t your dad s N.W.A: Dre is now 50 and a mogul, Cube is 46 and a Hollywood powerhouse. And yeah, the guys who sang  F  tha Police  and  One Less Bitch  have been married for decades. So what s left after you poked mainstream America out of its race slumber 30 years ago? The hot biopic  Straight Outta Compton :  All this shit really happened. It s crazy how we were getting criticized for this years ago,  says Dre of N.W.A s provocative songs about inner-city life.  And now, it s just like,  OK, we understand.  This movie will keep shining a light on the problem, especially because of all the situations that are happening in Ferguson and here in Los Angeles. It s definitely going to keep this situation in people s minds and make sure that everyone out there knows that this is a problem that keeps happening still today.   Hollywood ReporterHere s the official White House Twitter account for the deal   posted its own version:.@BuzzFeed And thanks to the #IranDeal, Iran will be   pic.twitter.com/zEHN1EpEX7  The Iran Deal (NARA) (@TheIranDeal) August 13, 2015Here is the trailer to the Straight Outta Compton movie:In 1991, N.W.A. was reveling in its self-described role as the World s Most Dangerous Group, condemned by politicians and law enforcement authorities alike. Straight Outta Compton had sold some 2 million copies, and its hotly anticipated second full album Efil4zaggin (read it backwards) brought the group fresh infamy when it was released in June of that year.The album s cover showed N.W.A.   now without Cube, who had left to start a solo career in 1989 after falling out with manager Jerry Heller   as ghosts rising from gunned-down corpses, and its content was no less violent or nihilistic. Songs about violence and sex were punctuated with skits that were just as extreme; the band used the N-word some 249 times. Having been roundly condemned as a menace to society, the group was doing its best to live up to the label. And it worked; the album was banned from some record chains in the U.S., and British authorities, under the authority of the Obscene Publications Act, seized 25,000 copies of the album upon its release. Critics weren t impressed. TIME s Jay Cocks branded the album  grotesque  in a July 1991 review, not for its threat to the moral order but for its relentless negativity and misogyny:The fact is, Efil4zaggin is an entire open season for negative stereotyping. That s the classic rap posture, black male division, of course: turning the comic-book white fantasy of the black male as a murderous sexual stud into a hyperbolic reality. Rappers like N.W.A. and Public Enemy want to scare the living hell out of white America   and sell it a whole mess of records   by making its worst racial nightmares come true.N.W.A. s runaway success was driven not by  street-seasoned bloods,  Cocks wrote. Instead, he continued, the group appealed to white, middle-class teenage boys thousands of miles from South Central L.A. who were looking for a way to rebel. Via: TIMEHERE IS THE VERY EXPLICIT VIDEO  F*ck The Police  by NWA who our White House has chosen to tie in to their pro-Iran deal message: ",0
15327,GREAT TRUMP VIDEO ON INSTAGRAM: “NOT ON MY WATCH!”,"You can say what you want to about Trump but this is a great little Instagram spot from him. It gets the point across quickly. Not under my watch-A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Aug 13, 2015 at 7:53am PDT",0
15328,N.C. EVENT TO CHANGE ITS NAME BECAUSE THE WORD ‘DIXIE’ IS RACIST AND ‘OFFENSIVE’?,"This is political correctness run amuck with the effort of a City Councilman to change the name of a fair that s been in existence since the 50 s! The Dixie Classic Fair is suddenly an offensive name just like the Confederate flag was all of a sudden offensive. What about Dixie Crystals Sugar or Dixie Cups? Is it that any word that brings a negative emotion out in someone is banned for fear they may be offended?  If everyone tried to ban a word that offended them then we d have no more words left or is it just the black community that can be offended by a word? Which is it?I LOVE THIS BILLBOARD FROM THE FAIR:WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.   Every year, thousands of people flock to the Dixie Classic Fair. Whether it is the rides, the food or the history, it continues to be an annual favorite.However, Winston-Salem Councilman James Taylor told FOX8 that some of the people he represents find the  Dixie Classic Fair  name to be  offensive. Taylor said that some people are  angry  with the name and believes the city should consider changing it. He added that   as a city that is progressive   and is continuing to move forward, they need a name that  everyone can appreciate. He says his goal is to find a name that doesn t divide the people, but instead one that unites them.Taylor wanted to stress that he wants  to talk to the people first,  and if they don t want to change it they won t change it, saying that he  will do what s best for all the people. So, we went out to the people ourselves to see how they feel. It s just a political thing. I don t think they named it that because of anything to do with race,  said Michael Banner, a Winston-Salem resident who said he frequents the fair.  Leave it alone. It [isn t] bothering me going over there, so I m all right with it. It doesn t make me any different because I m going whether they change the name or not,  said Marion Speis, also of Winston-Salem.  Different things for different strokes, [nobody is going to] go along with everything.   Some said that the idea of removing Confederate symbols has gone too far and made its way to the name of the fair. OK, take the flag, that s OK; put it in a museum or something,  said Marjorie Claycomb, of Winston-Salem.  But they re making too much of it. I just think it s just overkill from what s going on right now,  said Scott Osborne, who said he regularly attends the fair.  Dixie doesn t have anything to do with being offensive towards what anyone s belief is. We continued to look for people who may be offended by the name   but regardless of their gender, age or race   nobody had anything negative to say about the fair or its name. It s just a name. I don t find it offensive,  said Kevin Carter, who routinely brings his family to the fair.  If they didn t let certain people go in, but, everybody goes. I thought it was ridiculous. I mean, there s no reason to change the name of the Dixie Classic Fair,  said Dina Nelson, of Winston-Salem.  I mean, it s a Southern name, but there is nothing racist about it. I don t see anything wrong with that name. Not at all. Not one bit,  said Reginald Cunningham, of Winston-Salem.  It s not one of my main problems that I see needs to be solved right now. The Dixie Classic Fair name has been in existence since the 1950s. Last year, the city changed the name of the venue to the Winston-Salem Fairgrounds. Via: myfox8",0
15329,WOW! THIS LETTER FROM JULY 30TH PREDICTS OBAMA’S TOXIC SPILL INTO RIVER BY EPA TO SECURE SUPERFUND MONEY,"Obama s war against America on every possible front Last Wednesday, a small EPA-supervised work crew inspecting the Gold King mine accidentally knocked a hole in a waste pit, releasing at least three million gallons of acidic liquid laden with toxic heavy metals. (ABC)This letter to editor, posted below, and written by Dave Taylor, from Farmington, New Mexico, was published in The Silverton Standard and The Miner local newspaper, authored by a retired geologist, one week before EPA mine spill. The letter detailed verbatim, how EPA officials would foul up the Animas River on purpose in order to secure superfund money. If the Gold King mine was declared a superfund site it would essentially kill future development for the mining industry in the area. The Obama EPA is vehemently opposed to mining and development.The EPA pushed for nearly 25 years, to apply its Superfund program to the Gold King mine. If a leak occurred the EPA would then receive superfund status. That is exactly what happened.The EPA today admitted they misjudged the pressure in the gold mine before the spill   just as this editorial predicted.The letter was included in their print edition on July 30, 2015. The spill occurred one week later. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15330,WAS MEGYN KELLY HIDING THE REAL REASON BEHIND THE SUDDEN ANNOUNCEMENT OF HER EXTENDED VACATION? [VIDEO],"Your announcement to your remaining fan base seemed very flippant and perky tonight Megyn. I almost thought for a moment I was watching Katie Couric. Hey  wait, didn t Katie Couric attempt to destroy Sarah Palin just prior to the 2008 election? Hmmm Megyn Kelly has had an  interesting week  following the first Republican debate. She has been attacked by Donald Trump for asking him  unfair  questions, became the center of a media frenzy following Trump s repeated swipes at her, and has refused to apologize for doing her job.On Wednesday, Kelly told her viewers on The Kelly File that she needs some R&R.For the first time in six months, Kelly will be going on vacation for the next ten days in order to spend time with her family. Kelly said that for her,  the big challenge is trying to put down the Electronica and unplug it,  but that she will try nonetheless to kick back until the 24th. Kelly did not mention who will take over in her absence.Though the timing of her vacation has been met with intrigue due to Trump s recently-ended battle with network chairman Roger Ailes, a Fox representative confirmed to Mediaite that this vacation was planned long before the debates took place. Via: MediaiteYou can watch Kelly s announcement here:",0
15331,VERY FUNNY VIDEO: SARAH PALIN ADVISES TRUMP TO SELL ENERGY INSTEAD OF BODY PARTS,Just released hysterical video of  Sarah Palin  and Donald Trump having a phone conversation about his candidacy ,0
15332,OBAMA’S 17-DAY VACATION IN LAVISH DIGS: HOW MUCH WILL THIS COST THE TAXPAYERS?,"Obama s vacations have been over the top considering Bush went to Crawford Ranch for much of his time on vacation. THE LIST OF VACATIONS IS LONG The figures for the Martha s Vineyard vacations in the past have shown the cost for Air Force One alone to be multiple millions:Judicial Watch has been great at getting the numbers: The outbound flight to Martha s Vineyard for the Obama family August vacation cost taxpayers $890,323.20. The return flight to Washington was $273,945.60. The total price for flight expenditures alone came to $1,164,268.80.It has been reported that the Obamas have made a point of contributing to the cost of these taxpayer-funded trips, and have reportedly paid for the rental costs of the estate in the past. The kicker is that just for Air Force One incurred flight costs in 2013  it was a grand total of $7,396,531.20. DON T GET ME WRONG, EVERYONE NEEDS A VACATION IT S JUST THAT THIS PRESIDENT AND HIS WIFE ARE WAAAAY OVER THE TOPPresident Obama and his family are currently residing in a $22.5 million vacation home complete with six bedrooms, five bathrooms, and two half-bathrooms on the island of Martha s Vineyard, Massachusetts.The Huffington Post reported that the nearly 7000-square-foot Chilmark mansion, positioned on nine-and-a-half-acres, houses a sunken living room with double-height windowed walls that allow the first family a view of the heated infinity pool.It also features an oversized wood-burning fireplace, though temperatures on the island currently reach up to 80 degrees.Despite the estate s amenities, Obama has been spending plenty of time on the golf course. On Wednesday, the president played a game of golf with NBA stars Alonzo Mourning and Ray Allen.The group played through the course at the Farm Neck Golf Club in Martha s Vineyard. Days earlier, Obama was spotted on the same course playing a round with comedian Larry David and others.President Obama and his family departed the White House for the Massachusetts getaway on August 7, a day earlier than their scheduled departure date. Their 17-day vacation is more than four times the length of the average American vacation.Obama has spent each of his summer vacations while president on the island, with the exception of 2012 when he was running for reelection. Obama has planned no public events during his vacation.VIA: WFB",0
15333,HILLARY CLINTON HANDS OVER A BLANK SERVER TO THE FBI,"We should call her Slick Hillary after her husband s nickname of Slick Willy. These two grifters are just all smoke and mirrors with not one ounce of truth spoken from either of them. It s really shameful that this woman is such a crook and is the frontrunner for the Dem nomination! Pretty sick!Hillary Clinton s personal email server, now in possession of the Justice Department, contains no data from her time as secretary of state.The emails it once contained were shifted onto a different server in June 2013 after Clinton tapped a Denver company to manage the system, according to a report from the Washington Post.Platte River Networks assumed responsibility for the controversial email network after Clinton left her State Department post in 2013. The FBI visited Platte River s offices last week as part of its investigation into the arrangement.The technology firm transferred the server Clinton had used to host government communications from the basement of her Chappaqua, N.Y., home to a data center in New Jersey, where the FBI ultimately acquired the now-blank server late Wednesday afternoon.Via: Washington Examiner",0
15334,NOT NEWS: WHITE UNARMED TEEN KILLED BY SC POLICE OFFICER RULED HOMICIDE…Police Refuse To Name Officer,"Al Shartpon will be traveling never mind SMOKE AND MIRRORS:Now the Justice Department s Civil Rights Division, U.S. attorney s office and the FBI will open a case into his death. The announcement comes a day after lawyers for Zachary Hammond s family requested an inquiry due to what they called  the substantial violations of (the late teenager s) civil rights  and the need for a  transparent and independent investigation of the Seneca Police Department. This investigation will run parallel to the state s investigation,  the Department of Justice said in a statement. Because this is an ongoing matter, we are not able to comment further at this time. Here is the letter Barack Obama wrote following thug Michael Brown s death at the hands of white police officer, Darren Wilson: The death of Michael Brown is heartbreaking, and Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to his family and his community at this very difficult time. As Attorney General (Eric) Holder has indicated, the Department of Justice is investigating the situation along with local officials, and they will continue to direct resources to the case as needed. I know the events of the past few days have prompted strong passions, but as details unfold, I urge everyone in Ferguson, Missouri, and across the country, to remember this young man through reflection and understanding. We should comfort each other and talk with one another in a way that heals, not in a way that wounds. Along with our prayers, that s what Michael and his family, and our broader American community, deserve. As Attorney General (Eric) Holder has indicated, the Department of Justice is investigating the situation along with local officials, and they will continue to direct resources to the case as needed. I know the events of the past few days have prompted strong passions, but as details unfold, I urge everyone in Ferguson, Missouri, and across the country, to remember this young man through reflection and understanding. We should comfort each other and talk with one another in a way that heals, not in a way that wounds. Along with our prayers, that s what Michael and his family, and our broader American community, deserve. The family of Zachary Hammond are still waiting for their letter of condolence from our Race Baiter In Chief Seneca Police department have refused to name the officer involved in the shooting, despite similarities to other recent cases   including the deadly shooting of Samuel DuBose.Seneca Police chief John Covington, whose son has previously been arrested on drug charges, has stood by the account and insists the boy wasn t shot from behind.The shooting took place during a drug buy, set up by police, outside a Hardees restaurant.Officers found just 10 grams of marijuana on Morton and arrested her. The police report failed to mention the two gunshots that killed Hammond.Covington said the officer approached the car with his gun out, as is protocol with drug arrests.Paul Hammond, Zachary s father, told WSPA:  Zachary was a real person. He s my son. Somebody has to answer. What caused the officer to decide what he needed to do was take my 19-year-old son s life. It s a struggle right now, every day, just not knowing.  The family s attorney Eric Bland told The Washington Post:  The shots were so close in proximity to each other that it would be physically impossible unless the car was stopped and the officer came up very close to an open window. He also commented on the lack of outcry following his death, suggesting recent police-related shootings have received more press coverage. It s sad, but I think the reason is, unfortunately, the media and our government officials have treated the death of an unarmed white teenager differently than they would have if this were a death of an unarmed black teen.  The hypocrisy that has been shown toward this is really disconcerting. Covington s son Adam was arrested and charged with misconduct in office and theft of a controlled substance after stealing 30 hydrocodone pills from a woman named Peggy Smith at the Oconee County Detention Center. Via: Daily Mail",0
15335,[VIDEO] WHY THE RACE WAR IS NOT REALLY ABOUT RACE IT’S “ANARCHY IN ACTION”," The left believes they are winning this war. Radical organizations funded by George Soros and other radical leftists are paying protesters to join anarchists in the war against America. This is a must watch debate with two conservative men who are unafraid to take on one of the mouthpieces of the left and call them out on their agenda.Steve Malzberg from NewsMax TV and Nomiki Konst, the radical executive director of the Accountability Project, joined Jim Hoft of Gateway Pundit to discuss the Ferguson mobs and myths and Barack Obama s stellar record on race relations.Nomiki is a committed leftist and accused Donald Trump of being a racist. Steve Malzberg let her have it. We ended with a discussion on how Barack Obama destroyed race relations in this country. Enjoy.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15336,FED GOV FINES ILLINOIS COMPANY $1.8 MILLION FOR EXPOSING MEXICAN WORKERS TO DANGEROUS SUBSTANCE,"Why is no one asking the bigger question about why, in the first place we need to import workers from other countries who speak no english when only 44% of Americans are working full-time jobs as a percentage of the adult population, 18 years and older? It seems like the government is setting these foreign workers up for potential abuse by employers who clearly are looking for a way to circumvent traditional hiring practices. The top federal official for worker safety said Tuesday that an Illinois businessman s  outrageous behavior  of bringing in Mexican workers to remove asbestos without safety gear warrants fines of nearly $1.8 million.The U.S. Department of Labor s Occupational Safety and Health Administration levied the fines Monday. Investigators found Joseph Kehrer, Kehrer Brothers Construction and a Kehrer-affiliated company, D7 Roofing, exposed at least eight workers to asbestos in violation of federal health standards. This case stands out because of the outrageous behavior of Joseph Kehrer,  said Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health David Michaels. Workers were threatened with firing if they spoke to investigators, Michaels said. They spoke no English. He drove to them to jobs,  Michaels said.  He set up a housing camp for them. They were at his mercy. A phone message left for Kehrer seeking comment was not immediately returned.Kehrer had workers removing asbestos-containing materials during renovation of a former school in Okawville, about 45 miles southeast of St. Louis. Many of the workers came to the United States to work for Kehrer under a special visa program that allows companies to hire foreign workers temporarily, according to OSHA.Breathing asbestos fibers can increase the risk of cancer.It s unclear whether the workers will be able to find other work in the United States, Michaels said.  These workers will carry this increased cancer risk for the rest of their lives,  he said.Via: Latino FOX News",0
15337,(VIDEO) DONALD TRUMP’S MESSAGE TO THE BLACK LIVES MATTER BULLIES,This is why Trump is getting the great numbers and large crowds. He s being the anti-candidate and saying what s on his mind instead of scripted answers like the other candidates. It s real refreshing. He s commenting on what happened when the Black Lives Matter thugs ran Bernie Sanders off of a stage during a rally. Trump couldn t be more on target with his remarks. ,0
15338,SCRUBBED CLEAN? HILLARY CLINTON TO FINALLY TURN OVER SERVER TO FBI,"I appears that Hillary Clinton is really in a big mess with this e-mail scandal. She could have just turned the server over and dealt with this at the beginning but she s made this into a HUGE mess. Her trustworthiness is about as low as it gets as her opponent gains points in the polls. Shades of 2008 with Barack Obama? Hillary Clinton relented Tuesday to months of demands she relinquish the personal email server she used while secretary of state, directing the device be given to the Justice Department.The decision advances the investigation into the Democratic presidential front-runner s use of a private email account as the nation s top diplomat, and whether classified information was improperly sent via and stored on the home-brew email server she ran from her house in suburban New York City.Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said she has  pledged to cooperate with the government s security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them. It s not clear if the device will yield any information   Clinton s attorney said in March that no emails from the main personal address she used while secretary of state still  reside on the server or on back-up systems associated with the server. Clinton had to this point refused demands from Republican critics to turn over the server to a third party, with attorney David Kendall telling the House committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, that  there is no basis to support the proposed third-party review of the server. Republicans jumped on Tuesday s decision to change course, as well as the additional disclosure that two emails that traversed Clinton s personal system were subsequently given one of the government s highest classification ratings. All this means is that Hillary Clinton, in the face of FBI scrutiny, has decided she has run out of options,  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement.  She knows she did something wrong and has run out of ways to cover it up. Federal investigators have begun looking into the security of Clintons  email setup amid concerns from the inspector general for the intelligence community that classified information may have passed through the system.There is no evidence she used encryption to shield the emails or her personal server from foreign intelligence services or other potentially prying eyes. Kendall has said previously that Clinton is  actively cooperating  with the FBI inquiry.In March, Clinton said she exchanged about 60,000 emails in her four years in the Obama administration, about half of which were personal and were discarded. She turned over the other half to the State Department in last December.The department is reviewing those emails and has begun the process of releasing them to the public. As she has said, it is her hope that State and the other agencies involved in the review process will sort out as quickly as possible which emails are appropriate to release to the public, and that the release will be as timely and transparent as possible,  Merrill said Tuesday.Also Tuesday, Kendall gave to the Justice Department three thumb drives containing copies of work-related emails sent to and from her personal email addresses via her private server.Via: Yahoo",0
15339,"(Video) Clinton: As president, I would ‘model the kind of behavior’ I’d hope all Americans would have",Like breaking federal laws and treating Secret Service agents like her minions? ,0
15340,[VIDEO] SHERIFF CLARKE EXPOSES THE LEFT: “This (Ferguson protests) Is Nothing More Than An Attempt To Try To Energize and Mobilize The Black Vote Through The 2016 Election”," A bunch of thugs, a bunch of creeps, criminals, race hustlers  with a scattering of law abiding people converged in this area and ripped the town up again. I would ve like to think this phony (#BlackLivesMatter) Movement Would ve Come Back To Apologize To The Good Law-Abiding People Of Ferguson, MO, but instead, we get this whole phony movement. In the first round there was an over-reliance by the police on avoiding confrontation. Look, the police are not looking for confrontation, but if someone s gonna bring the fight, then they have to respond quickly. If there s looting, if there s gun fire like last night, if there s rioting, if there s other sort of criminal behavior, law enforcement needs to use the resources they have.  Respond quickly and crush it. And give the impression to these individuals  that this stuff is not gonna stand. They re (the left) gonna keep this thing going and it s an unfortunate thing. Because look, this isn t Selma, Alabama this isn t Montgomery, it isn t the civl rights movement. Mike Brown was engaged in felonious conduct.This is a slap in the face to people like Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, Jr. They oughta go back and study Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I don t remember gun fire and rioting breaking out at a protest that he held. ",0
15341,"HILLARY: “Trump Is Offensive To Women, But So Are Rubio And The Rest”","Really Hillary? Why don t you tell us about men who are  offensive to women Donald Trump s remarks about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly are offensive, but the rest of the Republican field is equally offensive, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton said Monday. What Donald Trump said about Megyn Kelly is outrageous, but what the rest of the Republicans are saying about all women is also outrageous,  Clinton said.  They brag about slashing health-care funding, they say they would force women who have been raped to carry their rapist s child,  and fail to put forward proposals that would help women earn equal pay. I think the guy went way overboard. Offensive, outrageous, pick your adjective,  Clinton told reporters following a campaign event here focused on making college more affordable.*(*She really meant forcing taxpayers to foot the bill for free college for every American and illegal alien as a means for her to get the youth vote)Via: Washington PostAnd then there s that whole underage sex scandal where Bill was named as being an active participant with pedophile pal and donor, Jeffrey Epstein by former teen  sex slave. No war on women here ",0
15342,Liberals Push to Paint White House BROWN Because it “Symbolizes White Supremacy by Being White”,Mark Dice rolls out another gem that displays just how gullible the voters are. Here ya go: ,0
15343,HILLARY CLINTON CRASHING IN POLLS: Moves To Obama Strategy…Using Taxpayer Money To Give Away Free Sh*T,"So, the working people of America are basically supposed to sit back and watch Bernie Sanders and Hillary compete to see who can pander to get more votes by promising Americans and illegal aliens more free sh*t with our hard earned money? Like healthcare, education is a sclerotic, overexpensive, underperforming industry. Both have strong parallels: they re dominated by government subsidies and controls, though not entirely socialized; they re perhaps the only growth industries in our moribund economy; and they dominate the thought life of the nation. As Arnold Kling and Nick Schulz pointed out in 2011:These are our foremost growth sectors   the ones most central to employment and consumption; the ones that, increasingly, drive our economy. And it is in precisely these two sectors that the case for extensive government intervention and planning, if not outright control, is dominant   and becoming ever more so.If there is to be any hope of reversing this trend, champions of market economics must come to see these two sectors as the front lines in the battle for capitalism. At stake is not only an ideological or theoretical point, but also American prosperity. The historical record makes this clear: In the nations where it was practiced, government control of the old commanding heights of the economy made those industries less efficient and less innovative   bringing overall economic performance down with them.Today, Hillary Clinton is touting her plan for Obamacare-izing higher education. Competing Democratic presidential candidates Martin O Malley and Bernie Sanders have already proposed essentially socializing college straight up. Clinton s proposal, like Obamacare, is also collectivist and unjustified wealth redistribution, but with a more complicated, less direct, crony capitalist flavor. In other words, it s not direct socialism, but it might as well be.By mucking around this way, Clinton gains the benefit of deception: She can argue that  both the left and the right  (by  right,  she of course means the craziest of Republicans, not actual conservatives) have proposed elements of her plan. So she gets to smear her Frankenstein with pretty  bipartisan  makeup. And the average voter won t care, because the average voter doesn t give jack about enslaving his children (or other people s children) to the unseen but growing monstrosity of federal debt, as long as he gets feel-goodies now, regardless of whether they actually benefit anyone. But it s still a Frankenstein.What Does Hillary Clinton Propose, Exactly? Before we get into the mud-slinging, let s do what most journalists do not and give some actual hard facts about Clinton s proposal. (Do any of you also scan news articles looking for actual facts instead of paid spokespeople s lying spin? It s hard to find those, isn t it?) The full proposal doesn t seem available (probably so they can tweak its details in response to initial criticism); reporters have gotten  three fact sheets,  MSNBC says. Inside Higher Ed kindly posted them. A news summary of the major points: Under the plan, which was outlined by Clinton advisers on Sunday, about $175 billion in grants would go to states that guarantee students would not have to take out loans to cover tuition at four-year public colleges and universities. In return for the money, states would have to end budget cuts to increase spending over time on higher education, while also working to slow the growth of tuition, thought the plan does not require states to cap it.  (NYT) military veterans, lower-income students and those who complete a national service program, like AmeriCorps, would go to school for free in the Clinton plan  (AP). She would also expand income-based repayment programs, allowing every student borrower to enroll in a plan that would cap their payments at 10 percent of their income with remaining debt forgiven after 20 years.  (AP) Student borrowers would be expected to work at least 10 hours a week to contribute, while their families would continue contributing under the current income-based model. Clinton s plan would also expand a tax credit from $1,000 to $2,500 for families paying for college.  (MSNBC) Her campaign says she will create a dedicated fund for Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and will expand AmeriCorps from 75,000 to 250,000 members.  (MSNBC) Mrs. Clinton would pay for the [supposedly $350 billion] plan by capping the value of itemized deductions that wealthy families can take on their tax returns.  (NYT)So more income redistribution and more federal micromanagement because, clearly, central planners know better how to manage college costs than colleges and families. Topped off, of course, by (what else?) playing self-appointed Robin Hood against people who earn lots less money than she does. Envy and greed are our society s favorite sins, after all.Federal Meddling Is the Problem, Not the AnswerThe most expensive portion of Clinton s proposal involves bullying states into following federal marching orders in order for them to receive cash the feds scooped from taxpayers.For entire story: The Federalist",0
15344,FLASHBACK: SOMALI CAB DRIVER Threatens To Kill Man “Because You’re White”…History Of Repeatedly Threatening To Decapitate Police Officers,"Just so we have this straight a Somali cab driver had already repeatedly threatened to decapitate police officers earlier in the year, yet he may still be driving a cab? We re gonna go out on a limb here and speculate that this Somali cab driver is a muslim and further speculate that he may even be a racist A St. Louis cab driver faces hate crime charges after attacking a man and saying he was going to kill him  because you re white.  Mahad Abdinoor Abdi, from Somalia, threatened to decapitate police officers earlier this year.A renegade cab driver now faces hate crime charges after reportedly attacking a man for being white. Mahad Abdinoor Abdi is the same suspect we exposed in a FOX 2 report after witnesses said he threatened to decapitate police officers.  These are extremely rare charges because prosecutors say hate crimes can be very hard to prove. In this case, according to this probable cause statement, the victim reports that Abdi attacked him Wednesday only because the victim was white.The cab commission revoked his license after Abdi reportedly threatened to chop the heads off police officers. He is already facing assault charges for threats. Abdi now faces two hate crime charges   property damage and assault motivated by discrimination.Court documents say the victim did not know Abdi. He was sitting on the tailgate of his truck when Abdi put him in a headlock and said.  He wanted to kill the victim because (he) was white. In July, we followed Abdi for 45 minutes, in his unauthorized cab, and tipped off cab commission investigators we were following him. Based on our tip, they stopped him and stripped his cab plates.Abdi drove off that day, without plates, but with the unauthorized Wilson taxi logos remaining. It s unknown if he`s still driving that vehicle today. Via: Gateway PunditHere s a video of muslim nation immigrant advocate and Democrat Presidential candidate Joe Biden talking about his  great relations  with Somali immigrant cab drivers: ",0
15345,Trump Is Talking To FOX News About Appearing On Unnamed Show Tonight,"We re thinking Trump shouldn t give the ratings to Megyn Kelly. Here is our suggestion in a tweet to Donald:@realDonaldTrump If you agree to interview w/ @megynkelly give HUGE ratings to someone you don't offend like @seanhannity or @oreillyfactor  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) August 10, 2015Donald Trump and the Fox News Channel are in talks about Trump possibly appearing on Fox on Monday night, according to a source with knowledge of the talks.Trump has been lambasting Fox for days, ever since he was challenged in last week s GOP debate.It is  highly unlikely  Trump would appear at 9 p.m. with host Megyn Kelly, the source said, and that s probably an understatement. Trump has repeatedly and personally insulted Kelly in recent days. It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, & I get zip!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2015But talks are underway about a Trump interview with another prime time host, like Sean Hannity, the source said, adding that nothing had been confirmed as of Monday morning.In the meantime, Fox has dramatically ratcheted down its coverage of Trump. It hasn t covered Trump s criticisms of Kelly and the two other debate moderators, Chris Wallace and Bret Baier.Via: Free Republic",0
15346,"BUSTED! DEM TX REP PLAYS RACE CARD, LIES ABOUT TREATMENT BY COP…Uncovered Dash Cam Shows Truth [VIDEO]","The race card thing is getting old fast The Austin County Sheriff s Office released the dash camera video of a July 14 traffic stop of State Representative Garnet Coleman Tuesday to refute claims Coleman made last week about being disrespected and treated  like a child. Coleman, as the chair of the Committee on County Affairs, held a hearing last Thursday in Austin as the first public inquiry into the arrest and death of Sandra Bland in Waller County. In that hearing, Coleman recounted his own history of being pulled over in traffic stops and gave this account of an I-10 traffic stop that happened just two weeks ago. He talked to me like I was a child,  he said of the sheriff s deputy who pulled him over for speeding.  He was so rude and nasty. Even when he found out I was a legislator, he became more rude and nasty. And I didn t understand why this guy was continuing to go on and on and treat me like a child. And basically like I m saying is treat me like a boy. I want to be very clear about that,  Coleman said in the committee hearing.  Via: Breaking 911KHOU    The Texas Municipal Police Association, the Harris County Deputies Organization, the Houston Police Officers  Union and the Dallas Police Union all issued demands for Coleman to apologize for his  fabrication  of the events in the traffic stop. Sheriff Brandes asked Coleman to apologize for his remarks about the sheriff s deputy. Instead, Coleman seemed to double down on the race card  boy  word. They may not have [thought it was rude],  Coleman told KHOU.  But they weren t sitting in my seat. And, if you know the history of my people, you know that being treated like a child or a boy is not something that we accept very well. The Houston Police Officers Union (HPOU) issued a strong rebuke to Coleman.  Our organization has supported Representative Coleman during his tenure in the Texas Legislature, however, since Representative Coleman refuses to own up to the fact that his statements in committee regarding the stop were in fact not true and completely out of line, we have no choice but to discontinue our support of him. Via: Weasel Zippers Black Democratic Texas State Rep Claims  Mistreatment  By Police During Traffic Stop, Video Shows Anything But",0
15347,"UPDATE ON BEATING OF WHITE COP: BLACK MAN STEALS WHITE COP’S GUN, BEATS HIM WITH IT AND TAKES PHOTOS: Obama/Sharpton #FckDaPolice Crowd Cheer On Social Media","UPDATE: AND SO IT BEGINS A police officer holds back for fear of being seen as racist:A police officer in Birmingham, Ala., was beaten unconscious by a suspect during a traffic stop last week because the officer did not want to be pilloried in the media as a racist for using force against a black man.The detective, who is still in the hospital recovering from injuries to his head and neck, now reveals that he hesitated to use force against Cunningham because of the post-Ferguson war on cops.  A lot of officers are being too cautious because of what s going on in the media,  the officer told CNN.  I hesitated because I didn t want to be in the media like I am right now.  Heath Boackle, a sergeant with the Birmingham Police Department, seconds this assessment. Cops are  walking on eggshells because of how they re scrutinized in the media,  Boackle said last week. Via: NR#CopsLivesMatter and someone better start holding these common thugs accountable before it gets really ugly. These cops lives are not gimmicks to be used to promote Obama s race war. These are human beings with families who put on that uniform every day, and in many cases are risking their lives to protect the very people who are killing or attacking them simply for being a white cop. It s time for America to make some noise and start calling out our Community Organizer in Chief for what has to be the most destructive underground orchestration of hate and division by a  President  our nation has ever witnessed Alabama police are outraged after photos of a detective beaten bloody by a suspect who stole his gun during a traffic stop were shared by witnesses and praised on social media.The suspect, 34-year-old Janard Cunningham, is charged with attempted murder for allegedly assaulting the six-year veteran following a traffic stop at a shopping center in Roebuck around 11am Friday.The plainclothes detective, who has not been identified, was taken to the hospital for treatment after the assault but has since been released and is recovering at home. Cunningham is said to have fled the scene after beating the officer until he didn t move anymore. A second suspect was released without any chargesCunningham was taken into custody after the assault and is being held at Jefferson County Jail while police have released a second suspect who was apprehended without filing charges.During the traffic stop, the detective pulled over Cunningham s SUV and told him to stay in the car while he waited for backup to arrive.The suspect disobeyed that order, questioned why he had been stopped and then struck the officer in the head with his own weapon, AL.com reported.The beating reportedly continued until the officer was no longer moving, with Cunningham then fleeing the scene.While the detective was brought to the hospital, US Marshals and other officers tracked down the suspect and took him into custody.After the arrest, photos of the bloodied detective began popping up on social media, with some commenters applauding what happened.Other Alabama officers were angered by the outpouring of support for the suspect.Birmingham police Sgt Heath Boackle, president of the Fraternal Order of Police, said:  He was laying there lifeless and people were standing around taking pictures. If the tables were turned, and that was a suspect lying there, they would be rioting. Via: Daily Mail",0
15348,“BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS” FOR VOTING RIGHTS: The Truth About Shocking Number Of Murders By Illegal Aliens In US Hidden By Media And Dems [VIDEO],"It s time to stop hitting the snooze button America! This crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. The Democrats, corporations and the Chamber of Commerce want to give these criminals the same rights as you and me Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump deserves credit for forcing all 17 Republican candidates to talk about the social costs of illegal immigration, but it is not  Trump s issue.  We will be making a fatal mistake if we let the media discuss it that way.As Ann Coulter has pointed out, this is the most critical issue of the 2016 race because this is the issue that will define whether or not there will even be an American nation recognizable as the  home of the free and land of the brave. But illegal immigration is not  Ann Coulter s issue  any more than it is  Tom Tancredo s issue.  It is America s issue   not only because it will define America in the 21st Century but because it also defines American elections and who will be voting in elections in 2020 and beyond. It also illuminates the power of the mainstream media to keep issues off the national stage.Think of illegal immigration this way: If the liberal media can keep illegal alien crime out of the  kitchen table debate,  they can keep any issue out of the debate. And they will if they can get away with it. For those reasons, illegal immigration is much more than an issue of public policy; it is the poster child for media malpractice.The media s attempt to suppress public awareness over illegal alien crime and the effects of illegal immigration on American workers  jobs and wages is nothing less than censorship on a massive scale. We need to start talking about it in those terms and hold the media accountable for the lack of ethical standards.The mainstream media   including, sadly, major segments of the presumably conservative media, like the Wall Street Journal   are working overtime to keep the American public and the American voters in the dark on the scope of illegal alien crime. The murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco exposed only the tip of a massive iceberg, and the media establishment is desperate to avoid dealing with the iceberg underneath.Let s look at a few numbers. You haven t seen them in the New York Times, Atlanta Constitution, or the Miami Herald, nor have they been featured on NBC Nightly news or CNN. So, the average American is blissfully unaware of them.Between 2008 and 2014, 40% of all murder convictions in Florida were criminal aliens. In New York it was 34% and Arizona 17.8%. During those years, criminal aliens accounted for 38% of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York, while illegal aliens constitute only 5.6% of the total population in those states. That 38% represents 7,085 murders out of the total of 18,643. That 5.6% figure for the average illegal alien population in those five states comes from US Census estimates. We know the real number is double that official estimate. Yet, even if it is 11%, it is still shameful that the percentage of murders by criminal aliens is more than triple the illegal population in those states.Those astounding numbers were compiled by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) using official Department of Justice data on criminal aliens in the nation s correctional system. The numbers were the basis for a presentation at a recent New Hampshire conference sponsored by the highly respected Center for Security Policy. You can view the full presentation here:The federal Bureau of Prisons category  criminal aliens  includes legal immigrants who have been convicted of serious crimes, but over 90% of incarcerated criminal aliens are illegal aliens, so it is reasonable to use these numbers as a close approximation of the extent of illegal alien crime.Similar data is available at the state level if state officials have the desire to look for it. The Texas Department of Public Safety reports that between 2008 and 2014, 35% of the all murder convictions were illegal aliens averaging 472 murders each year from 2004 to 2008.Do you know the numbers for your state? Does your congressman, Senator, or Governor know those numbers? Of course not. If you are afraid of the answer, don t ask the question.There is widespread public ignorance of illegal alien crime in every state because the mainstream media does investigate such matters. Why? Because they do not want the public to think about such things. The media, from the Associated Press down to the Main Street News, does not even allow the phrase  illegal immigrant  to appear in print.So, the numbers are out there in the criminal justice system and correctional institutions, waiting to be compiled and published. State attorneys general and state legislators could access the data if they were interested, and so could the media, but they don t. In fact, in Colorado in 2006, the state legislature passed a law ordering the state Attorney General to compile accurate data on the costs of incarcerating illegal aliens and send a bill for reimbursement to the federal government. The state AG sent the feds a bill for only half the real costs   the cost of inmates in the state prison system and not the costs imposed on taxpayers by an equal number of inmates in county jails across the state.The US Department of Justice s Bureau of Justice Programs publishes an annual report on the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, a report that includes data on the number of criminal aliens incarcerated each state prison system and each county jail. It takes some prodigious digging to find the data, but it is there.But our mainstream media, our self-described guardians of the First Amendment, consciously avoids the effort and declines to put a public spotlight on the problem or demand public scrutiny and public accountability. Why?The answer is that public debate on the problem of illegal alien crime does not serve the progressive political agenda. The issue is swept under the rug and anyone who raises it is called a racist.This is media malpractice of historic proportions, and publishers and editors are the unindicted coconspirators in those 7,085 murders.",0
15349,"MEGYN KELLY OFFENDED BY TRUMP BUT OKAY WITH SEXIST INTERVIEW BY Shock Jock Howard Stern About Weight, Boobs and Sex [AUDIO]","Howard Stern: You seem to be pretty conservative. You kinda are.Megyn: I m conservative on some things and not on others and I love that people just make these assumptions about you because you work at FOX.Howard: Well no, I make it [assumption] because I hear the questions and the line of questions. Megyn: But that s my job.That s not all  Megyn seems to be very selective about who can and can t talk about a woman s weight and appearance. It sure sounds like she has no problem talking to Stern about her appearance and how important her good looks and physique are for her job. In fact, it appears as though Megyn actually finds his line of questioning quite amusing.She also spent a considerable amount of time talking about her sex life, her breasts and the size of her husband s penis. Nope nothing seems to offend Megyn in this interview:https://youtu.be/IML_UGhXz2Q",0
15350,THE SECRET BEHIND AMERICA’S LOVE AFFAIR WITH TRUMP [Video],"Every GOP Presidential candidate is racing to align themselves with Reagan. Is it possible they just don t really understand why America loved Reagan? Maybe it s just as simple as the fact that he genuinely loved America and was passionate about fixing what had been broken by the previous feckless administration. There are a few candidates in the GOP field who we believe truly love their country and have the same convictions and objectives as Trump. The question is, do any of them have the backbone to do what s needed to fix it? (By the way, we believe there are finally a few candidates in the GOP field besides Trump who do.) (Reuters photo credit)Beneath all the bluster of Trump, there is a very sincere idea that may explain why so many primary voters are flocking to him. And to understand it, we need to look back a few years to his amazing speech at CPAC in 2011:If I remember correctly, the typical conservative pitch one year before Obama s successful reelection campaign was: Obamacare is terrible, the economy is terrible, etc. Conservative principles will fix that. I enthusiastically retweeted a lot of that white noise.With Trump, however, he spent exactly one sentence on ObamaCare, and his economic critique instead fixated on the idea of our wounded national pride:The reason I m thinking about [running for office] is that the United States has become a whipping post for the rest of the world. The world is treating us without respect  America today is missing quality leadership, and foreign countries have quickly realized this. It s for this reason that The United States is becoming the laughingstock of the world  I deal with people from China, I deal with people from Mexico. They cannot believe what they re getting away with. I ve said on numerous occasions that countries like China, like India, South Korea, Mexico, and the OPEC nations view our leaders as weak and ineffective and have repeatedly taken advantage of them to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars a year.He focused his ire mostly on China for manipulating currency and OPEC for gouging prices at every opportunity (he did incorrectly predict $7-9 per gallon gasoline maybe he wasn t in the know on the fracking boom yet). The argument boiled down to two appeals: 1) Foreign countries are making out better than us, and 2) We look weak.In his signoff, Trump delivered a prototype of his current slogan:  if I run and if I win, this country will be respected again  Our country will be great again. That vow didn t come from some overblown promise to get possessed by Ronald Reagan s ghost. Trump simply stated he s had a lot of success in negotiations and business deals because he cares about and relentlessly fights to get the best outcome for his interests. Therefore, he would take that same relentless fight to get the best outcome for America s interests. That might mean screwing over China, Saudi Arabia, or Mexico home to plenty more poor citizens than ours but their leaders care nothing about poverty, and it s a screw-or-be-screwed world.Re-watching that speech, his message and pet issue haven t changed much in four years and I doubt many of us could honestly claim the same feat.As he s officially thrown his hat (and what a hat) into the ring, the Donald has expanded on that message. Not only is his approach the best to fix America s problems, he s saying, but none of his rivals can do it not because they re not competent enough (though, in time, he ll surely call them all dummy losers) but because they re not rich enough.In Thursday night s debate, Trump hammered on a theme of his budding campaign: big-money donations have strings attached take it from a guy who pulled them. I ll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said,  Be at my wedding,  and she came to my wedding,  he said.  You know why? She had no choice because I gave. And, of course, very few big donors pull strings for favors as benign as a wedding RSVP (see: Peter Schweizer s Clinton Cash). The big business types with enough disposable income to donate so much cash to politicians, like Trump himself, have operations around the world and they re not quite as concerned with America s pride as DJT.Indeed, as the Chamber of Commerce crowd has proven with support of a wage-depressing immigration law, they re concerned with growth above all else. And the fastest path to their businesses  growth does not include the step of  More Money for America s Workers.  There s a reason we don t allow foreign nationals to donate to U.S. political campaigns. Trump is sounding the alarm on U.S. citizens whose interests and income can be effectively the same.This issue has been made all the more salient from two major stories coinciding with the start of the Republican primary: Obamatrade and the Iran nuclear deal. Part of a President s job, in a world more connected than ever, is negotiation with other world powers on economic and defense agreements. Over the past 7 years and beyond (most notably, the push for immigration paydirt during Bush 43 s tenure), globalists fueled by left-wing ideology or corporate cronyism have been representing America, while nationalists have been representing our greatest rivals.Obama s failures in defense are seemingly endless Trump s reminder of the Bergdahl prisoner swap seems like an eternity ago, followed by so much more but warnings on donor influence resonate most deeply after the GOP s handling of Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) for the White House.Indeed, even Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) darling of the purest conservatives, inexplicably stood with the Republican establishment on TPA a massive globalist power grab until a last-minute blink, likely thanks to intense grassroots anger at his support. Over a month before Cruz s change of heart, Trump was riffing on a familiar theme:The trade deal is a disaster for many reasons. Number one, we don t have any good negotiators in our government. That s possibly the single greatest reason we don t have our best and our brightest negotiating for us. That s a real problem  What happens is all of these countries get the best of everything and we get the worst of everything.And one day before Cruz announced his opposition, Trump took to Twitter, saying,  Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS.  And he didn t forget his primary objection to the deal:  Protect the American worker and manufacturer! Through all of Trump s controversial life, I see plenty of reasons why reasonable people would balk at his run. I can see why conservatives want detailed policies from him and pledges of allegiance. But I don t see any reason to doubt his love for America.When he s talking about making America great again, I know he s not thinking some WASPy suburban paradise. He s thinking about Manhattan in the 1970s, where he first made a name for himself. He s talking about Weird America where  flash and excess  rule, where you can run for president after getting a WWE bio page.I like that America, where people file $500 million lawsuits over beauty pageants  Spanish-language broadcasts. I d like an America that makes 7  Fast & Furious  movies without making concessions to Ayatollah Khamenei. I d like an America that humiliates the likes of Vladimir Putin, not vice-versa. An America that punches back eight times as hard over a tiny offense. An America that everyone might laugh at but ultimately stop attacking because it can only end poorly for them.And if I trust that Trump likes America almost as much as he likes Donald Trump, then I trust that he will defend America s pride almost as much as does Donald Trump s. The rest of the GOP/Democrat field up to their necks in donors they ll need to mount a national campaign? Not so much.Via: Ezra Dulis  Breitbart News",0
15351,NOT SHOCKING: COP’S ATTORNEYS CLAIM BALTIMORE PROSECUTORS HID FREDDIE GRAY’S History Of Intentionally Hurting Himself For Insurance Money,"So you mean they didn t have to burn the city down?Attorneys for the six police officers charged in Freddie Gray s death say prosecutors steered investigators away from allegations about Gray s behavior in past interactions with law enforcement.The attorneys claim detectives were told Gray had a history of participating in  crash-for-cash  schemes in which people hurt themselves to collect settlements   a piece of information attorneys say would be useful for their case.Gray died on April 19, a week after suffering a critical spinal injury in the back of a police van while being arrested. Gray s death spurred days of largely peaceful protests followed by rioting and looting on April 27.Six officers were charged with crimes ranging from misdemeanor assault to  depraved-heart  murder in the case, where Gray was heard by bystanders screaming in pain as he was put into the van.He continued to scream during the trip in the van, during which he was put in additional restraints at one point, and was eventually given medical attention but slipped into a coma.In a motion filed Thursday in Baltimore Circuit Court, defense attorneys allege that investigators for the Baltimore Police Department had information that Gray had a history of intentionally injuring himself in order to collect insurance money.The attorneys allege in the filing that police investigators knew that Gray once injured himself so severely while in a Baltimore jail that he required medical attention.The attorneys say in documents that when police investigators tried to follow up on the evidence, Assistant State s Attorney Janice Bledsoe told them  not to do the defense attorneys  jobs for them. Bledsoe is prosecuting the officers, and also represented Gray in 2012 when he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession, according to the Baltimore Sun.Defense attorneys also say in the motion that high-ranking members of the state s attorney s office met with Dr Carole Allen of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner a week before Gray s autopsy was complete and his death ruled a homicide.In addition, attorneys say the prosecutors didn t provide the medical examiner s office with a copy of the statement of Donta Allen, a man who had been inside the police van where Gray suffered his injury.Investigators initially said Allen told them that Gray had been  banging himself, like he was banging his head against the metal   like he was trying to knock himself out or something .But Allen later told the media that police had exaggerated his account and said he heard  very little banging for like four seconds .  I know that man for a fact did not hurt himself . Rochelle Ritchie, spokeswoman for State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby, declined comment on the recent filing.The officers are scheduled to face trial in October, with a hearing on motions set for one month prior. All six have pleaded not guilty.Defense attorneys have asked a judge to move the trial out of Baltimore, arguing that pre-trial publicity will taint the integrity of the jury pool.Additionally, defense attorneys have asked for State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby and her office to be removed from the case, citing alleged conflicts of interest. The most recent filing is in support of that request. The statement to investigators `not do the defense attorneys  jobs for them  would seem to indicate some level of knowledge that exculpatory evidence exists which could benefit the officers charged in Mr. Gray s death and that the prosecutor did not want this information uncovered by investigators,  the attorneys wrote in the motion. Via: Daily Mail",0
15352,TARGET STORES TO REMOVE GENDER LABELS FROM KIDS DEPARTMENTS,"The LGBT Mafia and PC Police doing what they do best shaming Americans and businesses into conformity. Does anyone have the courage or fortitude to fight back, or are we just going to allow these PC thugs to strip our children of the genders God clearly assigned to each of us? Target Corp. is removing gender labels from most of its children s departments after customers complained about signs designating certain toys for girls.The kids  bedding section will no longer feature boy and girl signage, and the toy department will be without labels and pink or blue paper on the shelves, Minneapolis-based Target said on its website Friday. Gender labels will remain in the kids  clothing section because of sizing and fit differences.Retailers have been moving away from gender stereotypes, and some startups have emerged to break down the divide in kids  clothing and toys. The signage that sparked the dispute at Target was for building sets, like GoldieBlox, that are targeted at girls.  As guests have pointed out, in some departments like toys, home or entertainment, suggesting products by gender is unnecessary,  Target said.  We heard you, and we agree. Right now, our teams are working across the store to identify areas where we can phase out gender-based signage to help strike a better balance. In June, Ohio mom Abi Bechtel called out Target s gender designations in its toy aisle. She posted a photo to Twitter that showed store signs for  Girls  Building Sets  next to regular  Building Sets.  The outcry was swift, with angry shoppers calling for change. It stood out to me as a good example of the way our culture tends to view boys and men as the default, normal option and girls and women as the specialized option,  Bechtel told CNN at the time.Via: Bloomberg",0
15353,CHICAGO THUG PRESIDENT PERSONALLY LEAKED CHUCK SCHUMER’S OPPOSITION TO HIS DANGEROUS IRAN DEAL,"Schumer asked the President not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on Friday.If that s how Obama treats his closest friends who refuse to align with his reckless Iran deal, just think how he treats his enemies President Obama personally leaked news that Senator Chuck Schumer had decided to oppose his Iran deal, even after Schumer personally asked the President not to mention it until he could make an announcement Friday.During last night s widely-viewed GOP debate, word began to circulate that Sen. Schumer had decided to oppose President Obama s nuclear deal with Iran. The leak appeared timed to make sure the high-level Democratic defection Schumer is the 3rd highest ranking Democrat in Congress got as little attention as possible.A story at Politico confirms the leak was in fact timed for minimum impact, but not by Schumer himself. According to an unnamed source familiar with Schumer s decision, the Senator called President Obama Thursday afternoon to say he had decided to oppose the deal. Schumer asked the President not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on Friday. Politico s source was careful to emphasize that Schumer told no one else about his decision, meaning only President Obama himself could have made the decision to leak the story to the press.After word leaked out, Sen. Schumer issued a lengthy statement about his opposition to the deal on his website. The statement breaks his opposition into three parts. He writes that he finds the arguments for the deal over the first 10-years  plausible  but says the inspections regime has  serious weaknesses  and that the snap back of sanctions process is  cumbersome.  In addition, Schumer believes that after 10-years Iran will have a nuclear program approved by the United States. Finally, Schumer considers the non-nuclear parts of the deal and concludes,  When it comes to the non-nuclear aspects of the deal, I think there is a strong case that we are better off without an agreement than with one. Congress is expected to vote against the deal when they return from the August recess. However, that decision can be vetoed by the President. Congress needs a 2/3 vote to override that expected veto. That means the President needs just 34 Senators to take his side. So far he has at least twelve.But as a high ranking Democrat in line to become the next Senate leader of his party, Schumer s defection has the potential to weaken the resolve of other Democrats. Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY) announced his opposition to the deal last night, shortly after word of Schumer s decision broke. For this reason, the White House had urged Schumer to avoid announcing his decision until the very end of the process, or at least after enough Senators had declared themselves to make it a non-issue.The spin coming out of the White House now is that Schumer s defection is a clear signal that a win for their side is inevitable. The thinking goes that an insider like Schumer wouldn t really put Obama s foreign policy legacy at risk, therefore his planned Friday announcement must be a signal that the votes are there to prevent a veto override vote without him. As Politico frames it,  Bad news is being taken as almost good news at the White House. Contradicting this claim is the fact that the White House seemed to be expressing some anger at Schumer earlier in the day. White House spokesman Josh Earnest suggested Friday that Schumer s defection could become an obstacle to his becoming Democratic leader after Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) leaves the Senate. Other White House surrogates made similar noises.Via: Breitbart News",0
15354,SELLING OUT AMERICA TO TERRORIST STATES IS HARD WORK: Barry Heads To Martha’s Vineyard A Day Ahead Of Schedule," I know you ll miss me.  Did he really say that?President Barack Obama has returned to his favorite summer vacation spot of choice, the Massachusetts island of Martha s Vineyard, a day earlier than originally planned.It will likely be the family s last pit-stop at their luxurious rented seven-bedroom, nine-bathroom retreat since it went on the market in July for a cool $22.5million.And it seems the president was eager to savor every moment as he decided at the last minute to fly on Friday afternoon, rather than Saturday as originally planned.Obama beamed and laughed as he boarded Air Force One with Michelle   still wearing his work suit.When they disembarked, he emerged looking relaxed without a jacket or tie to greet the crowds.Obama has visited the island every year of his presidency, except during the 2012 re-election campaign.As he wrapped up his duties in the White House on Friday and anticipated his getaway he seemed jovial and excited.  I know you ll miss me,  he joked to reporters after signing a bill preserving wilderness land in Idaho.With no official appearances on the schedule, Obama, Michelle and their youngest daughter Sasha will spend the time away from Washington dabbling in their usual vacation activities: leisurely rounds of golf, beach outings, hikes and bike rides, and dinner at some of the island s top restaurants.The property in Chilmark, on the western part of the island, includes a dual basketball and tennis court.A cluster of top aides will also enjoy a 17-day stay on the island, known as a summer hangout for the wealthy, to update the president as developments warrant.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
15355,"SHERIFFS, LT. GOV AND IMMIGRATION EXPERTS FIGHT BACK AGAINST FED’S ATTEMPT TO MAKE TEXAS A SANCTUARY STATE","Hello America Are we awake yet?AUSTIN, Texas   Texas Sheriffs, the Lieutenant Governor, and experts in immigration related issues met at the State Capitol on Wednesday to discuss the federal government s creation of a sanctuary state for criminal aliens through its Priority Enforcement Program (PEP).Jackson County Sheriff Aj (Andy) Louderback, immediate past president of the Sheriff s Association of Texas, told Breitbart Texas that the federal government s PEP program  has created a sanctuary state for criminal aliens because it has gutted the immigration system. A press conference was held on the crisis facing Texas that was created by the new immigration policies of the federal government. The sheriffs complained that aliens are being brought into the criminal justice system in Texas but are being released into the community because of the federal policies.In the past, ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) could place a 48-hour hold on illegal immigrants when they were wanted on immigration related issues. The PEP program replaced the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s (DHS) Secure Communities plan and now that is no longer possible.The policy was released by Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in November, 2014. In January, the program went into effect and Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby exclusively reported leaked training documents detailing how the program would be implemented. Darby dubbed the program,  Catch and Release 2.0. Breitbart Texas has reported many examples of criminal illegal aliens who have been previously deported many times only to come back and commit even more serious crimes.In July, Breitbart California s Michelle Moons reported on the murder of Katheryn Steinle. She was killed by an illegal alien who was released by the San Francisco sheriff despite an ICE detainer in effect. Her killer had been deported several times.The same week as Steinle s murder, Darby reported on the murder in Laredo, Texas, of a woman who was killed by her criminal illegal alien husband. He had been deported four times. Despite numerous domestic violence calls to the Laredo Police Department, he was allowed to remain in Laredo until he finally killed her.There have been many other such reports in the past month about violent criminal illegal aliens who commit more heinous crimes after returning from being deported.The lieutenant governor, Texas sheriffs, and the director of policy studies for the Center for Immigration Studies spoke at the press conference in Austin, Texas. Their message   the federal government has placed the public in danger through its policies, and these policies have essentially tied the hands of Texas law enforcement.Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick (speaking) joined Sheriff Aj Louderback; Chambers County Sheriff Brian Hawthorne; Victoria County Sheriff Michael O Conner, and Jessica Vaughan, Director of Policy Studies for the Center for Immigration Studies. (Photo: Breitbart Texas/Lana Shadwick)Sheriff Louderback told Breitbart Texas,  This federal program (PEP) replaced a Congress-mandated program and replaced it with a program that now prioritizes criminal behavior and is excluding thousands of criminal aliens.  He says the program is forcing Texas sheriffs to sometimes release even violent offenders.Louderback said that criminal aliens know that law enforcement officials in Texas have their hands tied because of these new federal policies. They know they can come into the country illegally and stay here with impunity.He said illegal aliens cannot be held until after there is a final conviction. He said,  These criminals bond out and disappear into the country. These policies, say the immediate past sheriff s association president,  mean that local jurisdictions have to deal with the costs. Victoria County Sheriff Michael O Connor said criminal aliens are traversing over the border and coming in throughout the country. He said that the sheriffs intend to  connect, communicate, and collaborate with community stakeholders  to deal with the problem.Victoria County, Texas, is located about halfway between Houston and the Mexico/Texas border. He said his county is a  fatal tunnel between Harris County and the rest of the U.S. Sheriff Hawthorne told Breitbart Texas,  This is about a secure community program.  He said in 2008, law enforcement were able to do that. He said,  PEP is, and will be, a failure by this [federal] administration. Lt. Gov. Patrick promised that the senate would pass legislation to deal with the problems of sanctuary cities in the next legislative session. He said that he was confident that the senate now has the votes to deal with this issue. Sanctuary cities legislation was a contentious topic in the senate this past session.Via: Breitbart News",0
15356,[VIDEO] CHRIS MATTHEWS IS “ASTOUNDED” WHEN CARLY FIORINA SCHOOLS HIM ON WHY HILLARY IS A “LIAR”,"We re still wondering how Carly Fiorina was relegated to the  happy hour  debate while Gov. Kasich (and a few others we won t mention) were standing on the stage during the prime time debate Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina shut down MSNBC host Chris Matthews Thursday over her criticism of Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton during the first GOP debate.Matthews took issue with Fiorina calling Clinton a liar in her closing statement, but Fiorina shot back that Clinton lied about Benghazi, the Middle East, and her private email server. First, I was very specific about the subjects about which I think she has lied. I didn t say she lied about everything,  Fiorina said.  I was very specific, very fact-based, actually. You are the one who has made a generalized comment now about her, not me. Matthews tried to interrupt the only female Republican candidate, but Fiorina spoke over him and explained why she thought Clinton lied. She then made her case why Clinton should fear debating her. I will debate her on the issues facing this nation,  she said.  I will debate her on her positions. I will ask her, for example, how she can possibly continue to defend Planned Parenthood. I will ask her why she continues to say she is a champion of the middle class while every single proposal she has put forward makes crony capitalism worse and worse and worse [and] makes income inequality worse. I would ask her why she declared victory in Iraq in 2011, why she called Bashar al-Assad a positive reformer, why she thought she could stop Putin s ambition, a man I have met, with a gimmicky red reset button. I will ask her why she got every policy wrong as secretary of state. That s how I ll debate her, on the issues. After their exchange, Matthews had only one thing to say to Fiorina, who was praised by the Washington Post as the first debate s winner. I see why you stood out tonight,  he said.Via: WFB",0
15357,DID FOX NEWS’ MEGYN KELLY EXPOSE HERSELF AS JUST ANOTHER WHINY LIBERAL NEWS HOST?,"Thoughts on the first GOP Presidential Primary Debate by Patty of 100% FED Up!There are a lot of FOX News fans who have been clinging to FOX for their  fair and balanced  news like a beacon of light in a storm since 9-11. I know I found myself scratching my head over the behavior of Fox News hosts, Megyn Kelly and Bret Baier (I never expected Chris Wallace to be fair or balanced).I thought the most striking question of the night was directed at Scott Walker about his position on the defense of life. It s interesting that Megyn Kelly was so appalled by the Planned Parenthood video series on her show, yet gave the impression she was going to nail Walker with his defense of the unborn in cases of rape and incest. I watched her discuss this question with pundits following the debate and she actually acknowledged that Walker s response to her question could potentially sink his presidential aspirations. So tell us Megyn Are you in support of defending the unborn or just the unborn in case of a teen pregnancy? Where do you draw the line in your outrage? After watching her last night, I couldn t help but wonder if her outrage over the Planned Parenthood issue was genuine or simply staged for ratings. I also caught her smirking, as she attempted to hide her self satisfaction after one of the pundits suggested her comment about Donald Trump really hurt him with voters and specifically with Republicans.And finally I could barely contain my anger as Megyn played right into the hands of the Democrats and their false GOP  war on women  narrative. Did she actually believe she swayed woman voters with her  gotcha  remarks about Rosie O Donnell, who is the poster child for a progressive feminist social experiment gone bad? Is there another  celebrity  out there who is more open about her hate for America and for the values and ideals that have made us the greatest country on earth? As far as I m concerned, Donald Trump did America a favor when he shined the light on her belligerent, arrogant and intolerant attitude as a host of The View toward anyone who disagreed with her radical progressive views. Rosie asked for a fight, and the media gasped when Trump fought back! If America is looking for a candidate who is more concerned about how many people like him because he/she runs away at the first sign of controversy, then Trump, Cruz, Carson, Paul, Huckabee, Fiorina and Walker are likely not going to be on your list of top 3 candidates. (I didn t include Christie because I personally think he exposed himself as a fraud during Hurricane Sandy with his loving embrace of Obama when he needed it most.)Megyn was on a mission to make history last night. I don t think she really changed anything for Trump. Trump will wake up today and be as bombastic as he was before he set foot on his first presidential debate stage. He will call out anyone who dares to attempt to force him to adhere to their narrow view of what a GOP candidate should look like, and he will double down on Rosie or anyone else who tries to trash America. The only thing I believe Megyn did last night was show her adoring viewers that she really isn t the Megyn we all thought we knew.Can Megyn Kelly ever recover from her performance as a  fair and balanced  moderator at her first ever Presidential debate? After painting loudmouth, anti-American Rosie O Donell as a damsel in distress and Trump as an evil antagonist, will any sane conservative care what she has to say ever again?Here s the Rosie O Donnell video where she decides to mock Trump:Here s Trump s response to Rosie on the Letterman show:So after watching these videos, can someone explain why Megyn felt the need to defend Rosie from Donald Trump about a public argument between the two of them in 2006? ",0
15358,WHO WAS THE MOST “GOOGLED” CANDIDATE DURING THE GOP PRIMARY DEBATE?,"The Washington Post is of course, befuddled as to what all of this means, so let us break it down for them: FOX News moderators hardly gave Ted Cruz the opportunity to speak, so the viewers who liked what they saw in the brief moments given to Cruz had to do their own research on him (and any of the other non-Trump or non-RINO candidates). I think that about covers it It will be interesting to see what the TV ratings for Thursday night s presidential primary debate look like once they come out.The most Googled candidate in the debate at any point was Ted Cruz   with 67 percent more searches at his peak than the next most-searched candidate s peak.The search volume is all relative to each other; a  100,  the Cruz peak, is the most search in a minute for a candidate.On average, Trump held the most sustained search interest, surprise, surprise. Notice that Ben Carson maintained steady interest, too   followed by Cruz and Marco Rubio.The key point: We have no idea what this means. We don t know if the spike in Cruz searches will convert people to his cause, or the new attention to Carson will boost him in the polls. We don t know. But we do, at least, have some sense of who people wanted to know more about. We ll see if this reveals anything more significant down the road.What the Republican field not named Trump needed to do during the Fox News debate was get people to spread the attention around a bit. With the debate over, it looks like at least some of them did.In the first half hour, people Googled Ted Cruz. As the night progressed, Ben Carson and Marco Rubio started to attract some attention. Jeb Bush got people interested when the moderators mentioned his alleged comments about the businessman   perhaps because they wanted to look up what he said.All data in the graphs above comes from Google Trends.Via: Washington Post",0
15359,(VIDEO) IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: GOP FULL DEBATE,"The takeaway from the first debate is that the FOX news moderators tried to pose gotcha questions and should have asked more substantive questions about the issues facing America. It was disappointing to watch Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace attack certain candidates and play favorites to others (RINO s). If we didn t know better, we d almost believe FOX News had an agenda last night. Hmmm  What do you think? ",0
15360,(VIDEO) DR. BEN CARSON’S GREAT CLOSING STATEMENT BRINGS THE HOUSE DOWN IN GOP DEBATE," I m the only one to separate Siamese twins. The only one to operate on babies while they were still in their mother s womb. The only one to take out half of a brain, although you would think if you went to Washington that someone had beat me to it. But I m very hopeful that I m not the only one who will pick up the torch of freedom. Because freedom is not free!  ",0
15361,BEST COMMENT OF THE NIGHT IN FIRST GOP PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE GOES TO …,"A rookie Dr. Ben Carson: I haven t said anything about me being the only one to do anything. I m the only one to separate siamese twins. The only one to operate on a babies while still in a mother s womb. I m the only one to take out half a brain, although you would think if you go to Washington that someone had beat me to it. ",0
15362,(VIDEO) RAND PAUL AND CHRIS CHRISTIE GO AT IT OVER PRIVACY RIGHTS AND THE NSA,THIS WAS A VERY AWKWARD MOMENT BUT THE BEST PART IS WHEN RAND PAUL CALLS OUT CHRISTIE FOR HUGGING OBAMA: ,0
15363,TAKE OUR POLL AND TELL US WHO YOU THINK WON TONIGHT’S DEBATE, ,0
15364,(VIDEO) DONALD TRUMP BLOWS THE LID OFF OF THE GOP DEBATE WITH HIS ROSIE O’DONNELL COMMENT,Megyn Kelly asked a very odd question tonight during the GOP debate. I don t think she was expecting this answer. LOL! Trump is certainly making this debate VERY interesting. ,0
15365,DID BILL CLINTON ADVISE DONALD TRUMP TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT?,"Well, well, well the left is trying pretty much anything to discount the Trump candidacy. WaPo had a blurb earlier in the week that said Bill Clinton suggested Trump run for president. Nope, nada, did NOT happen! We can put this lie to bed Donald Trump s race for the White House has nothing to do with a phone call with Bill Clinton, according to a Hillary Clinton campaign spokeswoman. They exchanged pleasantries. Mr. Trump noted that he was thinking about running for president, and the president wished him well but didn t give him any advice,  Jen Palmieri, the communications director for Clinton s campaign, told Andrea Mitchell of MSNBC on Thursday.  Donald Trump doesn t strike me as somebody who takes a big step like this because somebody else wants him to do; he seems to be somebody who very much operates under the premise of free will. The Clinton campaign played no behind-the-scenes role in encouraging Trump s candidacy, Palmieri added.Earlier this week, The Washington Post reported Trump and former President Clinton spoke on the phone before the real estate mogul announced his 2016 bid.Sources in the story said that Bill Clinton urged Trump to play a larger role in the Republican Party. Trump has taken the lead in the GOP primary in several polls and is in the No. 1 spot entering the first prime-time debate Thursday.Via: Politico",0
15366,UNREAL! GRIFTER BILL CLINTON MAKES $16 MILLION FROM PEOPLE IN HIGH GOVERNMENT PLACES,"Newly released financial disclosures reveal Bill Clinton received $16.46 million in payments from a George Soros-backed for-profit education company, as Hillary Clinton s State Department funneled tens of millions of dollars to a group run by the company s chairman.With $4 billion in annual revenue, Laureate Education is America s largest for-profit college company. From 2010 until just days before the 2015 release of Clinton Cash, Bill Clinton served as Laureate s  honorary chancellor.  When the Clinton campaign team obtained a copy of the book and its Clinton-Laureate connection revelation, Bill Clinton abruptly resigned.Laureate s chairman and longtime Clinton crony, Douglas Becker, is also the chairman of a nonprofit sister organization called the International Youth Foundation (IYF). Indeed, IYF s offices are less than a mile from Laureate s in Baltimore. Shortly after Laureate made Bill Clinton its honorary chancellor in April 2010, Hillary Clinton made Laureate part of her State Department Global Partnership. IYF received USAID funds before Hillary s tenure at the State Dept. But the grants the group received exploded after Bill Clinton was put on the Laureate payroll.According to a Bloomberg analysis of the Clinton Cash revelation:  In 2009, the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate, the nonprofit received 11 grants worth $9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID. In 2010, the group received 14 grants worth $15.1 million. In 2011, 13 grants added up to $14.6 million. The following year, those numbers jumped: IYF received 21 grants worth $25.5 million, including a direct grant from the State Department. Read more: Breitbart",0
15367,PRICELESS! BOEHNER WHINES ABOUT THE NEW MEDIA EXPOSING THE TRUTH ABOUT BIG GOVERNMENT," Twenty years ago when, uh, we won the first Republican majority in 40 years, there was one radio talk show host that nobody d ever heard of. Uh, there was one cable news channel that just did news. And you look at t-today, you ve got hundreds of radio talk show hosts all trying to outdo themselves, right   going further right and further right and further right. Uh, you ve got all these cable news channels, and all they do are politics, and it s tending to either push or pull people into one of two camps.  If I go down to see President Obama, the right begins to wonder what I m up to; the left begins to wonder what the president s up to. The president s suggested,  Hey, you think it s too much trouble if we play golf again?  (snickers) And I have to look at him and say,  Yes!  RUSH: So Boehner can t play golf with Obama  cause of us. He can t play golf because he s afraid talk radio and Fox News are gonna wonder what he s up to and maybe   well, I don t know, reading his mind   think that we re gonna say he s selling out or that Obama s doing whatever.Some people were pushing me to run for the Senate. I decided I didn t want to do that, and I made a decision that the rest of my career was gonna be in the US House. So the team said to me,  All right, well, the rest of your career s gonna be in the House. What s your goal?  I didn t know! So I said,  Well, if you don t shoot for the top (snickers), why shoot for anything?  So I set my goal to be speaker.  ",0
15368,MASHUP VIDEO: HILLARY PUTS ON PHONY SOUTHERN ACCENT FOR SOUTH CAROLINA DEMOCRATIC CHAIRMAN,"Hillary has a history of pulling out the pandering Southern accent when in the South. I m from the South and find this so offensive as I m sure many others do. Southerners can smell a phony a mile away. Hillary Clinton sat down for a  Chair Chat  with the Chairman of the Democratic Party of South Carolina. During the interview, as in many of her speeches to people who live in the South, she put on a Southern accent that is absent from her speeches to Northerners. We made a mashup of some of the most painfully pandering moments, and ranked the intensity of her accent with cowboy boots (1 = lowest, 5 = strongest). ",0
15369,YOUNG BLACK CONSERVATIVE YouTube Sensation Endorses And Interviews His Choice For President 2016 [VIDEO],"CJ is tired of watching Barack Obama divide our nation says it s time to hire a  uniter. Black teen conservative political activist and Internet sensation CJ Pearson, 13, touted his endorsement of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) for president during an exclusive interview on Breitbart News Sunday. In 2016 it is time for us to mend the divisive traits that this president has inflicted upon our country. And I believe Ted [Cruz] can be that uniter,  Pearson told Breitbart s Matthew Boyle. He said he sees Cruz as a  fighter for conservative values; a fighter who will not give up, who will not give in to the D.C. establishment   left or right   and will fight for what he believes in. Pearson shot to national acclaim when he created a video on YouTube in February criticizing President Barack Obama. The video, titled  President Obama: Do You Really Love America?  quickly garnered over a million hits and he has since appeared on several mainstream media outlets to discuss his views. I think his entire term has been a downright failure, has been an embarrassment to this country,  Pearson said of Obama s presidency. He criticized the commander in chief for making a big government even bigger and for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, among other controversial policies. Obama, in Pearson s estimation,  is a leader who is more likely to apologize for America than to sit and fight for America. Pearson, who lives in Georgia, serves as the national coordinator for Students for Cruz, which is the official youth arm for the Cruz for President campaign. Via: Breitbart NewsHere is CJ s interview with Ted Cruz:",0
15370,(VIDEO) TRUMP AND O’REILLY DISCUSS DEBATE: Admits He’s “Apprehensive” Before First National GOP Debate, You don t know what s gonna come at you all of this has nothing to do with being a great President.  ,0
15371,BOOM! Trump Shows How A Good Business Mind Never Lets An Opportunity Go To Waste After Online Lib Site Publishes His Cell Number,"No wonder America loves this guy so much. It s been a long time since we had a leader who made his enemies look like amateurs After Gawker, an online site released one of Donald Trump s cellphone numbers today. Gawker claims they released Trump s number because he released the phone number of political opponent and RINO Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC).Never one to let a good opportunity go to waste, Trump changed his voicemail to a free campaign announcement for anyone who cares to call his number: Hi, this is Donald Trump and I m running for the presidency of the United States of America,  he says on the recording.  With your help and support, together we can make America truly great again! Visit me at twitter @realDonaldTrump and check out my campaign website at www.donaldtrump.com Hope to see you on the campaign trail, we re going to do it! Gawker responded by saying:  We think it s only fair and right that Republican primary voters be able to reach out to Trump himself. h/t Barracuda Brigade",0
15372,IS HILLARY GOING DOWN IN FLAMES? Latest Poll Shows Her Losing Big Time Credibility With Her Most Important Voters,"The good news is the Clinton Crime Syndicate is finally starting to come apart at the seams. The bad news is socialist Bernie Sanders is gaining steam, Joe (the clown) Biden and  Fauxcahantas  (Elizabeth Warren) are patiently waiting in the wings Hillary Clinton s popularity is plunging among white women, a slice of Americans she desperately needs to win over if she is to become president.A poll released Tuesday by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News found that just 34 per cent of Caucasian females have a positive view of the former secretary of state. That figure has dropped 10 points in the last month.Her  unfavorable  number among the same group climbed by ten points. Now 53 per cent of white women in the U.S. simply don t like her. Even in America s suburbs, Clinton is  under water  by five points, with more of those voters seeing her negatively than positively.A similar dynamic is dogging her among college-educated white women, just 43 per cent of whom have a positive view of Clinton   compared to 47 per cent who view her unfavorably. A month ago she was in positive territory with that group, by a 51-38 margin.Barack Obama won the White House on the strength of a massive groundswell of black voters   something that won t likely repeat itself in 2016.Clinton still posts strong numbers among blacks, but those statistics, too, are slipping.Sixty-six per cent of them told pollsters that they view her favorably, compared with 15 per cent who disagreed. But a month ago the same question brought an 81-3 runaway love-fest.Black voters overwhelmingly choose Democratic candidates, but large numbers of them might not be motivated to vote at all if the party doesn t field a nominee whom they find appealing. Clinton s case for claiming the Oval Office is being hurt by growing scandals related to Clinton s private email server, her role in burying bad news about the Benghazi terror attack just weeks before the last presidential election, and foreign donations to her family foundation.Many Democrats have long hoped Hillary Clinton might expand Barack Obama s electoral coalition by drawing in more white women voters. There is no way you can say she s in the same position this month compared to last month,  said Bill McInturff, a Republican pollster who co-directs the WSJ/NBC News survey.  She s been dented and she s in a weaker position. The poll sampled opinions from 1,000 adults last week. It also found that self-described  independent  voters, those with no party affiliation who make up the crucial and uncommitted middle of the electorate, are solidly against Clinton on the favorable/unfavorable question, by a 27-52 margin.Even with her baggage and dwindling support among a few key demographic groups, Clinton remains the Democratic Party s odds-on favorite to be its presidential nominee.Her closest competitor, self-described  socialist  senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, trails her by a 59-25 margin when Democrats. But that number might also be soft: In June her 34-point spread over the raw-emotion populist Sanders was 60.Via: Daily Mail",0
15373,IS RAND PAUL GIVING THE LEFT AMMUNITION TO USE AGAINST HIS PARTY Or Just Taking A Play From His Dad’s Campaign Book?,"Is Rand trying to separate himself from the crowded pack of GOP presidential contenders by ratcheting up the anti-war rhetoric that gained so much attention for his dad? As the first GOP presidential debate approaches, Republican Senator and 2016 presidential candidate Rand Paul just launched a bomb against the crowded field, attempting to differentiate himself from the other candidates.Senator Paul told the leftist Washington Post in Iowa over the weekend that he s the only GOP candidate who doesn t want to  blow up the world  and that is a significant difference between him and the rest of the GOP field, and that he plans to make that case at the first debate on Thursday.According to the Post, Paul said that the debate will pit him against the other GOP candidates who want to  send half a million of your sons and daughters back  to Iraq and that he will ask the other GOP candidates whether they  want to always intervene in every civil war around the world.  Via: Politistick",0
15374,TWO ILLEGAL ALIENS TO BECOME FIRST APPOINTED CITY COMMISSIONERS: Hope To Create More Opportunities For Illegals,"Is there really any point to go through the work and expense to become an American citizen anymore?Huntington Park may become the first city in California to appoint two undocumented immigrants as commissioners on city advisory boards, a lawmaker confirms.City Councilman Jhonny Pineda has picked Francisco Medina to join the health and education commission and Julian Zatarain for the parks and recreation commission.The 32-year-old lawmaker told CBSLA online producer Deborah Meron that he promised voters while running for office that he would create more opportunities for undocumented residents. Huntington Park is a city of opportunity and a city of hope for all individuals regardless of socioeconomic status, race, creed, or in this case, citizenship,  the councilman said in a statement.  Both these gentlemen have accomplished a great deal for the city. For that, on behalf of the city council, mayor, and our city, I want to say thank you to them both and I am confident they will do an excellent job on their commission posts. Pineda says he cleared the appointments with the city attorney, who confirmed there s nothing that requires a commissioner to be a registered voter, a documented citizen or even a resident, which technically means someone here without legal residency can serve.Appointees first pass a LifeScan background check.Medina and Zatarain would not be paid for the volunteer positions and would not have a direct hand in constructing policy but would help advise the council on legislation. Other commissioners receive a $75 monthly stipend on months when they hold meetings.Coming the same year that California allowed residents to apply for a driver s license, regardless of immigration status, this move is the latest in an effort to recognize an increasingly sizable demographic in the state.Pineda says at 13 years old he emigrated alone to the United States. He established legal residency and told Meron he feels blessed to have been able to come here and work. He s served as a district representative on the California State Senate and legislative assistant for the U.S. House of Representatives. He currently is president of the California Latino Leadership Institute, an organization designed for young professionals interested in leadership development and serving their community.A graduate from Cal State Dominguez Hills with a bachelor s degree in sociology and Chicano studies, Medina interned for then-Assemblyman Gil Cedillo, who now serves on the Los Angeles City Council, Pineda says. Medina also organizes immigration forums aimed a helping working-class communities.Pineda says the decision will be announced at the City Council meeting scheduled for 6 p.m. Monday and will become official after being processed by the council.Via: CBS Los Angeles",0
15375,LOW INFORMATION VOTER ALERT! HILLARY CLINTON SUPPORTERS WANT TO REPEAL THE BILL OF RIGHTS (VIDEO),The Hillary Clinton supporters are the definition of a liv this is just pitiful! ,0
15376,WATCH RESPONSES BY NH FOCUS GROUP TO QUESTIONS ABOUT TRUMP SHOCK MSNBC HOSTS,The answers to questions about Donald Trump by a room full of mostly Democrats and Independent NH voters leave these leftist MSNBC hosts in shock https://youtu.be/ylrpG-SLdEU,0
15377,ROMNEY CRITICIZES TEA PARTY CANDIDATE TED CRUZ ABOUT TOUGH RHETORIC ON IRAN AND CRUZ COMES OUT SWINGING: “You got clobbered [by Obama] because you didn’t have the guts to keep going.”,"A transcript from the Friday, July 31, 2015 Rush Limbaugh show. Rush is truly one of the most brilliant political analysts of our time. He proves it with this commentary on Mitt Romney and Ted Cruz:RUSH: Mitt Romney is out there ripping into Ted Cruz, and I made the observation that I can t recall a presidential candidate   losing presidential candidate   ripping presidential candidates in his own party in the next election cycle. I was trying to think, in the modern era, if there was an example of it. I couldn t think of one. It wasn t so much trying to think of Reagan s 11th commandment as I was thinking more about establishment Republican versus upstart Tea Party conservative.By the way, here s another thing: I ve been doing  In the course of show prep, I ve been doing just a voluminous amount of reading about the divide here between the establishment in Washington, both parties, and the Republican Party, what s happening with Trump and so forth. Now, I knew! I knew that the Democrats had elevated the Tea Party into being something horrible and giant and bad, negative. I had no idea Eh, that s not quite true. I didn t fully appreciate the extent to which the Republican Party has enmity for the Tea Party. The Washington establishment treats the Tea Party  They re genuinely afraid of it. Let me put it this way: They re genuinely afraid of it because of its size and its power, and the amazing thing about that is the Tea Party is not something about which is organized around an individual. I think this is why they fear it. It is genuinely bottom-up.It s an effervescent movement of average, ordinary people fed up with Washington, just totally fed up with government, totally fed up with what government is doing. Peggy Noonan has a piece today, and she says that the Tea Party and others, it s not hatred for government they have, it s contempt for government. But the Tea Party is genuinely feared, and it s genuinely feared because it is thought to be huge, and it s put the whole Republican establishment on defense.So, anyway, Ted Cruz  isn t backing off the tough rhetoric he s used to describe the Iran nuclear deal, despite criticism leveled by  Mitt Romney yesterday. Cruz  fired back at Romney in a Thursday radio interview   So Mitt Romney s tweet today said,  Gosh, this rhetoric is not helpful,  Cruz said.  John Adams famously said,  Facts are stubborn things.  Describing the actual facts is not using rhetoric; it is called speaking the truth.'  Cruz then fired another fact. Part of the reason that Mitt Romney got clobbered by Barack Obama is because we all remember that third debate where Barack Obama turned to Mitt and said,  I said the Benghazi attack was terrorism and no one is more upset by Benghazi than I am!  And Mitt, I guess listening to his own advice, said,  Well gosh, I don t want to use any rhetoric. So OK, never mind. I ll just kind of rearrange the pencil on the podium here,  Cruz said.  And he s right! We do remember that debate.I mean, Romney must have had three, different, slow-pitch curveballs, softballs, just tailor made for grand-slam home runs, and he just didn t even take a swing at them. Remember that? After the first debate, when Romney just cleaned Obama s clock, do you remember that? The Democrats and the media were all asking,  What happened to Obama? Oh my God, does he even want to be reelected?  They were scared to death because Romney just made mincemeat.After that one, it was like it never happened, almost like Romney felt guilty for doing it. Because he went into a defensive mode and did not do anything else that might offend or upset or irritate anybody. And it was clear that the consultants had gotten hold of him. Maybe they didn t have to. Maybe he believed it himself. But the consultants had gotten a hold of him and said,  Look, you can t keep criticizing the president. The independents don t like that! We re never going to win. We have to show we can cooperate. We have to show we can work with the Democrats!  So Romney shut up. But what Cruz s point is very simple (summarized):  What are you beating up on me for? I m not the enemy. I m not the Democrat Party. Why don t you start talking about them this way? They re the ones actually doing a deal that s going to put this country at risk. Why don t you say that?  Effectively what Cruz is saying is,  I m not the problem here, Mitt! And this isn t  rhetoric.  I m simply citing facts. So now people are starting to ask:  Is Cruz following in the Trump mold? Is Trump serving to show the way for other Republicans how to respond?  Well, maybe Trump is, but Cruz doesn t need to be shown. This is standard operating procedure for Cruz. I mean, it was just two weeks ago that he went to the floor of the Senate and accused the majority leader of lying to him face to face. Now he s firing back at Romney. But try this headline. Well, it s not a headline. It s a paragraph subhead. Both Obama and Romney have called Cruz s remarks inappropriate.  What has Cruz done? He s  maintained that [Obama] would become a leading state-sponsor of terror if the agreement it struck with Iran makes it past Congress. He and others have argued that Iran would use a windfall from sanctions relief to finance terror abroad.  He has said on that basis alone this deal ought not get done! And then Romney piped up and said in a tweet (paraphrased):  Gosh, this rhetoric isn t helpful. Gosh, this rhetoric isn t helpful! Cruz fired back:  You re telling me what s not helpful? You got clobbered by Obama for a reason! You got clobbered because you backed off. You got clobbered because you didn t have the guts to keep going.  So this is  I like this, folks. Whatever Trump s responsible for it or not.END TRANSCRIPTVia: RushLimbaugh.com",0
15378,EMBARRASSING: [VIDEO] DNC DINGBAT CAN’T TELL MSNBC HOST The Difference Between A Democrat And Socialist,"There used to be a difference. Of all people, Chris Matthews  should have known he was asking his party s chairman a trick question The chair of the Democratic National Committee was momentarily speechless after being asked an awkward question about her party and socialism on Thursday. What is the difference between a Democrat and a socialist?  MSNBC host Chris Matthews asked Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz (D., Fla.). Uh,  Wasserman-Schultz responded. I used to think there was a big difference,  Matthews said.  What do you think? The difference between the real question is what s the difference between being a Democrat and being a Republican,  Wasserman-Schultz said.Matthews didn t let her off easily. Yeah but what s the big difference between being a Democrat and being a socialist?  Matthews said.  You re the chairwoman of the Democratic Party. Tell me the difference between you and a socialist. https://youtu.be/fkr7DsQTwno The relevant debate that we ll be having over the course of this campaign is what s the difference between being a Democrat and being a Republican,  Wasserman-Schultz repeated.Via: WFB",0
15379,THE FIX IS IN: JUDGE QUICKLY BLOCKS ABORTION VIDEOS AND NOW WE KNOW THE REST OF THE STORY,"Judge William H. Orrick, III joins Obama in his desire to keep the Planned parenthood abortion videos from coming out. He quickly granted a restraining order against the release of the videos. Did anyone else think it was really fast and very unusual that a judge would take such swift action? Well, we thought so too and now we know why. Orrick is an Obama appointee and was a bundler for the Obama campaign!A federal judge late Friday granted a temporary restraining order against the release of recordings made at an annual meeting of abortion providers. The injunction is against the Center for Medical Progress, the group that has unveiled Planned Parenthood s participation in the sale of organs harvested from aborted children.Judge William H. Orrick, III, granted the injunction just hours after the order was requested by the National Abortion Federation.Orrick was nominated to his position by hardline abortion supporter President Barack Obama. He was also a major donor to and bundler for President Obama s presidential campaign. He raised at least $200,000 for Obama and donated $30,800 to committees supporting him, according to Public Citizen.Even though the National Abortion Federation filed its claim only hours before, Orrick quickly decided in their favor that the abortionists they represent would, ironically, be  likely to suffer irreparable injury, absent an ex parte temporary restraining order, in the form of harassment, intimidation, violence, invasion of privacy, and injury to reputation, and the requested relief is in the public interest. Read more: The Right Scoop",0
15380,BIDEN GEARS UP FOR PRESIDENTIAL BID AS “Somebody Very High In The Food Chain” Works Behind The Scenes To Take Down Hillary,"It s pretty common knowledge there is no love lost between Valerie Jarrett and the Clinton crime syndicate. It s also pretty common knowledge who s calling the shots at the White House. If Valerie doesn t want Hillary to be coronated as the next Democratic Presidential candidate, it s highly likely that in the dirty world of Obama s Chicago thug style politics that Hillary s not gonna be the candidate The lady in waiting will have to keep waiting. Probably forever. Fate has spoken.Already threatened by a growing trust deficit with voters, her would-be majesty now faces an even more lethal adversary. It s called the truth, though she probably sees it as a vast, left-wing conspiracy.The news that two inspectors general from the Obama administration want the Justice Department to investigate her handling of classified material is a potential game changer. For many Democrats, it will serve as final proof she is  fatally flawed. Her standing will further erode, turning her coronation plans into a long, hot summer. The drip, drip, drip of details will produce new polls showing a bleeding of support, which will entice other candidates into the race. Look for Vice President Joe Biden to jump in soon, and lefty Sen. Elizabeth Warren might also take the leap.Meanwhile, Clinton must play  defense against her former colleagues in the State Department and intelligence agencies. Actually, it s worse. She s almost certainly up against the White House.Somebody very high in the food chain leaked the memos requesting the probe. The New York Times, which broke the story, identified its source only as  a senior government official.  My money is on Valerie Jarrett, the Obamas  Rasputin, who is known to despise Clinton. If it was Jarrett, she would not do this against the president s wishes.That also would be true for any  senior government official  who leaked the memos. Targets don t get any bigger than Hillary Clinton, so this was not a rogue operation. This was an approved hit.Clinton has an enemies list   and it looks like she s on Obama s. It s also possible the White House is  using the issue to keep her in line on the Iranian nuke deal. The implied threat is  look what happened to Robert Menendez. Either way, she had it coming. Her arrogance and bald-faced lies about the emails must have infuriated her boss and colleagues. Her decision to conduct government business on a private server in her home and use personal email accounts was a giant  f k you  to the administration.When it was revealed in March that she had deleted tens of thousands of emails before turning over those she deemed government property, she compounded injury with an insulting insistence that she did nothing wrong. Insiders knew that was a big fat lie.As I wrote then, Clinton s claim that she acted out of  convenience  was hogwash. She wanted to keep her correspondence secret from Congress, the media   and also from the White House, and the people it stashed at State to watch her. It s obvious now she underestimated the ammunition she was providing. As a result, she has put her dream of being the second President Clinton in mortal jeopardy.And her problems may not end with the classified issue. Any honest prosecutor looking at her emails would also look for evidence she traded government favors for contributions to the Clinton Foundation or paid speeches.She and Bill Clinton were paid $25 million for speeches in just 16 months, and some of that cash came from donors and companies with business before her. Similarly, big donors to the foundation also sought help from her as secretary.And now a career marked by persistent dishonesty might be nearing the finish line long before she planned.Via: NY Post",0
15381,(VIDEO) DONALD TRUMP: “NOT BEHOLDEN TO ANYONE”,I listened to this interview and it really reinforces my belief that Trump s heart is in the right place. I especially love his comment on our vets. He s passionate about making America great again and it shows! ,0
15382,"(VIDEO) FRIDAY NIGHT’S HYSTERICAL TAKE ON THE BOEHNER, MCCONNELL, CRUZ TUSSLE","If you haven t watched the commentary in Intellectual Froglegs, it s an acquired taste. Joe Dan is a truth teller with a great Southern accent. Hope you like it!",0
15383,BIRDS OF A FEATHER: FAMOUS CELEBRITY ADULTERER IS MAJOR CLINTON SLUSH FUND DONOR,"Sorry Tiger, Hillary has a lot of influence but it s unlikely she can do anything for your golf game Adulterer and former golf star Tiger Woods donated between $25,001 and $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation in the first half of 2015, records show. The charitable organization was founded by adulterer and former President Bill Clinton. The two men are perhaps the most renowned philanderers in America, yet for whatever reason Clinton is far more respected in the public eye, and occasionally wins  father of the year  awards.Woods is one of more than 10,500 individuals and organization who donated to the Clinton Foundation in the first half of the year. That s a significant increase from the 8,800 donors who contributed during the same period last year, but it probably has nothing to do with the fact that Hillary officially announced her presidential campaign in April, because the Clinton Foundation is exclusively a charitable organization that does a lot of good in the world and is definitely not a slush fund for influence peddlers.Via: WFB ",0
15384,ZIMBABWE’S CORRUPT GOVERNMENT SEEKS EXTRADITION OF AMERICAN LION HUNTER: Secret Memo Shows U.S. Was Aware Of $45-$60 Million Trophy Hunting Business,"So much outrage by so many corrupt people it s hard to keep track.  One thing we know for sure no matter where you are in the world, you know you can always count on American citizens to seek justice against anyone who would harm an animal. Ripping innocent human babies limbs off and harvesting their parts for profit not so much As usual, there is none more culpable of the recent event in Zimbabwe, which incidentally is and has been quite permitted by the local authorities as long as everyone s palms are appropriately greased, than the US government, which years ago was fully aware that Americans were killing lions in Hwange National Park, but that its concern was not with the dead animals   no matter how hard the administration tries to feign empathy for the beheaded lion here and now   but with Americans getting caught in the act.al.com  Zimbabwe intends to seek the extradition of an American dentist who killed a lion that was lured out of a national park and shot with a bow and a gun, and the process has already begun, a Cabinet minister said Friday. Unfortunately it was too late to apprehend the foreign poacher as he had already absconded to his country of origin,  Oppah Muchinguri, Zimbabwe s environment, water and climate minister, told a news conference.  We are appealing to the responsible authorities for his extradition to Zimbabwe so that he be made accountable. On Tuesday, American hunter Walter James Palmer issued a statement saying he relied on his guides to ensure the hunt was legal. Two Zimbabweans   a professional hunter and a farm owner   have been arrested in the lion killing that garnered worldwide condemnation. There has been an outcry,  Muchinguri said.  Almost 500,000 people are calling for his extradition and we need this support. We want him tried in Zimbabwe because he violated our laws. I have already consulted with the authorities within the police force who are responsible for arresting the criminal. We have certain processes we have to follow. Police should take the first step to approach the prosecutor general who will approach the Americans. The processes have already started. The Cabinet minister said both Palmer and professional hunter Theo Bronkhorst violated the Parks and Wildlife Act, which controls the use of bow and arrow hunting. He said Palmer, who reportedly paid $50,000 to hunt the lion, also violated the act through financing an illegal hunt. The landowner violated the act because he  allowed a hunt to be conducted without a quota and necessary permit,  Muchinguri said.Muchinguri accused Palmer of  a well-orchestrated agenda which would tarnish the image of Zimbabwe and further strain the relationship between Zimbabwe and the USA. Palmer is believed to have shot the lion with a bow on July 1 outside Hwange National Park, after it was lured onto private land with a carcass of an animal laid out on a car. Some 40 hours later, the wounded cat was tracked down and Palmer allegedly killed it with a gun.Palmer, 55, is a dentist in the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington. In a note to his patients, he wrote:  I understand and respect that not everyone shares the same views on hunting,  adding that he would resume his dental practice  as soon as possible. Zimbabwe Hunters On US Elephant Ivory Ban: As professional hunter Cliff Walker sets out before dawn in Zimbabwe s Zambezi River valley to find a lion for his U.S. client, he has elephants on his mind.Walker, 37, says a U.S. ban on ivory imports from Zimbabwe and Tanzania in February may cost him tens of thousands of dollars. While Gavin Shire, spokesman for the U.S. Department of Fish and Wildlife Services, said last month that the ban was  temporary,  Walker thinks it will dissuade clients from coming to the southern African nation. I had six quotas for elephant trophy hunts for American clients,  Walker said in an interview last month in the Matetsi Lot 1 in northwestern Zimbabwe near Victoria Falls.  I spent a lot of money to get those quotas. Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority Director-General Edison Chidziya traveled to Washington last year to lobby against the ban, which government officials say will cost the southern African nation vital foreign exchange. Before the ban, Zimbabwe was expecting to earn about $60 million from trophy hunting this year, up from $45 million last year. Via: BloombergImages from the luxuryhunts.com websiteZero Hedge   Released by Wikileaks: QUIET DIPLOMACY  SUSPENDS ELEPHANT HUNTING IN NATIONAL PARKS   FOR NOW    a Confidential memo sent on October 23, 2008 by the current US ambassador to Zimbabwe, James D. Mcgee, to the CIA.In it we read that, as usual, there is none more culpable of the recent event in Zimbabwe, which incidentally is and has been quite permitted by the local authorities as long as everyone s palms are appropriately greased, than the US government, which years ago was fully aware that Americans were killing lions in Hwange National Park, but that its concern was not with the dead animals   no matter how hard the administration tries to feign empathy for the beheaded lion here and now   but with Americans getting caught in the act. As has just happened.But first, here is some background on how legal local poaching, whether it is for lions or elephants is. From the formerly classified memo:Meeting with poloff and conoff on October 10, Bown said that it was unclear  how legal  these hunting operations were, since it appeared the hunters had permits issued by Parks to kill the animals, despite the provision in the National Parks Act that prohibits commercial hunting. The photographic safari operators indicated Parks had given several local and South African hunting companies concessions to kill elephants in Hwange if they met specific criteria: (1) total ivory weight less than 30 pounds, (2) young/adolescent males, (3) isolated areas (i.e. away from watering holes and main roads), and (4) controlled by Parks staff. Parks has never publicly stated these criteria or explained the operation. Frustrated photographic safari operators weighed and photographed many of the tusks at the Park s ivory store in Hwange and found that many were over 30 pounds each. In one case, an operator claimed an American hunter killed an elephant with tusks weighing over 120 pounds. Photos also show some elephants were killed very near main roads and close to watering holes. In at least one reported case, a vehicle drove around the animal before the hunter killed it at close range. In emails to Mtsambiwa and Nhema, safari operators decried the unethical hunting both in terms of the detrimental ecological impact and the negative impact it would have on their own businesses.  the safari operators also reported that some of the hunting guides had been issued hundreds of hunting permits for elephants in Hwange and other national parks in mid-to-late August. Normally, hunting permits are offered in an auction to all professional hunting guides. In contrast, Bown said these recent permits were issued through a non-transparent process to professional hunters of ill-repute, including some South African operators.So both the Zimbabwe ambassador and the CIA knew Zimbabwe was permitting and flaunting its own  regulations  when it comes to poaching if the fee is good enough. And, since American citizens were involved, the fee most certainly was:Despite Mtsambiwa s assurances at our August meeting that Parks was only planning a management/training exercise for Parks staff, in early September poloff received an email from an American citizen in California, asking about an advertisement for an elephant hunt in Zimbabwe to hunt five elephants over ten days for USD 6,000 as part of a culling exercise. The meat from the animals would go to local villagers and hunters were expected to help with on-site butchering of the animals. This price is significantly less than most elephant hunting packages. Normally, elephant hunting excursions in Zimbabwe cost about USD 1,000 per day, plus a fee for each animal killed. The hunting operation was to be led by Zimbabwean Headman Sibanda and was arranged by Thomas Powers Internationale, based in Colorado. Where was the disgust then? Oh yes, elephants are not cute animals about which Broadway musicals are written.However, there is a problem, because reading on we find that not only did the government know about everything that was going on involving US poachers, quite legal and paying very well, involving the hunting of elephants, but also, drumroll, lions.Bown, Save Valley Conservancy Director Clive Stockil and other conservationists opined in conversations with us that hunting permits were issued by Parks under intense pressure from its politicized board and ZANU-PF. Bown believed this frantic last grab at hunting revenue was one more aspect of ZANU-PF insiders  efforts to strip assets and fill their pockets before losing power to the MDC. She said that the same small group of hunters involved in this operation had been consistently involved in unethical and marginally legal hunting. Bown had no evidence that they were involved specifically with sanctioned individuals within the Mugabe regime, but believed such connections were likely. According to Bown, the Zimbabwean professional hunters involved include Guy Whitall, Tim Schultz of African Dream Safaris, Headman Sibanda and Wayne Grant of Nyala Safaris, Evans Makanza, Alan Shearing, Buzz Charlton and James Macullam of Charlton Macullum Safaris, A.J. Van Heerden of Shashe Safaris, Barry Van Heerden of Big Game Safaris, and Lawrence Boha. (COMMENT: Numerous conservationists have suggested the Van Heerden brothers are involved in suspicious hunting and land deals with the Director of the Central Intelligence Organization, Happyton Bonyongwe, although none have provided proof of the relationship. END COMMENT.)Additionally, one safari operator accused an American, by name, of killing a lion illegally and then smuggling its hide out through South Africa. Given the rampant smuggling of other animal products across Zimbabwe s southern border (reftel), this is not unlikely. As reported in reftel, American hunting dollars are vital to Zimbabwe s conservation efforts, but there are also serious risks that Americans could be implicated in smuggling and poaching operations.And there you have it: while blaming Walter Palmer is easy, the truth is that at its core, the death of Cecil, as well as countless other lions, elephants, rhinos and other animals, is solely as a result of the Zimbabwe government s corruption. A corruption, which the US government knew all about, and which also knew that US hunters were killing not only elephants but lions.The government s only real concern: the  serious risks that Americans could be implicated in smuggling and poaching operations. And now that an American has been implicated in poaching, what does the government do? It generously offers to  help the Zimbabwe government investigate the killing  of Cecil. Even though both Zimbabwe and the US government have tacitly approval of just this kind of behavior for years. Until something went wrong.",0
15385,BOOM! WATCH DR BEN CARSON’S MIC DROP MOMENT WITH THIS ONE STATEMENT ABOUT PLANNED PARENTHOOD,Dr. Ben Carson is one of the best at putting a difficult topic into simple terms. Patty and I were lucky enough to hear Dr. Carson speak in Detroit. He s a brilliant man with a very interesting story. Here s his take on Planned Parenthood that I think says it all: ,0
15386,"HOLLYWOOD LIBS CREATE INSANE PROPAGANDA VIDEO FOR OBAMA: Warning Iran Will Bomb Us With Nukes If Congress Blocks Obama’s Deal,”Like a really dark unpleasant death toast”","Hmmm .If we didn t know better, we d almost think Obama and Valerie Jarrett had a hand in writing this whacked out script. Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. ???This propaganda piece was clearly created for the low information voter A group of celebrities and public figures have come together in a new video to get behind the Obama administration s nuclear deal with Iran, urging the public not to let Congress  sabotage  the agreement.Actors Morgan Freeman and Jack Black joined forces with Queen Noor of Jordan and former US Ambassador to Israel Thomas Pickering to suggest that the result of the Iran deal falling through would have dangerous consequences.The video was produced by Global Zero, a non-profit organization with the stated mission of  the elimination of all nuclear weapons. It would be like a really dark unpleasant cloud of death,  Black says, referring to the possibility of a nuclear attack on the United States in a tongue-in-cheek manner.Queen Noor makes it clear that paranoia about Armageddon isn t what they are selling, though.  We re not actually worried about Iran dropping a nuclear weapon on the United States,  she says. It is true that if Congress sabotages this deal, there would be nothing stopping Iran from getting the bomb,  Pickering adds.  That would likely spark an arms race throughout the region. Ultimately, we could be forced into a war with Iran, another dangerous, drawn-out and expensive conflict in the Middle East with many lives lost,  says Freeman.Meanwhile, Natasha Lyonne from the popular  Orange is the New Black  TV show chimes in with:  Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. Via: RT Since they were nice enough to give you Congress  phone number, we re going to do the same: 877-630-4032. We re going to ask that you make the call and DEMAND Congress STOPS Obama from making a reckless deal with Iran, a country who is still chanting  Death to America!   There s a reason we don t negotiate with terrorists and it s not because we don t want peace it s because we understand that a peaceful resolution can never be reached with people who only want to see your country wiped off the map ",0
15387,“BLACK SKIN PRIVILEGE” Why These Two Well Known Writers Say It’s A Real Thing [VIDEO],"If the title of this book was  White Skin Privilege  you would likely find it in just about every college campus library or school book store. Conversely, it s highly unlikely that you ll find the  Black Skin Privilege and the American Dream  book on any college or high school reading lists. After all, discrimination is a one-way street and as usual, the left gets to determine who s being discriminated against and who s guilty of discrimination In 2013, conservative writers David Horowitz and John Perazzo released a Kindle pamphlet titled,  Black Skin Privilege and the American Dream,  and today I want to give you an inside look courtesy Frontpage Magazine.In the pamphlet, the authors argued that, in their  obsessive quest to find evidence of illusory  white skin privilege,  the left instead winded up creating  black skin privilege. Its effects can be seen in the presumption of guilt on the part of innocent whites (think Duke lacrosse team) on the basis of their skin color, while guilty blacks (think O.J. Simpson) are often presumed innocent,  the authors wrote.Think also of Mike Brown and Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson. The left turned Wilson into a bogeyman of alleged racial terror, while they portrayed Brown as an innocent  gentle giant.  Not surprisingly, the evidence eventually vindicated Wilson and proved without a doubt that the real villain had been Brown all along. Blacks can commit racist attacks on whites certain that civil rights  activists  who sift the news obsessively for black victims will either not notice or dismiss such attacks as a form of delayed  justice  for the historical oppression of black people,  the writers added.Indeed. I try to cover as much racial crime as possible, but frankly, too many stories of blacks assaulting whites appear on my feed for me to legitimately address them. If you want to know more about such crimes, I suggest you follow Colin Flaherty on YouTube:https://youtu.be/tMsJ1wc7mTwHere is an excerpt from the book: The result of such prejudice   there is no better word for it   is the creation of an optical illusion of deeply embedded, if largely invisible, white racism that creates vast numbers of black victims when the social facts show quite a different situation,  the authors added.According to FBI crime data released earlier this year, whites and Hispanics are far more likely to be killed by a black person than a black person is to be killed by either a white or Hispanic person.Alas, these sorts of facts  are suppressed (or shrugged off) by the media and civil rights  activists  dedicated to creating a one-sided and propagandistic narrative of race in the United States. As a result, we live in an age where every black criminal is automatically assumed to be a victim, while every white victim is automatically assumed to be a perpetrator.It s sad, but it s all part of Obama s America  Via: DownTrend",0
15388,BREAKING VIDEO: HILLARY CLINTON PLAYS DODGEBALL LIKE A CHAMP,She s really good at this! This should disqualify her for the nomination don t candidates need to be vetted? ,0
15389,BREAKING: PLANNED PARENTHOOD PULLS A LAME PR STUNT AND GETS BUSTED,"Desperation has set in and Planned parenthood is resorting to messy stunts that try and make anti-abortion groups look bad. I just don t think these ghouls realize that no matter what they do, this is evil and wrong Planned Parenthood claims on several of its websites that the organization s web operations have been attacked by  extremists,  but this so-called hacking has all the hallmarks of an orchestrated public relations stunt.Numerous people on Twitter pointed to evidence suggesting that this so-called hack wasn t a hack at all:A review of the source code of the main page that appears at PlannedParenthood.org shows that as of 9:30 a.m. today, the page is listed as a  Campaign  and uses a specific template named  Site Down Tempalte  (the typo is theirs). The same page then directs visitors to the Facebook page of Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the political fundraising arm of the nation s largest abortion provider.And that s where Planned Parenthood s hacking facade begins to crumble. On the splash page declaring that the organization was hacked, visitors are asked  Why do you stand with Planned Parenthood  and invited to share their stories on a separate page.And wouldn t you know it, that page functions perfectly.What next Planned Parenthood, you gonna stage a fake bombing or arson at one of your abortion clinics as a fundraising hoax? I m sure your pals at the SPLC could supply a list of likely suspects to frame.It s just a shame these ghouls can t cry racism or homophobia. Hey, maybe they should expand their services to include sex change operations or  race reassignments . I bet Bruce Jenner and Rachel Dolezal would be onboard with that.Via: Blur Brain",0
15390,HILLARY CLINTON PROVES SHE DOESN’T “PLAY WELL WITH OTHERS” WHEN SHE NAMES HER GREATEST WEAKNESS,"It s all about Hillary and Bill in their world. It s also about how much they can skim off the top or gain monetarily in the political world. Just a couple of grifters Hillary Clinton s greatest strength, the candidate explained in an interview with the morning newsletter The Skimm, is her  passionate commitment to helping people.  The passion was on display in 2009, for example, when Clinton personally intervened to help Swiss bank UBS settle a lawsuit with the IRS and thus protect the identities of tens of thousands of Americans who may or may not be evading U.S. taxes through Swiss bank accounts.Clinton was also asked about her greatest weakness. Here s what she said:Got that? Clinton s biggest fault is her inability to deal with you idiots who can t comprehend why Hillary Clinton should be president. You already rejected her once in 2008, and God help you if it happens again. You wouldn t like her when she s angry.This weakness was on display in 2008 during the Democratic primary, when Hillary was brought to tears upon realizing that Democratic voters might reject her in favor of an inexperienced celebrity like Barack Obama.Via: WFB",0
15391,TRUMP’S CHOICE FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL Doesn’t Come From The Obama School Of Chicago Thug Justice,"The good news is, now that Obama s released all the criminals from jail, there should be plenty of room for Hillary, Eric Holder, Loretta Lynch, Lois Lerner, Barack Obama and his tax cheat buddy, Al Sharpton Even though he s just a presidential hopeful, Donald Trump has wasted no time telling America his top pick is for attorney general. And, if you were somehow involved in the Benghazi scandal or Hillary Clinton s email debacle, you d better watch out.In a Tuesday tweet, Trump said that he would pick South Carolina representative and chairman of the House Select Committee on Benghazi Trey Gowdy as his attorney general, were he to be elected president. @HillaryClinton s toast. Dems had better get the  B Team  off the bench. @TGowdySC (Trey Gowdy s Twitter username) for Attorney General under President Trump,  Trump tweeted.Rep. Gowdy, whose tenacious manner with liberals and Obama administration officials has earned him the nickname  The Bulldog,  has been a conservative favorite for quite some time now. In fact, before the 2014 Republican sweep of Congress, political action group the Tea Party Leadership Fund endorsed Gowdy to take over John Boehner s position as speaker of the House.While Gowdy didn t get that job, it might be even more satisfying seeing the South Carolina bulldog at Eric Holder s old desk, prosecuting all of those Democrats let slide during the Obama administration.Via: Conservative Tribune",0
15392,[VIDEO] HERO WHO EXPOSED PLANNED PARENTHOOD SAYS UNSEEN VIDEOS ARE “EVEN WORSE”,"David Daleiden:  We probably have hundreds to even thousands of hours of total video tape from over the past two and a half years. Of the really, really shocking compelling stuff, we ve probably got dozens upon dozens of hours and that will be released in the days and months to come.Sean Hannity: So we re going to see tape after tape after tape  as bad as the two we ve already seen or even worse?David: Exactly even worse.",0
15393,(VIDEO) WOW! THIS RACIST STATEMENT FROM JEB BUSH ISN’T EVEN THE WORST OF WHAT HE SAID ABOUT IMMIGRATION,Stereotype much? Wow! This entire statement is misleading and racist because Jeb Bush wants to paint with broad strokes the picture of just how great it will be to flood America with lots of  fertile  illegals. He then goes on to say that America will  decline  if we don t do this  ,0
15394,PRICELESS: Watch Bill Clinton Defend Hillary’s Criminal Activity in 1992 Presidential Debate,"Career criminals professional grifters the ultimate Democrat politicians Voters in Illinois and Michigan witnessed the nastiest moments thus far of the Democratic presidential campaign Sunday night when former California Gov. Jerry Brown accused Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary, of unethical behavior and funneling state business to her Little Rock law firm.With former Massachusetts Sen. Paul Tsongas standing by during a one-hour TV debate in Chicago, Brown launched a harsh, personal attack on the Democratic front-runner, citing a Washington Post story published Sunday that raised questions about the relationship between the state of Arkansas and the law firm of which Hillary Clinton is a partner.Watch the exchange between Governor Jerry Brown and Bill Clinton here:Clinton ardently defended his wife`s integrity, and he charged that Brown`s attack was driven by electoral desperation and poll results.The confrontation came as the three Democrats met for the last time before Tuesday`s presidential primaries in Illinois and Michigan.Against that backdrop, Brown unleashed his barrage after he and Tsongas were asked by a debate panelist about Clinton`s  electability  in a possible fall campaign against President Bush. I think he`s got a big electability problem,  Brown said, citing the Post story as well as other newspaper articles that addressed the governor`s environmental record in Arkansas.Calling it a  scandal of major proportions,  Brown said,  He is funneling money to his wife`s law firm for state business. . . . It`s the kind of conflict of interest that`s incompatible with the kind of public servant we expect. The Post story did not say that either Clinton or his wife had channeled money or state business to the law firm. It did note that the Rose law firm has several state agencies and large corporations on its client list.Stabbing a finger at his rival, Clinton said:  Let me tell you something, Jerry. I don`t care what you say about me, but you ought to be ashamed of yourself for jumping on my wife. You`re not worthy to be on the same platform with (her). Clinton mocked Brown`s populist campaign approach and his bulldog tactics. I don`t think you can take much of what he says seriously,  Clinton said.  Jerry comes here with his family wealth and his $1,500 suit, making lying accusations about my wife. I never funneled any money to my wife`s law firm. Never. Never. Clinton insisted that his wife had turned down her partnership share in any income the firm receives from state business.The candidates then began shouting over one another, Clinton alluding to Brown aide Patrick Caddell, a longtime Washington political consultant, and suggesting the former California governor was  somebody else`s mouthpiece.   I feel sorry for Jerry Brown,  Clinton barked.  He reinvents himself every year or two. Clinton, whose campaign has thus far survived supermarket tabloid allegations of infidelity and questions about his draft history, has been forced to respond to suggestions from all of his Democratic rivals that he cannot defeat Bush.Last week, Clinton had to address a New York Times report that documented the Clintons` investment in a real estate deal with a man who later became head of a savings and loan that eventually failed.Brown`s attack was the most pointed of the campaign, and may have marked a transition point in American politics, a point at which the career and conduct of a male politician`s spouse becomes fair game for attack.From her role on CBS`  60 Minutes  defending her husband against charges of philandering to a less celebrated role as a campaign adviser, Hillary Clinton has played an exceedingly public role in the campaign.Via: Chicago Tribune",0
15395,SHOCKING POLL: TRUMP PASSES BUSH AND RUBIO IN HOME STATE OF FLORIDA,"Maybe Florida isn t as pro-amnesty as Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio had hoped. That s gonna leave a mark For the first time this year, Donald Trump tops a state poll of GOP presidential candidates in Florida.A St. Pete Polls survey released on Wednesday shows the New York businessman with 26 percent support, with Jeb Bush in second place with 20 percent.Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is in third place with 12 percent, and Marco Rubio is in fourth place with 10 percent. He s followed by Dr. Ben Carson at 5 percent, Ted Cruz and John Kasich at 4 percent, and Rand Paul at 3 percent. 16 percent are unsure or are supporting another candidate not named in the survey.When it comes to the GOP Senate race, however, there is no clear front-runner at all, some 13 months before the primary election.Among those who actually have an opinion, Pinellas County congressman David Jolly gets 10 percent support, with Lieutenant Governor Carlos Lopez-Cantera and Jacksonville area Congressman Ron DeSantis right behind him, essentially tied at 9 percent. Lopez-Cantera gets 9.2 percent support, DeSantis 8.9 percent.Former combat veteran and businessman Todd Wilcox gets 5 percent support (5.2%), tying him with North Florida congressman Jeff Miller (4.9%), who is not officially in the race.But an overwhelming 61 percent say they are undecided.That s a change from a similar poll taken two weeks ago, where Jolly garnered 22 percent support, 10 percent more than Miller.In terms of the reliability of this survey, Matt Florell of St. Pete Polls said his firm has had an impressive run the past three years, with several of its polls coming with the margin of error with final election results. The polling  almost always predicted the eventual winner of the election,  Florell said, citing the recent Jacksonville mayoral election and many of the general election races in 2014. But related to this specific poll,  he added,  I would refer back to our 2014 Democratic Primary poll and how close we were to the final results for both governor and attorney general. The poll of 1,902 Florida likely Republican primary voters was conducted from Saturday, July 18, 2015 to Tuesday, July 28, 2015. It was made up of a sampling of registered Republican party voters from the state of Florida, and has a 2.2% margin of error at a 95% confidence level.Via: St. Peters Blog",0
15396,“DEAD BROKE” HILLARY HITS A SWANKY SALON WITH ENTOURAGE IN TOW FOR A $600 HAIRDO,"Wait! I thought she was  dead broke  and just like the everyday American? It seems that the Clintons have a thing with costly hair cuts. Remember  Hairgate  with Bill Clinton? Yes, these two are just a couple of grifters with fancy hair Hillary Clinton put part of Bergdorf Goodman on lockdown on Friday to get a $600 haircut at the swanky John Barrett Salon. Clinton, with a huge entourage in tow, was spotted being ushered through a side entrance of the Fifth Avenue store on Friday. A source said,  Staff closed off one side of Bergdorf s so Hillary could come in privately to get her hair done. An elevator bank was shut down so she could ride up alone, and then she was styled in a private area of the salon. Other customers didn t get a glimpse. Hillary was later seen with a new feathered hairdo.  Clinton regularly sees salon owner John Barrett, who charges regular mortals $600 for a cut and blow-dry. Hair color can cost an extra $600. It is not known how much, or if, Clinton paid for the haircut, and her reps didn t respond to requests for comment. But Clinton s attachment to her hairstylists is well documented. The  Santa  recently referenced in her e-mails is Santa Nikkels, the proprietor of Santa s Salon in Chappaqua. And let s not forget that her husband, Bill Clinton, was famously caught up in a 1993 controversy known as  Hairgate  when he got a $200 haircut on Air Force One as it was idling for an hour at LAX, shutting down two runways and diverting numerous flights.Read more: NYP",0
15397,THE BRUTAL TRUTH ABOUT BENGHAZI: ’13 HOURS’ In-Home Sales BLOW UP Right Before The Election! Hillary Wants This GONE! [VIDEO],"Any guesses as to who is playing our criminal Secretary of State or our lying  Commander in Chief? The movie, based on Mitchell Zuckoff s 2014 book 13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi, tells the story of the September 11, 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya in which four Americans U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Foreign Service s Sean Smith and CIA contractors Glen Doherty and Tyrone S. Woods   were killed by Islamist terrorists.Bay is directing the film from a script by Chuck Hogan (FX s The Strain). James Badge Dale, John Krasinski, Pablo Schreiber, Toby Stephens, David Denman, Max Martini, and Dominic Fumusa star.The trailer conveys a strong sense of dread before the classic Bay-inspired action kicks in. When everything went wrong, six men had the courage to do what was right,  the text in the trailer reads.With a budget reportedly in the range of $30-$40 million, Bay is working on 13 Hours with a lot less money than he usually gets to play with on blockbuster films like Transformers. Here s hoping the result is a return to form for Bay and a tight, focused action film that honors the memories of the American heroes who sacrificed their lives on that day.13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi hits theaters January 15.Via: Breitbart News",0
15398,[RAW VIDEO] WHAT JEB BUSH JUST TOLD A HISPANIC AUDIENCE PROVES HOW OUT OF TOUCH HE REALLY IS,"Bush spoke to a hispanic audience in central Florida and pandered pretty heavily to the audience. The audio is pretty raw in places but well worth the listen. Bush claimed (23 minute mark) that encouraging self deportation is  not an American value . People that come to America illegally broke the law so is he saying he wouldn t follow the rule of law? He also at the 16:00 mark speaks about making Puerto Rico a state which is also something Obama wanted. America is 100% FED Up! with more of the same Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush told a Hispanic audience on Monday that illegal aliens must be given U.S. citizenship, and encouraging them to  self-deport  is not an American value.Bush made his remarks at church in Orlando, where he discussed his Christian faith and support for amnesty for illegal aliens, the same day a CNN poll showed that 64 percent of Republican voter support deporting illegals.Self-deportation is another matter: Since the vast majority of illegal aliens commit felonies in order to forge their documents, something like E-Verify could halt fraud in its tracks. No fake Social Security Card, no job, less reason to break into the U.S. Encouraging illegals to leave   and to take their massive crime wave with them   is a moderate solution to America s immigration problem, but it s too much to stomach for Jeb.In a Spanish interview that day, Jeb also told MSNBC he s  hurt  by GOP frontrunner Donald Trump s comments that criminals from Mexico are illegally entering the country and committing crimes against Americans, such as rape. I was hurt hearing somebody speaking in such a vulgar fashion. This makes solving this problem much more difficult. When we have politicians like that we cannot progress,  said Bush according to a translator.  In a political sense it was bad, and it creates an environment that is worse. Why pointing out that illegal aliens commit a great deal of crime in the U.S.  creates an environment  worse than, well, a crime-ridden one is unclear.  Read more: Breitbart",0
15399,IVANA TRUMP SPEAKS OUT AGAINST LEFTIST RAG’S FALSE ACCUSATIONS OF EX DONALD “RAPING” HER,"Hmmm Ever wonder why the left fears Trump so much? The Daily Beast s Tim Mak and Brandon Zadrozny woke up on Tuesday to find that CNN completely embarrassed them. After publishing a more-than-1,700-word-long invective on Monday evening reprinting old and disproven allegations against GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump by his ex-wife in divorce proceedings Trump s ex-wife herself came out with a statement to CNN standing by her ex-husband, and discrediting the liberal outlet s hit piece which relied heavily on statements she made in divorce proceedings 30 years ago. I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit. Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president,  Ivana Trump, Donald s ex-wife, said in the statement to CNN.Donald and Ivana Trump had three children together Ivanka, Eric and Donald, Jr., Donald s oldest children and now all officials at Trump s company three of Trump s five children.The embarrassing and quick putdown of the Daily Beast story comes just hours after the outlet ran a blistering headline falsely accusing him of rape:  Ex-Wife: Donald Trump Made Me Feel  Violated  During Sex. The sub-headline of the inaccurate article was even worse, directly leveling the false rape allegation:  Ivana Trump once accused the real-estate tycoon of  rape,  although she later clarified: not in the  criminal sense. The way they justified dredging up the three-decade-old allegation from divorce proceeding transcript, which was again per Ivana s statement to CNN clearly false? Donald Trump introduced his presidential campaign to the world with a slur against Mexican immigrants, accusing them of being  rapists  and bringing crime into the country.  Mak and Zadrozny wrote as the lead of their article before delving into the lurid, old and disproven details.  I mean somebody s doing it!  Who s doing the raping?  Donald Trump said, when asked to defend his characterization. It was an unfortunate turn of phrase for Trump in more ways than one. From there, they delve into the old allegations:  Not only does the current frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination have a history of controversial remarks about sexual assault, but as it turns out, his ex-wife Ivana Trump once used  rape  to describe an incident between them in 1989. She later said she felt  violated  by the experience. The incident did come up in the divorce proceedings transcripts and was first reported on widely and publicly by former Texas Monthly and former Newsweek reporter Harry Hurt III in his 1993 book:  Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump. So, what did Mak and Zadrozny do? Bring the old story back up of course.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
15400,WOW! WHAT JOHN KERRY JUST SAID PROVES HIS INABILITY TO BE OUR SECRETARY OF STATE,Unreal! Is he that out of it? It would appear so  ,0
15401,NOT KIDDING: [VIDEO] BOEHNER SELLS AMERICA DOWN THE RIVER WITH STRAIGHT FACE…Cries During Interview About Golf,"Funny how Boehner gets so choked up over the little things, but shows no emotion at all when he s giving Obama and the Democrats the keys to the fundamental transformation of America A promotion is running on The Golf Channel about Speaker of the House Rep. John Boehner (R-OH) appearing on the show  Feherty  on August 3, and Boehner, who has a history of waterworks, gets the tears flowing again. I wanted to make sure that every kid had the same chance I did. An opportunity,  Boehner told former PGA golfer David Feherty, with tears forming in his eyes.The spot also shows Boehner talking about a picture of himself and colleagues, and he told Feherty,  The three of us are talking about how easily we turn to tears. Via: Breitbart News",0
15402,LANGUAGE WARNING BUT SO FUNNY! LISTEN TO TWO BLACK LADIES “STUMP FOR TRUMP”,This is a little racy but pretty funny. ,0
15403,"[VIDEO] OBAMA TELLS HOMETOWN KENYANS: “I’m A Pretty Good President, And If I Ran For A Third Term, I Could Win”","We re not sure what s funnier, the fact that he talks about being a  pretty good president  or that he actually thinks anyone believes him when he says he can t run again because the Constitution prohibits it, saying: the law s the law.  When did this  President  ever let a little thing like the Constitution or the law get in the way of his agenda?",0
15404,"OBAMA’S ARMY: BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORIST SHOUTS, “Burn Everything Down” IN LARGE ACTIVIST MEETING, AS CO-FOUNDER CHEERS [VIDEO]","And why is this person not up on domestic terrorism charges? Can you imagine a white person being caught on camera making such claims in a crowded room of white racists? Lorretta Lynch s DOJ would have already descended on them if the color of their skin was anything but black. We are witnessing something very ugly taking place in America, orchestrated by a man the majority of Americans voted for as their two-term president, because they actually believed he would make our country even better In rarely seen angle on the Black Lives Matter mob takeover of a NetRoots Nation Presidential Town Hall last weekend in Phoenix, Arizona, activists from the group scream explicit calls for violence and chaos, using an Occupy Wall Street style call-and-response technique to advocate  burn everything down,   shut this shit down,  and  rise the f*ck up. By the way, it s worth mentioning that spineless, pandering Democrat presidential candidate Martin O Malley was on the stage witnessing this whole scene unfold. Does anyone remember O Malley apologizing to the crowd following this event for having the audacity to say:  All lives matter ?The shouted manifesto lays bare the theory behind the burning, looting, and rioting that have transpired in recent months in Baltimore and Ferguson, and it also lays out the group s agenda on current news events like immigration reform, transgender activism, and the fables about the death of convicted criminal Sandra Bland that the group is spreading through the media.The nascent Black Lives Matter movement cannot claim that these statements were made by a few fringe members: the entire rant was orchestrated by Black Lives Matter Founder Patrisee Cullors, who can be seen in the video enthusiastically pumping her fist and shouting along with every incendiary statement.Nor is Black Lives Matter a fringe group; they have been embraced and given fealty by the highest levels of the Democratic power structure. Cullors told a British interviewer,  We re going into halls of power now. Many of us are meeting with mayors or meeting with local government. Some of us have met with President Obama himself to talk about the demands. Ms. Cullors  name appears on White House visitor records.Last week, Breitbart News exposed that convicted cop killer Assata Shakur is one of the heroes of the Black Lives Matter founders. Black Lives Matter pays homage to Cuban exile Shakur and quotes the Communist Manifesto at every single Black Lives Matter event.In one of the only cases of any coverage of the Black Lives Matter shrieks of angry poety at Netroots, CNN glossed over some of the crowd s chants in their reporting, but just as they did with Occupy movement, most of mainstream media has completely ignored the radical and revolutionary agenda revealed in Black Liver Matter s scripted call-and-response at NetRoots Nation. Even though the horde of screamers is surrounded by cameras, there has been no public criticism of Cullors and her folloers shouting  burn everything down,  nor any calls for her to apologize for her group s offensive statements.That media fail is unfortunate, because every American should hear who Black Lives Matter is, what they stand for and what they want, in the group s own words.Guided Transcript of What Black Lives Matter Said The group starts by pointing out that both leftist journalists like CNN s openly gay Don Lemon and mainstream racer baiting Democrats like the Reverend Al Sharpton and Rev. Jesse Jackson are actually too moderate for them:If I die in police custody do not let my parents talk to Don Lemon, Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson or any of the motherfuckers that would destroy my name. Let them know that my sisters got this.Then another activist links the group with the LGBTQ political left. Black Lives Matter was founded by Cullors and two other women who self-identify as queer.The speaker makes reference to being called by  the name I choose, not the name I was given ; a familiar demand for anyone who has followed the recent Bruce  Caitlyn  Jenner controversy.If I die in police custody say my name, say my name  the name that I chose, not the one I was given. If I die in police custody make sure that I m remembered. Make sure my sisters are remembered. Say their names. Say their names. Marsha P. Johnson. [Unintelligible] Say their names! Say that Black Lives Matter! Black Lives Matter!https://youtu.be/raK8kI7oKW0Marsha P. Johnson is name used by Malcolm Michaels, Jr., a New York drag queen who died in 1992 in a death ruled a suicide. Johnson / Michaels was not in police custody.The group then turns to its pro-illegal immigration position. Two of Black Lives Matter s founders head up pro-Illegal alien groups.If I die in ICE custody say I am not a criminal. Stop funding prisons and detention centers! Shut ICE down and (unintelligible) jails and our prisons! Not one more deportation!The line about ending all deportations got huge applause and cheers from the Netroots.The group then begins to turn their screeched narrative into an emotional and paranoid attack on white people. In strident language, they shout their fear that  white supremacy  wants to kill black Americans en masse.If I die in police custody, know your silence helped kill me. White sumprecacy helped kill me. And my child is parentless now.If I die in police custody know that I want to live! We want to live! We fight to live! Black lives matter! All black lives matter!Then the mob makes a thinly veiled reference to Sandra Bland, a woman whose death the group has been exploiting and spreading false information and conspiracy theories about for several weeks.Bland s death in jail after she was arrested for assaulting a police officer was ruled a suicide, and an autopsy confirmed that suicide finding with physical evidence. The autopsy also revealed that Bland had a large amount of marijuana in her system.Additionally, Bland had made a previous suicide attempt, had spoken about depression in a video she d posted on social and during intake at the jail had written herself that she was  very depressed  that day. Further, Bland had had at least ten prior run-ins with law enforcement that had resulted in numerous conviction and over $7,500 in outstanding fines.Despite the mountain of evidence about Sandra Bland s sad history, the Black Lives Matter movement has continued to push the idea that Bland was an activist who was the victim of murder by the police. They push this narrative at Netroots with a series of calls to violent action:If I die in police custody don t believe the hype, I was murdered! Protect my family! Indict the system! Shut that shit down!If I die in police custody. Avenge my death! By any means necessary!If I die in police custody burn everything down! Because no building is worth more than my life! And that s the only way motherfuckers like you listen!If I die in police custody make sure I m the last person to die in police custody by any means necessary!If I die in police custody do not hold a moment of silence for me! Rise the fuck up! Because your silence is killing us!At this point, the group is interrupted by Netroots Nation official.As National Journal reported in a story that mentions none of these calls to violent action Netroots Nation itself announced plans to work with Black Lives Matter.For its part, Netroots declined to criticize the protest.  Although we wish the candidates had more time to respond to the issues, what happened today is reflective of an urgent moment that America is facing today,  the group said in a statement.  In 2016, we re heading to St. Louis. We plan to work with activists there just as we did in Phoenix with local leaders, including the #BlackLivesMatter movement, to amplify issues like racial profiling and police brutality in a major way. As the old song goes, see you in St. Louis. Bring a fire extinguisher.Via: Breitbart News",0
15405,IRONY: Only Political Party With Black Presidential Candidate Is Threatened By #BlackLivesMatter Co-Founder (Not George Soros),"Who knew the radical leftist #BlackLivesMatter activists had a co-founder?Who knew the only political party with a black Presidential candidate would be the target of the radical black left?Cullors was asked by guest co-host Janet Mock what her plan was for Republican candidates, specifically Jeb Bush, for calling  black lives matter  a  slogan. Cullors replied,  Trust and believe that any opportunity we have to shut down a Republican convention, we will. We will make sure that our voices are made loud and clear. Via: Breitbart News",0
15406,OBAMA IGNORES PLANNED PARENTHOOD BABY PARTS HARVESTER STORY…His DOJ Goes After Whistleblower Group Who Exposed Them,"Justice the Obama way Instead of investigating whether Planned Parenthood illegally trafficked baby body parts, Obama s DOJ is targeting the group behind the undercover videosThe U.S. Department of Justice announced plans to investigate the group that produced undercover videos showing Planned Parenthood employees admitting that they harvest and sell organs ripped from the bodies aborted babies. Politico reported the news of the coming DOJ investigation earlier today:JUSTICE TO PROBE CENTER FOR MEDICAL PROGRESS   While congressional committees investigate Planned Parenthood s practices, the Justice Department agreed to look into whether the group that released the sting videos obtained the footage legally. In response to a request by House Democrats, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday afternoon that Justice would  review all of the information and determine what the appropriate steps moving forward would be.  Planned Parenthood has staunchly defended its practices and claims that the Center for Medical Progress illegally obtained its footage, then excessively edited it to misrepresent what the organization does. The DOJ investigation of the Center for Medical Progress, which, unlike Planned Parenthood, is not in the business of killing healthy, viable unborn babies in order to sell their organs for cash, was announced after several Democratic lawmakers called for the organization to be targeted:Four Democrats in Congress   Reps. Jan Schakowsky, Zoe Lofgren, Jerry Nadler, and Yvette Clarke   have written to Attorney General Loretta Lynch and California Attorney General Kamala Harris, asking them to open investigations into the Center for Medical Progress. The Democrats say the videos were filmed as part of an  elaborate scheme    using  fake identification  and without the approval of the Planned Parenthood doctor who appears in them. It s interesting that Lynch decided so early to make a statement about the group. There are certainly more videos to come, and if Planned Parenthood s panicked press releases are any indication, the footage may be far more damaging than anything that s been revealed thus far. However, given the abject politicization of multiple agencies under Obama s command   including the Internal Revenue Service, which targeted conservative non-profits, and the DOJ, which has been hesitant to investigate Obama allies   it seems unlikely that Lynch and those who report to her will ever crack down on Abortion, Inc.Via: The Federalist",0
15407,DEMOCRAT PLAN TO INFILTRATE TRADITIONALLY RED STATES IS WORKING: Virginia Sees Remarkable Mass Immigration…Next Up Texas and Georgia,"The fundamental transformation of America El Salvador is the top country of birth for immigrants to Virginia.  Indeed, the Migration Policy Institute found that from 2000 to 2008 Virginia saw its Salvadorian immigrant population grow by 13,000 persons. With it, this migration has brought the arrival of the feared Salvadorian gang, Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13.A remarkable transformation is underway in the Commonwealth of Virginia.The birthplace and final resting place of George Washington, James Madison, Thomas Jefferson and once one of the most reliably-red of red states is being rapidly turned into a progressive stronghold.These changes are not the result of an inside agency, or a natural evolution in political thinking, but rather the result of one of the most impactful yet least-discussed policies of the federal government.Each year the federal government prints millions of visas and distributes these admission tickets to the poorest and least-developed nations in the world.A middle-aged person living in parts of Virginia today will have witnessed more demographic change in the span of her life than many societies have experienced in millennia.A census study entitled  Immigrants in Virginia,  released by University of Virginia (UVA) researchers, documented the phenomenon:  Until 1970, only 1 in 100 Virginians was born outside of the United States; by 2012, 1 in every 9 Virginians is foreign-born. Fairfax Connection, a community newspaper, offered more detail:In the span of one generation, Fairfax County has seen an explosion in its immigrant population. In 1970, more than 93 percent of Fairfax County s population was white and middle-class. In the fall of 1970, a white 6-year-old child beginning elementary school in one of the county s developing towns  could look to his left, or look to his right, and see a classroom full of children who, at least 90 percent of the time, looked like him and who spoke English. By 2010, a child entering elementary school in Fairfax County would almost certainly encounter a classmate who did not speak English as a primary language, and whose parents or grandparents immigrated from places such as Vietnam, India, Korea or a country in Africa.UVA s report explains that more than three out of four of Virginia immigrants (77 percent) are coming from either Latin America or Asia immigration from Europe, the report writes,  lag[s] far behind  representing only 10 percent of Virginia s immigrant population. This is consistent with trends nationwide. According to the 2013 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Immigration Yearbook, only 8.7 percent of green cards issued by the federal government went to immigrants born in Europe, a product of immigration changes pushed through by Ted Kennedy in 1965.DHS  yearbook, however, does not provide information on parental nativity  in other words, it doesn t say whether an immigrant from the United Kingdom may be the child of Saudi parents.Additionally, according to DHS, of those refugees issued admissions slips into the United States, 75 percent came from four countries  Iraq, Burma, Somalia and Bhutan  while another 15 percent came from Iran, Sudan, Ethiopia, Eritrea and the Dominican Republic.Large numbers of these settlers handpicked by the federal government have come to Virginia. A 2011 article from The Washington Post explains:  Soaring number of Hispanics and Asians pushed Virginia s population over 8 million in the past decade. Statewide the number of Hispanics almost doubled to 632,000. Hispanics now make up 8 percent of Virginia residents.  The Post continues,  The state s Asian population also took off, climbing by 68 percent in 10 years. The Post notes that,  as recently as 1990, non-Hispanic whites made up 76 percent of the state s residents. A decade later, their numbers had fallen to 70 percent, and [in 2010], they accounted for less than two-thirds of the state s residents. Because these newcomers to Virginia have largely been invited into the country with green cards or other visas, they can collect public benefits, fill any job, rely on federal retirement programs, and become naturalized voting citizens.Year after year, the United States continues its annual dispensation of one million plus new green cards, the admission of one million foreign workers, refugees and dependents, and the importation of half a million foreign youths sought by college administrators.One in four U.S. residents is either an immigrant himself or has immigrant parents. The Census Bureau projects that the U.S. will add another 14 million immigrants over the following ten years if green card programs aren t slashed, pushing the U.S. past all documented historical immigration records in terms of immigrant to population ratio. When a high point was hit last century, then-President Calvin Coolidge hit the pause button for roughly fifty years  producing an era of explosive wage growth. That pause continued until Ted Kennedy ushered in legislation that granted millions of immigration visas to the entire world.The steady gusher of visas happens silently and with little media recognition, yet its effects are more permanent and transformative than many of the most far-reaching foreign policy accords.In 2012, the Richmond Times Dispatch highlighted the political effects of issuing visas to so many migrants from outside the Western World:  The population shift, most notably in Northern Virginia, is changing the state s educational, political and social landscape. The Times Dispatch continues,  Virginia s demographic changes have also transformed political leanings in the state that, before President Barack Obama s win of electoral votes in 2008, had not backed a Democratic presidential candidate since 1964. The blue-ing of Virginia brought about by continued immigration is not calculated only by measuring the voting habits of immigrants themselves, but is multiplied outward through the voting habits of immigrants  children and grandchildren. As the Times Dispatch notes:  Not all minority voters are foreign-born, of course, but many have participated in the changing political landscape.  The increase in the minority vote share stems from immigration itself:  Many immigrants come to the U.S. between the ages of 25 and 44, during the prime of their careers, and are more likely to have families here.  The results, per the Times Dispatch, are striking:  During the 2012 presidential election, when 71 percent of the state s voters went to the polls, two-thirds of Hispanic and Asian voters backed Obama. Obama carried 93 percent of the black vote, 64 percent of the Hispanic vote and 66 percent of the Asian vote, according to exit polls reported by The New York Times. Under current U.S. policy, any child born to an immigrant is guaranteed U.S. citizenship and voting rights. UVA researchers found that,  among children of immigrants, 96 percent are U.S. citizens, either by birth or through naturalization.  In today s Virginia,  almost a fifth of native-born children under the age of 18 have at least one foreign-born parent. As Reuters reported in a recent article on U.S. visa policies:  Immigrants favor Democratic candidates and liberal policies by a wide margin, surveys show, and they have moved formerly competitive states like Illinois firmly into the Democratic column and could turn Republican strongholds like Georgia and Texas into battlegrounds in the years to come. A 2014 report authored by University of Maryland professor James Gimpel, similarly found that,  the enormous flow of legal immigrants in to the country   29.5 million 1980 to 2012   has remade and continues to remake the nation s electorate in favor of the Democratic Party. The report cites a 2012 study conducted by YouGov that,  gauged the partisan preferences of over 2,900 naturalized immigrants, finding 62.5 percent to be Democratic identifiers, 24.6 percent Republican, and 12.9 percent independent. Examining the data in this study led Washington Examiner columnist Byron York to conclude:  The bottom line is that more immigration favors Democrats; there is no prediction of Democratic electoral ascendancy that doesn t rely on demographic factors as the main engine of the party s dominance. Yet the effects, national and local media have observed, are not limited to electoral patterns.Crime patterns have changed markedly as well.Today, according to the Migration Policy Institute,  about one-fifth of the total population of El Salvador  resides in the United States. The Associated Press reports that,  El Salvador is the top country of birth for immigrants to Virginia.  Indeed, the Migration Policy Institute found that from 2000 to 2008 Virginia saw its Salvadorian immigrant population grow by 13,000 persons. With it, this migration has brought the arrival of the feared Salvadorian gang, Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13.As The Washington Post reported in 2011:  Controlled by ringleaders or  big homies  imprisoned in El Salvador or at large in Central America or Mexico, MS-13  cliques  with such names as the Sailors, Normandy, Peajes, Uniones and Fultons collaborate across the District, Maryland and Virginia. The Post explains that presence of the Salvadorian gang has become so problematic in the Commonwealth that federal officials have been forced to engage in  a targeted, sustained effort to dismantle MS-13 and other violent gangs that threaten our neighborhoods.  Describing one of the gangland slayings, The Post documents how,  Victims included a 14-year-old boy, Giovanni Sanchez, who was stabbed to death and left in the street. Last year, The Washington Post reported:  [A]rmed with two machetes and a sawed-off shotgun, MS-13 gang members allegedly set off in a car  to carry out an assassination at a location as brazen as it was chilling: a Prince William County school. Virginia has become a study in contrasts. The attempted assassination at Prince William County school is only a two-and-a-half hour drive from Colonial Williamsburg, where themed actors create a living museum to throngs of tourists.Each year, the U.S. issues more green cards than the collective population of the 13 colonies the year Virginia s Patrick Henry was born. In a single year, the U.S. will issue five times more green cards than there are members of Daughters of the American Revolution.America s visa programs have also impacted the fiscal landscape as well.As Manhattan Institute Scholar Heather Mac Donald observed in 2005:  The foreign-born Hispanic welfare rate was nearly three times that of native-born whites.  This trend continues for the children of immigrants as well:  Native-born Hispanics collected welfare at over twice the rate as native-born whites.  Washington Post columnist Robert Samuelson reported that from 1990 to 2004:  The number of Hispanics with incomes below the government s poverty line [rose] 52 percent; that [represents] almost all (92 percent) of the increase in poor people  Among children, disparities are greater. Over the same period, Hispanic children in poverty [rose] 43 percent; meanwhile, the numbers of black and non-Hispanic white children in poverty declined 16.9 percent and 18.5 percent, respectively. The federal government s policy of resettling poor foreign populations in U.S. communities has presented substantial challenges for educators as well. As the Washington Post reported in 2012 about Fairfax County,  31,5000 students are projected to enroll in English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL), representing 17 percent of the total county student population and an increase of nearly one-third from last year [2011]. Those numbers have profound implications for the schools system  with 7,652 new students in ESOL this year, that represents an additional $25.3 million. A Washington Post article from last year examining Fairfax county kindergarteners noted,  The white student population is receding and is being replaced with fast-growing numbers of poor students and children of immigrants for whom English is a second language  The demographic changes in Fairfax are likely to have long-term implications for the school system  Schools officials believe that the challenges that come with a less-affluent and less-prepared population will exacerbate the system s struggles with a widening achievement gap for minorities and ballooning class sizes. The Post notes that these changes extend into neighboring Maryland as well:  School systems across the region have experienced rapid increases in the number of Hispanic students as well as the number of pupils who qualify for subsidized meals. In Montgomery County, more than 35 percent of students receive free or reduced-priced meals, compared with 22 percent in 2000. Poor students now account for 68 percent of the kindergarten class in Prince George s County, and 3 in 10 kindergartners this year received additional English instruction. The Post continues:  Elementary school teachers say they spend an increasing amount of their time on remedial education  Grace Choi, a kindergarten language teacher at London Towne [Elementary], said children from poor families often arrive for the first day of school not knowing the alphabet, a standard lesson in preschool. Many cannot differentiate animal words such as cat, lion and cheetah or food words such as potato, eggs and tomato.  The things you think are a given, they don t know,  Choi said. As one school board member told The Post,  We are required to educate their children, and we want to. But there is a cost  There is a cost to having these children in the system. Economist Christine Chmura told the Richmond Times Dispatch that,  some members of Virginia s increasing immigrant population come from a culture in which college education is not encouraged.  In particular, I m referring to the Hispanic population  [Chmura] said.  From this perspective, an increase in immigrants in the state could decrease our educational attainment levels, which has been one of our competitive advantages over other states. While the influence of conservative voters in the Commonwealth continues to diminish, it is ironically Republican officials in Virginia who have led the push to resettle even larger numbers of immigrants inside the state. Former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, for instance, in the months before his titanic fall from power, engineered the effort to provide more labor to Virginia employers through foreign worker visas.Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA), Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, has proposed two bills that would add substantially to the millions of foreign visas already annually distributed by the United States. One of those bills, the SKILLS Visa Act, would increase foreign worker visas for technology corporations. The other bill, the Agricultural Guestworker  AG  Act, would increase foreign worker visas issued to food manufacturers who wield substantial influence within the modern Republican Party. Since Goodlatte s foreign workers would arrive on visas, Republican donors who own businesses would be able to legally replace Americans workers with these newcomers.The Washington Post reports the effects of the visas policies supported by Goodlatte in his own district:  Immigrants are a fast-growing part of the landscape and workforce from the Mexicans who pick apples and process poultry to the Indians who work in high-tech and medical fields  Leader s of the state s $3.8 billion poultry industry say they favor immigration reform .  Immigration reform,  as used by The Washington Post in this context, refers to adding greater and greater numbers of foreign workers to the labor pool in a manner employers hope will reduce wages.UVA researchers found that more than one in seven people in Virginia s workforce are foreign-born, and positions in the workforce are more likely to go to them than those born in the state:Labor force participation for natives is at about 65 percent in comparison to more than 73 percent for the foreign-born  A large number of foreign-born workers are employed as computer software engineers, managers, cashiers, accountants and auditors, and retail salespersons, making these highly common occupations for immigrants.The impact mass visa admissions has had on job opportunities for Virginia workers is representative of nationwide trends. For instance, according to a report from the Center for Immigration Studies, all net jobs created in the United States from 2000-2014 went to immigrants. In a state where recent races have been decided by razor-thin margins, and where Democrats have relied heavily on pulling huge numbers from the black vote, the addition of so many new voters from post-1970 immigration was keenly felt in the recent governor s race. Following Democratic Gov. Terry McAullife s rise to oldest occupied Executive Mansion in the country, The Atlantic wrote:Terry McAuliffe s narrow win Tuesday to become governor of Virginia was the result of the changing and growing population of Northern Virginia. It was also the product of an electorate just as diverse though not as large as the ones that twice elected Barack Obama  McAuliffe won even though 56 percent of white non-Hispanic voters voted for Republican Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, according to exit polls, thanks to the strength of McAuliffe s support among Latinos and Asians. Together, those two demographic groups contributed more than 50,000 more votes to McAuliffe than to Cuccinelli That s enormously significant, considering that McAuliffe only won by 55,220 votes.The Atlantic continued,  With McAuliffe s victory, Virginia can now be looked at as  sort of a purple state leaning blue,  said [Ruy] Teixeira, co-author of 2002 s The Emerging Democratic Majority. That book predicted that changes in the demographics of the electorate would ultimately swing red states into the blue column; those shifts took some time to show up, but now that they are here they show little sign of abating. In fact, Senator Sen. Marco Rubio, a favorite politician of both media and donors, partnered with Arizona s Sen. John McCain and New York s Chuck Schumer on their proposal to triple green cards. There are currently more than 30 million permanent immigrants inside the U.S who are here on green cards or have already converted their green cards into citizenship: the Gang of Eight s program would have added another 30 million green card holders in the span of one decade. In interviews, Rubio described these immigration expansions euphemistically. He told Rush Limbaugh in 2013 that  our legal immigration system needs to be reformed.  He told Mark Levin in 2013 that  legal immigration is good for America.  He told Sean Hannity in 2014 that he wanted to  modernize our immigration system.  Rubio did not tell Limbaugh, Levin, or Hannity that he wanted to permanently resettle more than 30 million foreign citizens inside the United States within one decade. Rubio was not asked why waves of unskilled immigration from poor countries like El Salvador would be  good for America  as long as these intending migrants were printed green cards on their way into the United States.Rubio has never wavered or altered his stand for exploding net immigration levels. In fact, Rubio recently introduced legislation known as the Immigration Innovation Act   or I-Squared   which would triple wage-depressing H-1B visas and remove university green card caps. The latter Rubio policy would take the current existing policy of importing 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East, and grow it significantly.Via: Breitbart News",0
15408,(VIDEO) CHICAGO THUG PRESIDENT GOES AFTER TRUMP FOR “OUTRAGEOUS ATTACKS”,"REMEMBER THIS?  If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun. yep, that was Obama speaking to an audience in Philadelphia   Oh wait, we ve got more   I want you to argue with them, get in their face  YET OBAMA HAD THIS TO SAY ABOUT TRUMP:  In fact it s been interesting when you look at what s happening with Mr. Trump when he has made some of the remarks that, for example, challenge the heroism of Mr. McCain, someone who endured torture and conducted himself with exemplary patriotism. Uh. The Republican party is shocked and yet that arises out of a culture where those kind of outrageous attacks have become far too commonplace and get circulated nonstop through the internet, and talk radio and news outlets. And, I recognize that when outrageous statements are made about me, a lot of the same people who were outraged when they were made about Mr. McCain were pretty quiet.  Via: GP",0
15409,(VIDEO) DESPERATION? CLINTON CAMPAIGN PANDERS TO RADICAL BLACK GROUPS," I come too faaaar    DOES THIS PANDER COME WITH A FAKE BLACK ACCENT? Over the weekend, Clinton s black outreach director, LaDavia Drane, attended the Movement for Black Lives convention in Cleveland. That visit marked the campaign s first outreach to the movement, which has seen even wider press coverage in the past week after activists disrupted a presidential forum at Netroots Nation.Do we really want another president who listens to people like Al Sharpton?That protest has been fresh in the minds of presidential campaigns and many of the at least 1,300 attendees   according to organizers   at the weekend s convention.A Clinton campaign official on Saturday confirmed to BuzzFeed News that Drane  had one-on-one meetings and group listening sessions to engage stakeholders including ministers, community organizers, elected officials, and other individuals in Cleveland for the Movement for Black Lives.  An Ohio native, Drane engaged people inside the movement and listened to a range of suggestions related to Clinton s outreach, as well as policy recommendations, the official said. We will continue to engage a wide array of stakeholders, including members of the black lives matter movement, when crafting policy on important issues like reforming our criminal justice system,  the official said. READ MORE: BUZZFEED",0
15410,(VIDEO) AMAZING! TED CRUZ GETS CODE PINK TO SHUT UP AND LISTEN ON IRAN NUKE DEAL,Amazing! Ted Cruz does a beautiful job of getting Code Pink to zip it! ,0
15411,"(VIDEO) MICHELLE OBAMA GIVES AWKWARD RANT: You know, You know… Barack ‘works all the time,’ ‘he is never off’",What in the world is she thinking? She says this two weeks before another Martha s Vineyard vacation. ,0
15412,(Video) Obama in Africa: I’m Proud To Be First Kenyan-American President,Is he smoking something? He chuckles as he says this knowing it will upset many Americans. ,0
15413,SHE’S BAAACK AND THIS TIME TOMI LAHREN DESTROYS OBAMA AND ISLAMIC EXTREMISM," America is facing an enemy, and its name is radical Islam. A real leader would be able to call the enemy by its name. Sadly, we don t have one in the White House.  ",0
15414,LEFTIST DES MOINES REGISTER TELLS DONALD TO DROP OUT OF RACE…TRUMP DENIES THEM PRESS PASSES TO EVENT…Forces Them Sit With Packed Crowd Of Supporters,"The leftist propaganda press is finally getting what they ve had coming to them for a l-o-n-g time On Tuesday the Des Moines Register, Iowa s largest and most liberal paper, called on Donald Trump to  pull the plug on his bloviating side show  and get out of the race for president.Donald Trump filled an auditorium and over-flow room in Oskaloosa, Iowa today.On Friday the Trump Campaign told the Register they will not be allowed into his event Saturday in Oskaloosa.Trump said Des Moines Register could still attend events, but they'd have to sit in the crowd w/supporters. @DMRegister #IACaucus  Asya Akca (@asyaakca22) July 25, 2015Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15415,(VIDEO) OBAMA DANCES IN KENYA ON THE TAXPAYER’S DIME…AND THE PURPOSE FOR THIS NEAR BILLION DOLLAR TRIP IS WHAT?,"Dining and dancing giving Kenya one billion dollars to boost young entrepreneurs in Africa His agenda in Kenya was focused on economic development, counter-terrorism and human rights. Wouldn t it be great if he really focused on those three issues in the U.S.? This is personal for me,  Mr. Obama said.  There s a reason why my name s Barack Hussein Obama. My father comes from these parts. The president said Africa s economic growth will depend on young dreamers with ideas. Entrepreneurship offers a positive alternative to the ideologies of violence and division that can all too often fill the void when young people don t see a future for themselves,  Mr. Obama said. READ MORE: CBSNEWS",0
15416,HEY SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS FANS: CHECK OUT THE SHOCKING VIDEO OF SOCIALISM IN VENEZUELA,Bernie Sanders is a self described socialist NOT an Independent  but a Socialist. He believes in the socialist state. Check out Venezuela and tell me you still want this:  Via: liveleak,0
15417,(Video) Judge Jeanine: You Can’t Trust Hillary So Why Even Think About Voting for the Woman?,"Once again, a great opening statement from Judge Jeanine nails it! ",0
15418,(VIDEO) PACKED HOUSE: DONALD TRUMP’S SPEECH FROM TODAY’S IOWA RALLY,This guy is just priceless you have to give him credit for his honesty and boldness. ,0
15419,YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHO DEFEATED A BILL IN JUNE TO ARM OUR SOLDIERS AT RECRUITING CENTERS AND BASES,"Even though he s a RINO THIS is a shocker! In June, Nevada s Republican Sen. Dean Heller tried to get the Pentagon to change its practice of banning arms from our soldiers on bases and in recruiting centers here in America. Unfortunately for our soldiers, John McCain was the principle foe of the move and helped to defeat the arming of our soldiers, a decision that recently had deadly consequences in Tennessee. Last week Nebraska Senator Dean Heller appeared spoke to radio host Kevin Wall on KKFT AM in Carson City, NV, to talk about his amendment and noted that John McCain himself defeated the move to arm our soldiers.Here is a transcript of what Heller to the radio station: Dean Heller:  So I submitted an amendment in the Department of Defense Authorization bill to allow this to happen. Now this was of course six weeks ago before Chattanooga. And the chairman of the committee wouldn t support it by the way, chairman was John McCain did not want the amendment as part of the bill and wouldn t accept it. Here is what Heller said on his website about the bill: Today, U.S. Senator Dean Heller sent a letter to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Senate and House Armed Services Committees, requesting that National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) conferees include his amendment to give military base commanders the authority to allow service members to carry personal firearms on base for their personal protection and force protection. In June, Senator Heller offered this amendment during the Senate s consideration of the Fiscal Year 2016 NDAA. In addition, Senator Heller introduced stand-alone legislation to address this issue critical to the safety of our nation s service members. John McCain made sure that the Marines who died in Chattanooga and all their brethren would not be able to fire back and save lives when a terrorist attacked. How s THAT from a  war hero ? Granted, even if the amendment had been included in the Pentagon budget bill and passed, it isn t too likely that the change would have been made quickly enough to have allowed the Marines in Tennessee to protect themselves against an ISIS terrorist s rampage. But that isn t the point, here. The point is McCain saw no reason to even allow them to be able to defend themselves. In the terror attacks on the two Chattanooga recruiting facilities we now see just how wrong McCain is.Via: publiusforum",0
15420,"WHILE OBAMA VACATIONS AND HANDS OUT A BILLION DOLLAR GIFT TO KENYANS, IRAN’S AYATOLLAH TWEETS PICTURE OF BARACK WITH GUN TO HIS HEAD","Hey Barry tell us again about what a great deal for America you cut with Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s supreme leader, tweeted a graphic Saturday morning that appears to depict President Barack Obama committing suicide by holding a gun to his head.US president has said he could knock out Iran s military. We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but.. pic.twitter.com/D4Co7fVuVg  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 25, 2015 We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but if any war happens, the one who will emerge loser will be the aggressive and criminal U.S.,  the quote attributed to Khamenei said. Khamenei oftentimes blasts the U.S. and Obama over Twitter, even after the U.S. and other world powers came together to reach a historic nuclear deal with Iran. US is the supporter& plotter of terrorism. #Iran has fought #terrorism, has slapped it,has hit in the head and will continue to do so. #ISIS   Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) May 16, 2015  The term  Great Satan  for US was coined by @IRKhomeini ; when you consider sb or an entity as Satan then it s clear how you should behave.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) June 4, 2015US Govs accuse #Lebanon s #Hezbollah and resistance who are most devoted national defense forces of being terrorists. 1/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US Govs are supporting terrorist, child-killer #Zionist regime. How can we negotiate and agree with such policies? 2/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US pres. said he could knock out Iran s army. Of course we neither welcome, nor begin war, but in case of war, US will leave it disgraced.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015   I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015 Via: The Blaze",0
15421,OOPS! NEW BREAKING POLLS SHOWS DONALD TRUMP IS MORE POPULAR THAN JOHN MCCAIN WITH VETS,"McCain s war hero status is not in question with the American voter, but his service to our nation as a Senator is clearly an issue Donald Trump leads the GOP presidential field again this week, though controversial remarks about Sen. John McCain may have dented his popularity among RepublicansDonald Trump s rise in the Republican contest for the 2016 presidential nomination doesn t appear to have been slowed much   at least not yet   by the recent controversy over his criticisms of Arizona Sen. John McCain s war record last weekend. In fact, although Trump s favorable ratings among Republicans have declined, he is still ahead   and far ahead   when Republicans are asked to choose among the 16 currently announced candidates.In last week s poll, Donald Trump received the highest favorable ratings of any candidate from Republicans, apparently helped by his tough position on illegal immigration. This week, however, Trump s favorable ratings dropped 11 points, and his unfavorable rating has risen 15 points.DONALD TRUMP AND JOHN MCCAINA separate YouGov poll completed Wednesday suggests a reason why the McCain controversy may not have affected Trump as much as some expected. Two out of three Republicans view McCain as a war hero. But fewer say they have a favorable opinion of him. In fact, Republicans in that poll gave both Trump and McCain similar ratings.The differences between the Trump favorable ratings in the Economist/YouGov Poll and the daily poll are not significant.In addition, while a majority of Republicans (54%) think Trump should apologize for this statement about Trump:  He s not a war hero. He s a war hero  cause he was captured. I like people that weren t captured. OK? Perhaps he was a war hero, but now he s said some very bad things about a lot of people.  32% of Republicans believe he doesn t need to apologize. In fact, more Democrats than Republicans want Trump to apologize.Even more striking, veterans and those currently in the military are more likely to have favorable views of Trump than to have favorable views of McCain. 41% say they have favorable views of McCain, while more than half are favorable to Trump.Veterans are divided on whether Trump owes McCain an apology.While a core of Republicans appear to have coalesced around a Trump candidacy, the New York businessman has yet to cross the threshold of being viewed as a likely winner with many Republicans. More than three times as many Republican-identifying registered voters view Bush as the likely Republican nominee than say Trump is that person. 36% call Bush the likely winner, 11% choose Walker, and just 10% name Trump.Via: YouGov US",0
15422,PENTAGON REQUEST DENIED: [Video] ARMED CITIZENS DEFENDING RECRUITMENT CENTERS WON’T STAND DOWN,"Ordinary citizens (many of them are proud veterans) are filling a breach left by our federal government US Navy veteran Tim Keown has been standing guard outside a recruitment center in Kentucky for a week now.Tim made the decision to guard the local recruitment center after an Islamic terrorist murdered five servicemen in Chattanooga last week. Keown also helped organize other armed guards at recruitment centers across the country.Citizen guards protect a recruitment office after the Chattanooga terrorist attack.The Pentagon released a statement on Friday asking citizens not to stand guard at the unprotected recruiting offices. But the Pentagon has no plans on changing policy that forbids servicemen and women from carrying weapons at the centers. Evidently, five dead servicemen is not enough to force change in Pentagon policy.Tim Keown says his group will remain outside the recruitment offices until the US soldiers and Marines are protected: If our government is not going to protect these men and women, who is?  Who s going to protect these gentlemen and women if we don t?  All I m asking is why can t recruiters arm themselves and protect themselves? Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15423,LOVE HIM OR HATE HIM…HERE ARE 7 WAYS TRUMP HELPS THE SPINELESS GOP,"The GOP doesn t know it yet, but they need Trump more than he needs them Donald Trump will not be the Republican presidential nominee in 2016. He does not have the infrastructure, he does not have the organization, he does not have the discipline. So why are so many Republican ThoughtLeaders intent on casting him from the race like a leper?Why does Senator Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) say that Trump should be  disqualified  from the race? Why does Governor Rick Perry (R-TX) say that Trump is a  cancer on conservatism  that must be  discarded,  a  barking carnival act ? Why does Senator Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) deride Trump s supporters as  crazies,  while the rest of the Republican establishment nods silently?Is any of this smart?The answer, of course, is no. Alienating Trump s voting base will lead Trump to run third party, destroying any opportunity for Republicans to beat Hillary Clinton. Establishment characters calling curses from the heavens down upon Trump grants him credibility with the same group of conservatives who believe that establishment attacks are a badge of honor. If those conservatives feel Trump is treated unfairly, it will widen the gap between the donors in the Republican Party and the base of the Republican Party.Republicans should, instead, see Trump s presence in the race as a grand opportunity. That s because it is an opportunity. Here are seven reasons why:Trump Is A Stalking Horse. Let s imagine that you could design a candidate who would draw nearly 100% of the media attention at the beginning of a race, long before polls mattered or primaries were scheduled to take place. Let s also imagine that this candidate had no real shot at winning any of those primaries, and that the candidate would eventually either blow himself out or fade away after the curiosity factor worked its way through the public system. Wouldn t you, as a rival candidate, beg for such a candidate to enter the race? After all, it would give you the ability to raise money quietly, do grassroots work without media scrutiny; it would force the media to lavish its attention on your rivals across the political aisle while spending their focus on this Big Name Candidate. That candidate is Trump. According to polls from Colorado, Iowa, and Virginia this week, Hillary Clinton loses to Rubio, Governor Scott Walker (R-WI), and former Governor Jeb Bush (R-FL). Does that happen if the media spend all their time and effort debunking those three candidates? Or does it happen because the media are so distracted by Trump that the other three get an opportunity to fly under the radar? Barack Obama was able to use Hillary Clinton s high name recognition in 2008 to fly under the radar all the way to the nomination; by the time Hillary tried to define him, it was too late. Other Republicans could do the same here.Trump Generates Attention. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani recently pointed out,  Trump is in that debate, it s going to get three times the audience.  That s exactly right. Primary debates aren t exclusively designed to help Republicans pick their candidate   the debates are also designed to allow future general election voters to get first impressions of the other candidates. The more direct contact between voters and candidates without the filter of the media, the better. Furthermore, Republicans have been caught in the vice of media malpractice when it comes to issues like illegal immigration: the media won t cover such issues unless a Republican makes a mistake, in which case the cameras descend en masse. Trump solves that conundrum: he says outrageous things, the media show up, and the other candidates get a chance to speak rationally on topics the media nearly always ignore. Never underestimate the benefit of someone who can bring busloads of media down to Laredo, Texas just to listen to him talk.Trump Draws Contrast With Other Candidates. So, you don t like Trump. Then you should love Trump in the race, given that he offers the greatest opportunity to his rivals to draw a contrast. Senator Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) is charmless and vanilla as a politician   and even he has become likeable in response to Trump. If Governor Rick Perry (R-TX) seeks to become a beloved figure in mainstream media circles, all he has to do is continue to attack Trump. If Jeb Bush doesn t like Trump s position on immigration, Trump provides him a painless opportunity for a Sister Souljah moment. Free debate is the essence of primary season. Embrace it, or fall to the power of Trump.Trump Attacks The Media. In 2012, Newt Gingrich played the designated anti-media attack dog. He did it well, and he did it effectively: it moved him to the top of the polls. Trump does the same now. He has rhetorically punched members of the media ranging from CNN s Anderson Cooper to MSNBC and Telemundo s Jose Diaz Balart. He seems uncowed by media pressure   in fact, he embraces it. Were Trump not attacking the media, someone else would have to do it. Thankfully, other Republicans like Carly Fiorina have jumped on the anti-media bandwagon, and are punching just as effectively   or even more effectively   than The Donald.Trump Channels Anger. Republicans seem pathologically fearful of the anger of their base. Taught by the media that  angry white men  cannot fuel a party, they instead insist that they will out-compassion the left, a foolhardy proposition given that the left s only calling card is compassion. Never mind that the left has consistently fueled its campaigns with rage against George W. Bush,  white privilege,  sexism, and other built-up monsters. The right has internalized criticisms that it must never humor the justified anger of its base. Not Trump. Trump embraces the feeling of frustration from the base, and does so in unapologetic fashion. That unapologetic nature is attractive to conservatives who feel as though they have elected Republicans, then watched those same Republicans surrender again and again. Other Republicans should watch Trump s outrage-channeling and take notes.Trump Doesn t Buy Into Foolish Demographic Arguments. For years, the establishment Republicans have been telling the base to shut up on immigration; if they don t, the argument goes, then Hispanics will vote heavily Democrat, shutting Republicans out of political power. Immediately after the 2012 election, for example, Charles Krauthammer wrote,  They should be a natural Republican constituency: striving immigrant community, religious, Catholic, family-oriented and socially conservative (on abortion, for example). The principle reason they go Democratic is the issue of illegal immigrants.  This is nonsense. Hispanic immigrants lean heavily left on most major issues. More importantly, running from the immigration issue, and thereby alienating the Republican base, doesn t move Republicans closer to victory: Mitt Romney could have won 69 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2012 and still have lost. Romney lost not because Hispanics didn t vote his way, but because white turnout was too low, and because he didn t drive outsized turnout from Evangelical Christians, among others. As Sean Trende of RealClearPolitics told Politico today,  Certainly the GOP shouldn t be antagonistic to Hispanics, but the big question is how much outreach should they do before they start to turn off working-class white voters. Because from an Electoral College numbers perspective, the net gain in embracing some form of immigration reform just isn t there. Trump Doesn t Suck Money Out Of The Race. For all the talk of Trump as a distraction, he certainly doesn t suck money out of the Republican race: in his last FEC filing, filed last week, Trump had drawn just over 60 donors. He s self-funding.Trump is doing a lot of good for the Republican Party in terms of exposure, media misdirection, and issue-raising; he s firing up the base, allowing his opponents to draw contrasts with him, and he s doing it all without tapping out those who want to give cash. If Republicans can t beat him, what chance do they have of touching Hillary Clinton? They ought to stop whining and start taking notes   or at least making hay while the media sun shines on The Donald.Via: Ben Shapiro   Brietbart News",0
15424,(VIDEO) ANTI-TERROR EXPERT WARNS OF RISK IN CLOSING GITMO AFTER TWO FORMER DETAINEES ARRESTED,"As Obama pushes to close GITMO, two former detainees are arrested in Belgium. Once again, Obama puts the safety of Americans second to his political agenda and legacy. ",0
15425,[Video] DUCK DYNASTY’S WILLIE ROBERTSON LOVES DONALD TRUMP AND HERE’S WHY…,Willie s support should come as no surprise to fans of Duck Dynasty. He s a business man who doesn t mince words or worry about what others think sound familiar?,0
15426,BREAKING: IT TURNS OUT BOWE AND B.O. HAVE SOMETHING ELSE IN COMMON [Video],"Besides being a muslim terrorist sympathizer, it appears Bowe and B.O. have something else in common Why is this guy (who is still considered  active duty ) free to roam around while he awaits his trial? Has everyone forgotten the lives of 6 brave Army members were lost searching for this idiot? Additionally, gave 5 terrorists back in a deal to get this traitor back on U.S. soil, and we release him into the general public? Who s got time for remorse? It s party time for Bowe!Here are the 6 soldiers that were killed looking for Bergdahl: Here are the 5 Taliban terrorists we released in order to obtain Bergdahl:Bowe Bergdahl was detained as part of the raid but was not arrested. He was subsequently delivered to the Army in Oakland by Sheriff s personnel.Army deserter Bowe Bergdahl was caught this week at a northern California pot farm during a raid last weekend. The Politico reported:https://youtu.be/1duRQb1khkEArmy Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was seen at a Northern California marijuana farm during a raid last weekend, where the former captive of the Taliban-linked Haqqani network in Afghanistan was reportedly visiting friends.According to the initial report from The Anderson Valley Advertiser, Bergdahl was an  unexpected visitor  at the Mendocino County farm, which is approximately 120 miles up the coast from San Francisco. He had  no connection to the dope grow,  according to that report.Authorities from the county sheriff s department confirmed to NBC Bay Area that Bergdahl did not face any charges and was not arrested during the raid.The initial report from the Advertiser said that military officials were notified, quoting county sheriff Tom Allman who said that Bergdahl was not involved in the growing of marijuana and was  above politeness,  showing his military ID as others in the house were being arrested. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
15427,(VIDEO) HYSTERICAL SLAP DOWN OF MSNBC REPORTER BY DONALD TRUMP," NO, NO. YOU RE FINISHED  ",0
15428,(Video) Breaking: Hillary Clinton Is Facing A Possible Criminal Probe,Potentially classified e-mails? ,0
15429,(VIDEO) RACIST HILLARY CLINTON SPOUTS RIDICULOUS STEREOTYPE PANDERING TO BLACKS,Hillary pandering to the Black Lives Matter crowd is just embarrassing! A black guy with a hoodie makes white people afraid? Get a grip! Americans are so done with the divisive rhetoric coming from people like Clinton. ,0
15430,BOMBSHELL: Frustrated Outgoing Army General Says Obama’s Military Cuts Making Enemies More Emboldened…Iraq Didn’t Need To Collapse [VIDEO],"Outgoing Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno also said the rise of ISIS could have been stopped if Obama didn t pull out troops from IraqOdierno said in an interview with Fox News published Wednesday that it s very hard to watch Iraq implode at the hands of ISIS after the gains that were made during the Iraq War. It s frustrating to watch it,  Odierno said.  I go back to the work we did in 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 and we got it to a place that was really good. Violence was low, the economy was growing, politics looked like it was heading in the right direction. He contends that if the United States had left more troops in the region, ISIS would not have been able to capture large portions of that country or neighboring Syria. If we had stayed a little more engaged, I think maybe it might have been prevented,  Odierno told Fox News.  I ve always believed the United States played the role of honest broker between all the groups and when we pulled ourselves out, we lost that role. The outgoing Army chief says that he wanted the United States to keep 30,000-35,000 troops in Iraq, but that his recommendation was not followed. I think it would have been good for us to stay,  he said.After Mosul fell to ISIS last year, Odierno says that the White House did not contact him for input, even though he had commanded troops for a longer time there than anyone else. All my work was given to [Joint Chiefs] Chairman [Martin] Dempsey,  Odiernio told Fox News.  I never talked directly to the president about it at that time, but I talked to the secretary of defense and I m sure he relayed all of my thoughts. He said that he is also concerned about the cuts being made to the number of Army troops. In 2010, the Army had 570,000 soldiers and today there are 490,000. In my mind, we don t have the ability to deter. The reason we have a military is to deter conflict and prevent wars. And if people believe we are not big enough to respond, they miscalculate,  Odierno said.Troop levels in the Army are to fall even further, down to 450,000, based on a decision made two years ago. That number will put the Army at the fighting level it had before the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. I believed at the time we could do that,  the outgoing Army chief told Fox News.  But I said we were on the razor s edge that we could actually do our mission at 450. According to Odierno,  Two years ago, we didn t think we had a problem in Europe.   [Now] Russia is reasserting themselves. We didn t think we d have a problem again in Iraq and ISIS has emerged. So, with Russia becoming more of a threat, with ISIS becoming more of a threat, in my mind, we are on a dangerous balancing act right now with capability. When we go to 450, we are going to have to stop doing something,  he added.Odierno contends that the military cuts are making U.S. enemies more brazen. I believe they question whether we will be able to respond, and so they re willing to take maybe a bit more risk than they might have just a few years ago. Odierno said in a separate interview with reporters that he thinks it will take 10 to 20 years to defeat ISIS. Via: NewsMaxHere s a video ISIS made to mock the US Military and warn of their defeat after Obama announced his withdrawal of US troops from Iraq: ",0
15431,BREAKING PHOTOS AND VIDEO: TRUMP AT THE MEXICAN BORDER,TRUMP SAYS THE BORDER PATROL IS  PETRIFIED : ,0
15432,NEWSFLASH FOR OUR IMPERIAL PRESIDENT: STATES CAN REFUSE IRAN DEAL [Video],"As Barack Hussein Obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and John Kerry cut with Iran is somehow beneficial to the United States of America he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.The Obama administration has sent the Iran nuclear deal to Congress for a 60-day review provided by the Corker bill. However, President Barack Obama has pre-empted Congress by going to the UN Security Council first, which has already voted to end international sanctions and accept the deal. Furthermore, even if Congress rejects the deal, it will struggle to muster a two-thirds majority to override the president s veto.There is one effective way, however, that the Iran deal can be rejected: states and local governments can refuse to comply with it.That may come as a surprise. States and local governments do not play much of a role in foreign policy. However, they cannot be forced to implement an international treaty or agreement that is not self-executing i.e. one whose implementation requires new congressional laws.Thanks to the victory at the Supreme Court by then-Texas Solicitor General Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96% in Medell n v. Texas (2008), it is a settled principle in constitutional law that states cannot be forced to comply with international treaties unless Congress has passed statutes giving them effect.The Iran deal stipulates (p. 15):25. If a law at the state or local level in the United States is preventing the implementation of the sanctions lifting as specified in this JCPOA, the United States will take appropriate steps, taking into account all available authorities, with a view to achieving such implementation. The United States will actively encourage officials at the state or local level to take into account the changes in the U.S. policy reflected in the lifting of sanctions under this JCPOA and to refrain from actions inconsistent with this change in policy.The  sanctions  to which the deal refers are the array of divestment laws that have been passed in recent years to prevent pension funds and contractors from providing economic benefits to Iranian companies the Iranian regime. 30 states have passed divestment laws, roughly a dozen have passed contracting restrictions, and some have passed supplemental legislation, such as a 2012 law passed in California that applies to the state s insurance industry.Many of the states that have applied harsh restrictions on Iran, moreover, are liberal  blue  states. New York, for example, maintains a blacklist of persons  determined to be engaged in investment activities in Iran. As the state government explains further:  Once an entity appears on the list, it will be considered a non-responsive bidder/offerer and prohibited from entering into contracts with New York State or local governments.  That includes companies that are not Iranian themselves, but do business with Iran.The Iran deal lifts sanctions on some companies that appear on New York s blacklist. However, the state restrictions remain in force.The Iran deal obligates the federal government to take  appropriate steps  to cancel state and local restrictions, and requires the government to refrain from further sanctions in the future. The truth is that the federal government has no constitutional authority to do so.Divestment laws and contracting restrictions can remain in place at the state and local level until they are superseded by federal statute. The language of the Iran deal itself is not enough to constitute such statutory authority, even if the Iran deal does pass by failure to override Obama s veto.If the states want, they can add new sanctions and restrictions on Iran perhaps to replace those that the federal government is lifting, such as restrictions on Iranian engineers studying nuclear technology at American universities.The Iran deal specifies that Iran will treat  an an imposition of new nuclear-related sanctions, as grounds to cease performing its commitments.  That paragraph (27) deals with federal sanctions, but is written vaguely.That leaves great power in the states  hands to trigger the deal s collapse or force Obama to re-negotiate.Via: Breitbart News",0
15433,HAS THE SELF PROCLAIMED DEFENDER OF FREE SPEECH BANNED DONALD TRUMP FROM HIS CONSERVATIVE NETWORK?,"Who exactly will Gray and Burguiere of Glenn Beck s Blaze see fit to cover? Will they double down on Lindsey Graham? Maybe they plan to focus more on Jeb Bush? No more Trump?Glenn Beck s program with Pat Gray and Stu Burguiere is taking HuffPost s stance on Donald Trump a giant step further   they re going to pretend he doesn t exist. It s the Glenn Beck Program with Pat & Stu, now 100% Trump Free, with 100% Less Trump,  Gray announced on Wednesday s program. I m sick of it,  said Burguiere.  So we re moving on. Can t do another show. Late last week, HuffPost declared that the site was moving the presidential frontrunner to its entertainment pages.Via: Daily Caller",0
15434,(Video) Col. Allen West Explodes Over Iran Deal During Fiery and Emotional Times Square Speech,Ready to take America back! ,0
15435,UPDATE: STILL NO MEDIA COVERAGE AFTER THOUSANDS TOOK TO STREETS IN NYC TO PROTEST OBAMA’S DANGEROUS IRAN DEAL,"Does anyone actually believe it s possible that Barack Hussein Obama is the only person in America (with maybe the exception of Valerie Jarrett) who doesn t see this is a horrible, lopsided and dangerous deal for America?Thousands of demonstrators gathered in Times Square Wednesday evening in protest over the recent landmark nuclear deal with Iran.As CBS2 s Jessica Schneider reported, some 10 thousand are rallying in solidarity with signs and voices raised against the nuclear deal.Protest organizers proclaim:  Washington is prepared to give Iran virtually all that it needs to get to the bomb. To release $150 billion to Iran will result in the expansion of worldwide terror.  Former New York Governor, and Presidential contender, George Pataki joined the chorus of voices urging lawmakers to block the deal. Reject this deal. Protect America. Protect Israel and protect the world from freedom,  Pataki said.The Stop Iran Rally Coalition   which claims to be a bi-partisan group   is also calling out Sen. Charles Schumer, saying he  has the votes as presumptive leader to override this deal .If this deal is not stopped, New York voters will know whom to blame.  Sen. Schumer said in a statement Wednesday that he wasn t ready to make a decision on the deal yet. I ve read the agreement and I m seeking answers to the many questions I have. Before I make a decision, I m going to speak at length with experts on both sides,  the lawmaker said.In Washington, Secretary of State John Kerry led back-to-back, closed-door briefings, trying to sway lawmakers to approve the deal to curb Iran s nuclear program.  We are convinced that the agreement that we have arrived at with world powers is an agreement that will prevent Iran from the potential of securing a nuclear weapon. It will make the region, our friends and allies safer, it will make the world safer,  Kerry said.  And we are convinced that the absence of any viable alternative absolutely underscores that fact.  Meanwhile, Israel s ambassador to the U.S. is fiercely lobbying lawmakers to reject the deal. And Republicans are pledging to do just that.  Because a bad deal threatens the security of the American people, and we re going to do everything possible to stop it,  said Speaker of the House Rep. John Boehner. And many at the rally said more people in the country need to start listening and speaking out as well.  I m very concerned about what our situation is here. Nobody wants this deal to go through and we re hoping that Obama will hear the voice of the American people and we re hoping that Congress will listen to what we have say. And hopefully we can do something about that,  said one protester.  I feel people really don t understand the main issue. To me the main issue is not what happens 10 years from now, but what happens as soon as the sanctions are removed from Iran,  another protester told Schneider.  Which is the main terrorist regime in the world, which spreads terrorism all around the world, which is responsible for the deaths of Americans as well as Israelis.  Several academic, military, and political leaders will speak to the crowd Wednesday night. All of them urge that this is an issue that transcends politics and they re urging Congress to keep sanctions against Iran, even if it means overriding President Barack Obama s likely veto on any legislation against the deal, Schneider reported. Congress has 60 days to approve or reject the deal. The Senate will hold a hearing on the deal Thursday.Via: New York CBS Local",0
15436,"[Video] TRUMP TO CNN’S ANDERSON COOPER “The people don’t trust you, and the people don’t trust the media”","Love him or hate him Trump s speaking up and saying the things conservatives in America have been dying for someone in the Republican party to say. Republicans just want a presidential candidate with a backbone. Is that too much to ask for? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump took a jab at CNN anchor Anderson Cooper during an interview that aired Wednesday, telling him bluntly,  The people don t trust you. Trump grew visibly irritated after Cooper cited a poll that the Republican said he  didn t even know existed.  He also accused the anchor of focusing only on the  negative. I am leading across the board, and then you hit me with this poll that I didn t even see before,  Trump said.  Let me tell you, the people don t trust you and the people don t trust the media. https://youtu.be/114cA3Bm1SA Or politicians,  Cooper replied.Trump argued he was previously covered  accurately  by the media before he got into politics and stories about him were mostly related to finance and business. Those days are over, he said. I find that 60-70 percent of the political media is really, really dishonest,  he said. Via: Blazeh/t mediaite",0
15437,(VIDEO) AWKWARD! HOW TO DESTROY YOUR CELL PHONE WITH LINDSEY GRAHAM,"After Donald Trump gave out Lindsey Graham s cell phone number during a speech, here s the somewhat awkward response from Senator Graham: ",0
15438,(VIDEO) WATCH GOV RICK PERRY SQUIRM AS TRUMP TRAVELS TO TEXAS BORDER TOMORROW,"However you feel about Trump as a candidate for President, he s done more in the past few weeks than most candidates have ever done. The most important think he s done is call attention to our open border with Mexico. It s about time someone REALLY acted on this. It s interesting to watch Rick Perry squirm when talking about the border. If you haven t seen one of the most revealing political videos to expose all talk and no action then the video below is EXHIBIT 1: There are a few select moments in broadcast TV when the production content highlights a very distinct reality   and simultaneously informs the viewership on the absurd construct of political dynamics. Last night Sean Hannity did just that.Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been blasting 2016 GOP candidate Donald Trump over Trump s remarks about illegal alien criminals. Perry s criticism has aided the liberal media s efforts to isolate, ridicule and marginalize Trump.However, using Rick Perry s own Texas border reality, and showing the criminal statistics inherent from Perry s own team, Hannity shows how Donald Trump is right, and Perry is just playing politics. It was one of the best constructed segments Hannity has ever broadcast.The segment begins at 03:35 and runs through 08:12. The most substantial moment comes at 05:35. Watch: DONALD TRUMP WILL VISIT THE BORDER BETWEEN TEXAS AND MEXICO ON THURSDAY:The presidential candidate will arrive in Laredo to meet with a local border patrol union before traveling to the border to address the media. He ll then speak at an event for law enforcement, his campaign said.Trump s camp said representatives from the Border Patrol, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Laredo Police Department, the Drug Enforcement Agency and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives will be invited to the second event. The business mogul has soared to the top of the polls as he s called for tougher immigration policies. Many of his comments have unnerved national GOP figures   including remarks from his campaign launch that America is becoming Mexico s  dumping ground  and that many Mexicans who cross into America illegally are criminals or  rapists. Via: The Hill",0
15439,HEAD OF NATION’S TOP IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY THREATENS Lawlessness In Sanctuary Cities Unless Amnesty Is Passed,"Obama s ICE Director Sarah Saldana is not the only one determined to help Obama fundamentally transform America. In 2013, Border Agents pleaded with Congress to not pass the  Gang of Eight  bill. They warned that passing it would make America less safe. ICE Agents warned:The 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.WE WERE WARNEDU.S. Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, voiced his objections to Sarah Saldana s nomination in 2014 when he submitted the following remarks for the Congressional record on the nomination of Sarah Saldana as Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE): Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Sarah Saldana. Ms. Salda a has been nominated to head the nation s top immigration law enforcement agency, which has been at the epicenter of this administration s refusal to enforce our nation s immigration laws.When asked whether she rejects the President s unlawful action to unilaterally grant legal residence and work permits to 5 million individuals illegally in the country, Ms. Salda a, currently the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, responded  no.  Her answer reflects a remarkable disregard for the rule of law that demonstrates that, if confirmed, she will continue the pattern of lawlessness perpetuated by the President and the political leadership of the Department of Homeland Security.Breitbart News- President Obama s Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) director tells lawmakers that no consequences are planned for sanctuary cities until Congress first passes  comprehensive immigration reform.  Sarah Salda a testified before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on criminal alien violence.After hearing emotional testimony from families torn apart by illegal immigrant murderers, Republican members of Congress grilled two administration witnesses: Leon Rodriquez, Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), and Sarah Salda a, Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Both Rodriquez and Salda a have been tasked with carrying out President Obama s executive amnesty for so-called DREAMers, which includes work permits and medical benefits for low-income illegal aliens funded by citizen taxpayers.Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) repeatedly pressed Salda a on why the Administration was taking no action against sanctuary jurisdictions that refuse to turn over dangerous criminal aliens from their prisons and jails to federal law officers. Salda a replied that Congress would first have to pass  comprehensive immigration reform. Vitter:  This has been going on for years and you still are not prepared to say that there is ever going to be any negative consequence to those [sanctuary] jurisdictions. When is that going to change? Salda a:  I presume when you all address comprehensive immigration reform; perhaps it can be addressed there. Vitter described Salda a s answer as  ridiculous  and kept pressing:  And absent Congress passing that [Senate immigration] bill, that you and the Obama Administration prefer, you don t think right now we can stop sanctuary cities from flaunting federal law? You don t think right now there can be any negative consequences when they do not properly cooperate under existing federal law with immigration enforcement? Salda a gave a muddled reply:  That s what I understand that all of you are working on. Ironically, an immigration bill pushed by Senators Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) would have given amnesty to many of the criminal aliens the families who testified today wish to see deported. As Chris Crane, president of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council, noted at the time:Senator Rubio left unchanged legislative provisions that he himself admitted to us in private were detrimental, flawed and must be changed. Legislation written behind closed doors by handpicked special interest groups which put their political agendas and financial gains before sound and effective law and the welfare and safety of the American public. As a result, the 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.Senator Grassley offered an amendment that would that would have barred gang members, such as the notorious MS-13 gang members who have wreaked havoc across the country, from getting amnesty but that amendment was defeated in the Judiciary Committee. The final bill 68 senators voted for therefore expressly made amnesty available to gang members   an amnesty that included access to green cards, welfare and the prize of U.S. citizenship.As The Washington Post reported at the time, this was part of a coordinated effort by members of the Gang of Eight to quash amendments that might have damaged the likelihood of the bill s speedy passage:The eight met in private before each committee hearing, hashing out which amendments they would support and which oppose as a united coalition. Senate aides said amendments were rejected if either side felt they would shatter the deal.Politico confirmed this report:During the Judiciary Committee markup in May, the Gang routinely met to decide which amendments they would support or oppose. In one meeting, the senators thought they had all agreed to defeat a proposal from Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) to require a biometric exit and entry at points of entry before undocumented immigrants could secure green cards, according to one Senate Democratic aide.The day the bill passed the Senate, National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council president Ken Palinkas and president of the National ICE Council Chris Crane, who together represent more than 20,000 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees on the front line of immigration enforcement, issued this joint statement:ICE officers and USCIS adjudications officers have pleaded with lawmakers not to adopt this bill,  they wrote,  The Schumer-Rubio-Corker-Hoeven proposal will make Americans less safe and it will ensure more illegal immigration especially visa overstays in the future. It provides legalization for thousands of dangerous criminals while making it more difficult for our officers to identity public safety and national security threats. The legislation was guided from the beginning by anti-enforcement special interests and, should it become law, will have the desired effect of these groups: blocking immigration enforcement. This is anti-public safety bill and an anti-law enforcement bill.Immigration and the transformation of America is shaping up to be the most passionate issue of the 2016 race.When Governor. Scott Walker (R-WI) was question by a DREAMer during a recent campaign stop and said illegal aliens seeking to become Americans needed to return home. He also suggested at the same stop that foreign worker visas should be limited when American jobs and wages are in danger, a position that polls well with liberals and conservatives alike.Via: Breitbart News",0
15440,(VIDEO) HUCKSTER AL SHARPTON: CLIMATE CHANGE IS A ‘CIVIL RIGHTS ISSUE’…BLACKS SUFFER MOST,"The global warming hucksterism in the Obama administration has been going on since the beginning. The former EPA director was big on the environmental justice for minorities. It s a made up term just like environmental racism. I can t tell you just how important it is for Americans to pay attention and follow the money on this. Here s a video from the last EPA director that s full of pretty alarming lingo and propaganda:  It [climate change] is an issue of justice, and it is an issue of human rights. African-Americans are at a higher risk of being close, or predisposed to areas of carbon, as well as other poisonous pollution in the air. And we have a disproportionate interest because we suffer disproportionately,  Sharpton continued.  You cannot, not deal with climate change as a health issue, as a moral issue, and as a civil rights issue. Aka: federally subsidize black communities because they are victim of geo-racism. ",0
15441,OBAMA’S DREAM TEAM: ILLEGAL ALIEN DRUG DEALERS SUSPECTED Of KILLING Innocent Woman Sleeping In Apt Below Illegals [VIDEO],"This news comes on the heels of Obama s  release the drug offenders in prisons  tour. All part of the fundamental transformation of America President Barack Obama s gutting of enforcement of immigration laws claimed another life, this time in Lawrence, Massachusetts.Mirta Rivera, a 41-year-old nurse and grandmother who was an American citizen born in Puerto Rico, was shot and killed early in the morning on July 4 as she lay in her bed by a bullet that came through the ceiling of her apartment beneath illegal alien drug dealers, according to police. Three men have been arrested, two of them are illegal aliens. Both men were known to be illegal aliens and freed by the Obama administration.Illegal aliens Jose Lara-Mejia (white t-shirt) and Wilton Lara-Calmona (plaid shirt) in court. Photo, WHDH-TV.The Boston Herald has done in depth reporting on the case which has been ignored by the national media. Deportation orders failed to oust two illegal immigrants who are now up on drug charges and under investigation in the July 4 shooting death of a Lawrence grandmother   in an alarming case that critics say illustrates a revolving immigration door with dangerous consequences. Dominican Republic nationals Wilton Lara-Calmona and Jose M. Lara-Mejia were arrested on drug charges by police investigating the shooting death of Mirta Rivera, 41. The Lawrence nurse was killed in her sleep by a gunshot fired through the ceiling from an upstairs apartment, where both men lived. But Immigration and Customs Enforcement records reviewed by the Herald show the men shouldn t have been in the country in the first place. Lara-Calmona, 38, was deported in April 2012 and arrested for re-entering the country last November, the records show. Lara-Mejia, 35, was nabbed crossing the border in August 2013 and ordered deported in April 2014, but had remained in the country illegally. ICE spokesman Shawn Neudauer confirmed that Lara-Mejia  was ordered removed by a federal immigration judge on April 9, 2014, after failing to appear before the immigration court. He was considered an ICE fugitive until his July 4, 2015, arrest by local authorities in Lawrence, Massachusetts. 7News Boston WHDH-TV  7News Boston WHDH-TVThe Boston Globe reported on the shooting and preliminary charges. Mirta Rivera was asleep Saturday morning when a bullet pierced through a hardwood floor in the apartment above, hitting her in the abdomen, traveling through her mattress and into the floor before bouncing back into her box spring. Rivera s boyfriend, Jorge Villalta, and responding officers tried to save her, but the 41-year-old woman was pronounced dead at Lawrence General Hospital. Moments after the shooting, police discovered a bullet hole in the ceiling above Rivera s bed, leading officers to a second-floor unit where they found three men, a woman, heroin and cocaine worth about $75,000, a scale, material for packaging drugs and firearms. When officers entered the unit around 4:26 a.m., the fresh stench of gunpowder hung in the air, police said. Christopher Paganmoux, 23; Jose Lara-Mejia, 35; and Wilton Lara-Calmona, 38, were arraigned on charges of trafficking in heroin over 200 grams, trafficking in cocaine over 14 grams, and possession with intent to distribute a Class A substance near a school or park, according to court records. Lawrence District Court Judge Lynn Rooney ordered Paganmoux, who faces an additional charge of trafficking heroine over 14 grams, held on $250,000 cash bail. Lara-Mejia and Lara-Calmona were ordered held on $500,000 cash bail. Police found a black handgun between the mattress and box spring of a bed in the apartment on Exchange Street, court records show, as well as drug paraphernalia and a rifle. A  mushroomed  bullet found in Rivera s box spring matched the rifle and a casing that was found, police said. Via: BizPac Review",0
15442,BEST TWEET OF THE DAY,"Why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our US military recruitment centers? Muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. Is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?Civilians, with semi-automatic carbines, eating Chick-fil-A, guarding Marines. Up yours, @WhiteHouse. pic.twitter.com/o5FVTpSqeG  Bob Owens (@bob_owens) July 21, 2015h/t Weasel Zippers",0
15443,HILLARY ANNOUNCES DEFENSE OF KILLING BABIES AFTER 20 WEEKS…Okay With Keeping Babies Alive If Used For Campaign Props,"Way to go Granny! Perfect timing for your announcement with the discovery of the Planned Parenthood s aborted baby parts business in the headlines Yesterday, Hilary Clinton defending late-term abortion on Twitter and called Wisconsin s abortion ban dangerous and unacceptable.As LifeNews previously reported, on July 19th, pro-life Governor Scott Walker signed the Pain Capable Unborn Protection Act, making Wisconsin the 15th state to ban abortions after 20-weeks of pregnancy. Prior to signing the bill, he said,  At five months an unborn child can feel pain. As a society we should be protecting that child. But Hillary Clinton has a vastly different view:Gov. Walker signed dangerous abortion restrictions into law in WI   without exceptions for rape or incest. Extreme and unacceptable. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 21, 2015 Governor Walker responded with his own rejoinder calling Clinton out of touch:  Hillary shows she s out of touch with the majority of Americans who believe babies at 5 months deserve life. -SW https://t.co/5NG0llQRbd  Scott Walker (@ScottWalker) July 21, 2015 Unfortunately, if Hillary Clinton becomes our next president she will further abortion-on-demand in America even though she once said she believes abortion should be rare. Bill Donohue from the Catholic League responded to her remarks and highlighted her radical abortion agenda.He said,  We know that Hillary lied when she said she wants abortions to be rare. To be exact, she opposed the ban on partial-birth abortions: if she is okay with killing a baby who is 80 percent born, there are no instances left for her to register an objection. Now we know that Hillary lied when she said she wants to keep abortions safe. As soon as Walker signed the law protecting unborn babies from feeling pain, Hillary labeled his decision  dangerous. He added that Hillary should explain what she means when she says that this ban is dangerous, considering the fact that some of these babies feel immense pain while being dismembered. Donohue concluded,  Hillary needs to elaborate on this. Why is it not uncomfortable forget about dangerous for a sensate human being to be pierced with a surgical knife? Why, for example, do these babies put their fingers up to the knife in an attempt to shield them from more pain? The public has a right to know what s going on in her mind. In May, Clinton joined President Obama in opposing the federal 20-week ban and said the following through a spokesperson:  Politicians should not interfere with personal medical decisions, which should be left to a woman, her family and her faith, in consultation with her doctor or health care provider. She added,  This bill is a direct challenge to Roe v. Wade, which has protected a woman s constitutional right to privacy for over forty years. The bill puts women s health and rights at risk, undermines the role doctors play in health care decisions, burdens survivors of sexual assault, and is not based on sound science. However, the science behind fetal pain is solid, which is why so many states in the U.S. have worked to end late abortion. Unborn children have the biological equipment necessary to feel pain no later than 20 weeks after fertilization, and nerves link receptors to the brain s thalamus and sub-cortical plate around that same time. Researchers also found that unborn children react to pain by recoiling, which is the same way adult humans react to pain. In fact, during surgery on these little humans, fetal surgeons found that anesthesia was necessary to decrease their reaction to stress hormones.Via: LifeNews",0
15444,(VIDEO) DEM PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE GIVES UNBELIEVABLY IDIOTIC REASON FOR THE CREATION OF ISIS,Can anyone be at all serious about a Presidential candidate who believes this? ,0
15445,BREAKING: FIVE DAYS LATE! OBAMA SHAMED INTO ORDERING FLAGS AT HALF-STAFF FOR VICTIMS OF CHATTANOOGA TERROR ATTACK,"It s about time! Did Obama order the flags lowered because Boehner put pressure on him or could it be that Obama ordered the flags lowered because he s speaking to the VFW today?In other instances like the Ft. Hood terror attack, it took just hours for Obama to sign a proclamation to lower the flags. The White House Press Secretary had no answer for the press on this yesterday: I don t have more information about the status of the flag over the White House.  This is yet another example of just how out of touch this President is with the American people.President Obama has ordered that flags be lowered to half-staff at the White House and federal buildings across the country to honor the victims of last week s shooting rampage in Chattanooga, Tenn., after facing pressure from lawmakers and others.In a proclamation issued early Tuesday afternoon, Obama said of the Chattanooga victims,  We honor their service. We offer our gratitude to the police officers and first responders who stopped the rampage and saved lives. We draw strength from yet another American community that has come together with an unmistakable message to those who would try and do us harm: We do not give in to fear. You cannot divide us. And you will not change our way of life. He ordered flags flown at half-staff at the White House and  all public buildings and grounds,  as well as over military posts and naval stations and vessels   until July 25. Flags will be flown at half-staff at U.S. embassies and other overseas diplomatic offices.The decision comes after congressional leaders ordered flags at the U.S. Capitol lowered to half-staff earlier in the day   that decision fueled questions over why the White House hadn t yet done the same.Via: myfoxdc",0
15446,TAXPAYERS PAID SAME WOMEN WHO CRUSHED BABIES’ SKULLS FOR LIVING AND SOLD THEIR LUNGS TO ADVISE OBAMA ADMIN ON “Healthy Baby” BIRTHS,"No conflict of interest here! Only the most pro-abortion president in the history of the United States would have an  expert  who butchers babies for a living being paid by the American taxpayer to advise on healthy baby births  Deborah Nucatola the Planned Parenthood doc with the stone-cold heart and the lucrative skill of  crushing  babies in just the right spot has been advising the Obama administration on family planning policy since 2010.From April 2010 through April 2014, Nucatola was one of several experts the U.S. Health and Human Services Office of Population Affairs (OPA) and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Division of Reproductive Health tasked with creating federal guidelines for  quality family planning services.  A member of the  Expert Work Group  and the  Technical Panel on Clinical Women s Services,  Nucatola was actively engaged in the  multistage process  that produced the government s 2014 report,  Providing Quality Family Planning Services  (QFP).Her responsibilities as a  technical  consultant and an  expert  included analyzing research summaries and professional advisories, providing  individual feedback  on the government s initial recommendations,  reviewing  the CDC-OPA staff s  core recommendations,  giving her expert  opinion,  and then approving the recommendations. (See the report s appendices for the names of Expert Work Group members and technical experts, and detailed descriptions of the experts  involvement in formulating the report s recommendations.)What s the goal of those government recommendations? To help  clients achieve their desired number and spacing of children and increase the likelihood that those children are born healthy. Leave it to the Obama administration to tap an abortionist for  expert  advice on ensuring that children are  born healthy an abortionist, mind you, who relishes butchering a  17-weeker  and bagging up a tiny infant s  heart, lung, liver  to sell for a few extra bucks.Taxpayers Reward BarbarismThe barbaric nature of Nucatola s chosen work, however, is all too clear. That s reprehensible. Sen. Rand Paul and others have announced plans to defund Planned Parenthood in light of the Nucatola debacle. Good, but not enough.We need to delegitimize Planned Parenthood and delegitimize the cruel doctors whose expertise consists in knowing which parts of the unborn baby to  crush  in order to to harvest the money-producing parts  intact.  We need to insist that being an expert in baby dismemberment disqualifies instead of qualifies a doctor from being an  expert  consultant for the government an expert on making sure children are  born healthy,  no less.Planned Parenthood runs a bloody business. Many Americans are seeing, for the first time, the chilling, violent reality of abortion and the insatiable greed driving America s abortion business. Now, the question is: What is Congress willing to do about it?Read more of exclusive story: The Federalist",0
15447,"[Video] DEM PREZ CANDIDATE BOOED OFF STAGE, FORCED TO APOLOGIZE FOR SAYING “All Lives Matter”","When you have a crowd of people listening to this kind of idiotic drama, I think it s safe to say you should expect to be booed off the stage if you don t tow the line. Here r the Black Net Roots speaker s dramatic introduction for Governor O Malley: Let s be clear  Every single day folks are dying! Not being able to take another breath! We are in a state of emergency! We are in a state of emergency and if you don t fill that emergency you are not human!   As the Washington Examiner noted Saturday, former Maryland governor and current presidential candidate Martin O Malley was being interviewed at the annual Netroots Nation conference and was making a statement about the need for civilian police review boards. The interview was interrupted by a group of protestors chanting,  Say,  black lives matter!  In response to a question by one of the protestors about alleged instances of police brutality against African Americans, O Malley stated,  I think all of us have a responsibility to recognize the pain and grief caused by lives lost to violence. Black lives matter. White lives matter. All lives matter.  The statement is said to have drawn boos from the crowd. A minute or two later, O Malley apologized.The incident illustrated neatly illustrated the cultural divide between the left and the rest of America. Most people, without much of a thought, would agree that all lives matter, whether they belong to someone killed in an altercation with police or   say   a Marine gunned down by a terrorist. The crowd at Netroots Nation disagreed.More importantly, O Malley failed the  Sister Souljah  test by apologizing for saying something that should be axiomatic. A  Sister Souljah Moment  refers to an incident during the 1992 presidential campaign in which then Governor Bill Clinton condemned a rapper named Sister Souljah for racially incendiary lyrics in some of her songs. The statement caused a great deal of consternation, but Clinton received praise for taking on an extremist who was part of an important Democratic constituency. Clinton went on to be elected and then reelected four years later.  Via: The Examiner",0
15448,OBAMA’S RACE WAR: HATEFUL IMAGES EMERGE OF CLASH BETWEEN KKK AND BLACK PANTHERS IN SC…One Viral Photo Offers America Hope,"The fundamental transformation of America continues . But one photo emerges that defies Barack and Michelle Obama s hateful and divisive narrative.In the latest chapter of the outcry over the Confederate flag issue in South Carolina, an unexpected scene emerged from rallies involving the Ku Klux Klan and black supporters this weekend   a photo of a black police officer helping a white supremacist at the Capitol in Charleston.Members of the Loyal White Knights of the KKK were protesting the state s recent decision to remove the flag from the statehouse grounds. Black advocates held their own rally, and a clash among the two parties ensued.IN THE MIDST OF SO MUCH HATE, ONE HOPEFUL PHOTO EMERGED: It didn t take long for the photograph   taken by Rob Godfrey, the deputy chief of staff for South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley   to spread on the Internet. Not an uncommon example of humanity in SC: Leroy Smith helps white supremacist to shelter & water as heat bears down,  Godfrey wrote in posting the photo on Twitter.Officer Leroy Smith was helping the man find shade and water on a hot day in Charleston, when temperatures reached the upper 90s. About 2,000 people attended the rallies. He was assisting with crowd control on the stairs where the KKK was rallying,  spokeswoman Sherri Iacobelli said of Smith.As might be expected, the general public largely fell into one of two camps   applauding the photo, or questioning it. This kindness chokes me up. How do SC people find that well of caring in the midst of so much hatred?  one person replied in the photo s comment thread. Amazing! I couldn t find it in my heart and I am white,  another remarked. Just curious. Put this in reverse. Would that White Supremacist have done that for Officer Smith at a Black Panther rally?  countered one tweet. Being nice didn t save those 9 people [at the Charleston church shooting] though,  posted another.Thursday, Haley encouraged people to stay away from the KKK rally. The strength and grace the people of South Carolina have shown over the last three weeks have inspired our family, our neighbors and the entire world,  she wrote on her Facebook page.  Our family hopes the people of South Carolina will join us in staying away from the disruptive, hateful spectacle members of the Ku Klux Klan hope to create. Via: Breitbart News",0
15449,(VIDEO) BRAVO! TV HOST SCORCHES OBAMA FOR HIS RESPONSE TO CHATTANOOGA TERRORIST ATTACK,I VE HAD IT! ,0
15450,(VIDEO) JOHN KERRY: ‘ARMS AND MISSILES WERE THROWN IN AS ADD-ONS’ TO IRAN DEAL,"What a bunch of unbelievable traitors we have in this White House Kerry can t be that naive or dumb to Iran s evil. The more he opens his mouth, the more I question his motives.Secretary of State John Kerry told NBC s Chuck Todd that  the arms and the missiles  were  thrown in as an add-on to this nuclear agreement. So this [deal] focused on getting rid of the principal problem in the region, which is Iran s threat to Israel, their threat to the region, to have a nuclear capacity,  Kerry said defending the deal. We believe with this, for years into the future, we have this incredible capacity to have access, to have inspections, to hold them accountable. And by the way, even though the arms and the missiles, they were thrown in as an add-on to this nuclear agreement. It was always contemplated if Iran did come and deal on the nuclear program, that was going to be lifted.  Via: Weekly Standard",0
15451,HUFFING TON POST WON’T COVER REPUBLICAN FRONTRUNNER DONALD TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN,"Just confirming what anyone paying attention already knew. The Huffington Post isn t interested in reporting the news they re strictly serving as a propaganda arm of the progressive left Earlier this month, while political news organizations were wrestling with the rise of Donald Trump, Washington Post senior politics editor Steven Ginsberg offered a philosophy:  In my view, making decisions solely according to who may win the nomination is the worst way to cover a presidential election,  he said.  A whole lot happens on the way to the nomination and you can t explain what s happening with the candidates or the country without being on top of all of it. Since then, Trump s influence in the Republican primary has only grown. He has surged to the front of the pack, leading his rivals by 3 points in the most recent Fox News and USA Today/Suffolk polls, respectively. He has raised issues that have resonated with conservative voters and forced other GOP candidates to come forward on where they stand. It is very likely that he will appear near center-stage at the inaugural Republican debate, on Aug. 6, and lead the pile-on against Jeb Bush.In other words, Trump is a major character in this chapter of the 2016 presidential election story. And as Ginsberg said,  you can t explain what s happening with the candidates or the country without being on top of all of it. On Friday, however, the Huffington Post s politics team announced that they would no longer cover the candidate as a political story. After watching and listening to Donald Trump since he announced his candidacy for president, we have decided we won t report on Trump s campaign as part of The Huffington Post s political coverage. Instead, we will cover his campaign as part of our Entertainment section,  they wrote.  Our reason is simple: Trump s campaign is a sideshow. We won t take the bait. If you are interested in what The Donald has to say, you ll find it next to our stories on the Kardashians and The Bachelorette. A quick fact-check: 1. Huffington Post is taking the bait, because they re continuing to cover Trump and will continue to benefit from the clicks. 2. Trump s campaign isn t a sideshow. He s leading the field, and is therefore a daily preoccupation for other candidates. (Hours after posting its note, Huffington Post sent an email clarifying that  the impact [Trump is] having on the Republican Party and the immigration debate is itself a real thing,  which it will cover  as substance, but anything that tumbles out of his mouth will land on the Entertainment page. )One might conclude that Huffington Post s announcement amounts to the same Trump-style grandstanding they claim to condemn. On a larger level, they seem to miss the point that all politics is theater. Countless statements have tumbled forth from the mouth of candidates   top-tier and third-tier   that were made precisely to rile up the base, bait an opponent, get free play in the media, etc. The Huffington Post politics team has covered these stories, and will almost surely continue to do so   even when they come from candidates who have a less of a shot at their party s nomination than Trump.Via: Politico",0
15452,REP LUIS GUTIERREZ (D-NY) CALLS MURDER OF KATE STEINLE BY ILLEGAL ALIEN “A little thing” [Video],"Die-hard amnesty for illegal aliens cheerleader Rep. Luis Gutierrez: Every time a little thing like this happens, they use the most extreme example to say it must be eliminated. Reporting on a recently released survey by Rasmussen Reports that indicates that 62% of Americans oppose sanctuary city policies, Telemundo, the nation s second largest Spanish-language network, slanted its coverage in favor of maintaining the controversial policy. Reporting from the sanctuary city of Chicago, Telemundo correspondent Janet Rodr guez cited an unauthorized immigrant in favor of the policy, along with two quotes from Congressman Luis Guti rrez (D-IL), who had the gall to minimize Kate Steinle s murder, at the hands of a hardened criminal and five-time deportee, in the sanctuary city of San Francisco.Although Rodr guez reported the study s findings that the majority of Americans not only oppose the policy, but also support withholding federal funding to make sanctuary cities comply with immigration authorities, she included only one critical view of the policy, that of presidential candidate Donald Trump calling sanctuary cities  a disgrace.  To make matters worse, Rodr guez also misled viewers about the considerable trans-partisan nature of the opposition to sanctuary city policies. Rodr guez stated on air that  it has to be emphasized that the poll reveals that the majority of those who agree on eliminating sanctuary cities or that in some way they lose federal funds, all are Republicans. However, the poll actually indicates that 79% of Republicans, 61% of unaffiliated voters, and 46% of Democrats believe sanctuary cities should lose federal funds. Similarly, 79% of Republicans, 65% of unaffiliated voters and 43% of Democrats support U.S. Justice Department legal action against sanctuary cities.Via: Newsbusters ",0
15453,DR. BEN CARSON BRILLIANTLY POINTS OUT FLAWS IN DEFENDERS OF Baby Part Harvesters Argument [VIDEO],"Dr. Carson points out the false narrative of the left s argument, that harvesting baby parts is okay, because we need the fetal tissue for  ground breaking  research.  There s nothing that can t be done without fetal tissue. ",0
15454,DISGUSTING: BARACK OBAMA WISHES MUSLIMS HAPPY END OF RAMADAN Following Murder Of 4 Marines By Muslim Terrorist,"First things first The following statement is the first to come out of the White house. It was emailed out and makes no reference to today s terror attack.See Below statement: Michelle and I would like to extend our warmest wishes to Muslims in the United States and around the world celebrating Eid-ul-Fitr. As Muslims mark the end of the month, they are reminded that Ramadan is a time to reflect spiritually, build communally, and aid those in need. While Eid marks the end of Ramadan, it marks a new beginning for each individual   a reason to celebrate and express gratitude on this holiday.For millions of Muslims, the morning of Eid is marked with the call to prayer echoing through cities and towns across the globe. Millions of people head to local mosques for special Eid prayers followed by festive gatherings, gift exchanges, and feasts among friends, neighbors and families. The diversity of traditions paint the vibrant images we see from around the world capturing the spirit and excitement of Eid   colorful dresses or white garments decorating the masses of people standing in lines for prayer, lanterns and ornaments lighting up bazaars and neighborhoods, intricate henna designs painted on hands of young girls and women, and an abundance of delectable foods and aromatic cuisines. As Muslim Americans celebrate Eid across America, the holiday is a reminder to every American of the importance of respecting those of all faiths and beliefs. This past year New York City Public Schools announced adding Eid to their official school calendars alongside Christmas, Hanukkah and other holidays   an acknowledgement of the great diversity and inclusiveness that adds to the richness of our nation. During this year s White House Iftar, I had the opportunity to meet inspiring young Muslim Americans who are leading efforts for greater understanding and unity across diverse communities. Following the Iftar, one of the young attendees helped spearhead an effort that raised more than $75,000 for the churches burned in the wake of the shooting at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Americans of all faiths and beliefs must stand together to protect our democracy and strengthen our country as a whole. Michelle and I hope today brings joy to all of your homes, both here in the U.S. and around the world. From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!Via: Breaking 911",0
15455,[Video] KANSAS DEM MAYOR BRAGS ABOUT REDUCTION IN WHITE POPULATION: Thanks Radical Socialist Hispanic Group,"What would a speech from a modern Democrat be if they didn t include the LGBT crowd and embrace illegal aliens? It s almost as if they were trying to divide our nation in order to gain votes.??The mayor of Kansas City, Kansas, in an address to the radical socialist organization National Council of La Raza, bragged that his city is no longer majority white and the city s schools now have students who speak 62 different languages.According to the 2010 U.S. Census, Kansas City, Kansas, was 52 percent white.But in a speech before the La Raza National Affiliates Luncheon earlier this week in Kansas City, Mayor Mark Holland boasted that only five years later his city s white population has been reduced to 40 percent.He seemed to suggest that La Raza was at least partly responsible for the progress. But he also cited the refugee resettlement work of the United Nations and U.S. State Department for the city s transformation into a gleaming example of multicultural diversity.Kansas City, he said,  is very proud of the work of National Council of La Raza. Kansas City, Kansas, is a city with no ethnic majority. Kansas City, Kansas, is 40 percent white, 28 percent Latino, and 26 percent African-American,  Holland said.  Our school district speaks 62 different languages by the children every single day. And Kansas City, Kansas, has a proud heritage of welcoming all people into the community, people who are not welcome in other places. Latinos started coming with the Santa Fe railroad more than 100 years ago, to build the railroad, he said. Another railroad, the Underground Railroad, brought African-Americans to Kansas.  If they could get across the river they were free and settled in a township of Quindero. We continue to have a number of groups of refugees from around the world,  he added, mentioning the large Hmong community that came in the 1970s and 80s following the Vietnam War.In recent years, the city has welcomed more refugees from other parts of the world, including Muslim Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq, Hindus from Bhutan and Buddhists and Muslims from Burma.LGBTs welcome in KCKansas City has also thrown open its arms to the LGBT community, Holland said, even though most of the state of Kansas leans Republican.He said the city is the home of another  persecuted group   the Democrats. The Democrats still have a foothold in Kansas City and we re very proud of that,  said the Democrat mayor.  And because Democrats are in Wyandotte County, we welcome our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters and celebrate their life and their love, and always will. Holland, an ordained Methodist minister, then went on the attack against any Christians who don t share his liberal theological views on same-sex marriage.He applauded the recent 5-4 Supreme Court decision that redefined marriage for all 50 states. But we cannot let our guard down. This religious freedom component, I believe is the Confederate Flag of religious bigotry, being flown long after the fact,  Holland said.  As an ordained United Methodist pastor myself, I m offended to note, when they say Christians are offended by the ruling. In fact, many of us Christians celebrate the ruling and the continued welcome and recognition of all people. But I want to close by saying we just couldn t be more proud that La Raza is here in Kansas City and it s an honor to be able to greet you. The U.S. State Department, working with the United Nations, has sent 2,371 international refugees to Kansas City, Kansas, since 2002. The State Department s database does not include U.N. refugees dispersed throughout the U.S. before 2002 but the program has been ongoing in its current form since 1980. The U.N. picks about 95 percent of the refugees sent to the U.S. The State Department, working with nine major contractors such as the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, distributes about 70,000 refugees annually from mostly Third World nations into 190 U.S. cities and towns.U.N. sends KC 2,371 refugees since 2002The refugees, unlike most other classifications of immigrants, immediately qualify for a smorgasbord of state and federal welfare benefits and are placed on a fast-track toward full citizenship, which is obtainable within five years.Since 2002 Kansas City has received 1,090 refugees from Burma, 577 from Bhutan, 190 from Somalia, 126 from Iraq, 47 from Liberia, 37 from Eritrea, 36 from Russia, 34 from Burundi, 33 from Afghanistan, 26 from Vietnam, 24 from Sudan, 18 from Uzbekistan, and 11 from Iran, according to State Department data.Via: WND",0
15456,OBAMA WILL GIVE AWAY FREE INTERNET (To Those He Deems Worthy) : “The internet is not a luxury”,"Don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. If you have a job and contribute to our tax base, you won t qualify. You also have to be living in cities the Obama regime considers worthy of free internet service. Those cities have likely provided some form of support for Obama s radical agenda for America.Because internet service is a human right or something like that Calling the Internet a 21st century necessity, President Barack Obama on Wednesday unveiled a program to bring faster Internet connections to more low-income households, particularly to help students living in public and assisted housing stay ahead in school.Under ConnectHome, the public, private and nonprofit sectors have pledged to work together to provide high-speed connections and digital devices to more families at lower cost.More than 90 percent of households headed by a college graduate have Internet access, Obama said. But fewer than half of low-income households have similar access.In this day and age, Obama said the  digital divide  puts these individuals at a disadvantage by limiting their educational and economic opportunities because the Internet is increasingly needed to find a job, finish homework or keep in touch with family and friends. In this digital age, when you can apply for a job, take a course, pay your bills   with a tap of your phone, the Internet is not a luxury. It s a necessity,  Obama said in Durant, Oklahoma, on the first day of a two-day visit to the state. You cannot connect with today s economy without having access to the Internet,  he said.ConnectHome is similar to ConnectEd, a federal program that Obama said is on track to wire 99 percent of K-12 classrooms and libraries with high-speed Internet by the end of 2017.ConnectHome will begin in 27 cities and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, which is headquartered in Durant. With about 200,000 members spread across much of southeastern Oklahoma, the Choctaw Nation is the nation s third-largest Native American tribe.The Choctaw Nation was also among the administration s first  Promise Zones,  a designation that makes it eligible for tax incentives and grants to help fight poverty.The only federal money expected to be spent on ConnectHome is a $50,000 Agriculture Department grant to the Choctaw Nation, officials said.The 27 cities the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development selected for ConnectHome are: Albany, Georgia; Atlanta; Baltimore; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Boston; Camden, New Jersey; Cleveland; Denver; Durham, North Carolina; Fresno, California; Kansas City, Missouri; Little Rock, Arkansas; Los Angeles; Macon, Georgia; Memphis, Tennessee; Meriden, Connecticut; Nashville, Tennessee; New Orleans; New York; Newark, New Jersey; Philadelphia; Rockford, Illinois; San Antonio; Seattle; Springfield, Massachusetts; Tampa, Florida; and the District of Columbia.Obama was spending the night in Oklahoma and on Thursday continuing a weeklong focus on making the criminal justice system fairer.He planned to meet Thursday with law enforcement officials and inmates during a historic tour of the El Reno Federal Correctional Institution, a medium-security facility west of Oklahoma City that holds about 1,300 male offenders.  I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison,  Obama said in a speech Tuesday to the NAACP meeting in Philadelphia.",0
15457,(VIDEO) CBS REPORTER MAJOR GARRETT RESPONDS TO CONTROVERSY AFTER QUESTION THAT STRUCK A NERVE WITH OBAMA," Well first of all, politicians, especially those elected President of the United States, are very adept at creating straw men; taking something that they feel rhetorically works to their advantage and using it. That s exactly what the President did. My question did not suggest he was content with the captivity of those four Americans. My question was about the contentment or the satisfaction or the realization that it was necessary within the context of this deal to leave them unaccounted for. That was the essence of the question. Clearly it struck a nerve. That was my intention.  ",0
15458,FAMILY THREATENED AT GUNPOINT FOR DISPLAYING CONFEDERATE FLAG ON PRIVATE PROPERTY…Police Let Suspect Go [Video],"Nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding A family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the Confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.The incident occurred on Monday night in Moseley, Virginia while the family was expressing their First Amendment right by waving the flag in their own driveway next to a busy highway. A man driving an SUV pulled into the driveway, took out his gun, chambered a round, pointed it at the family and started yelling. He slammed on the brakes and when he got right beside me, he pulled out a gun, chambered a round and told me my cause wasn t worth anything now,  Mark Wilson told CBS 6.  He got out of the car and took three steps towards me and the gun was maybe six inches off my head. Wilson said he was concerned that the gunman would shoot his children. 46-year-old James Baker was later arrested by police for brandishing a weapon. Baker dubiously claimed that the family had threatened his life. This is a busy highway and he is in a vehicle going 70 miles per hour, how are we threatening him by walking across?  said Wilson, who called for Baker to be sent to jail. The police went and investigated it and they let him go, he admitted everything and they just let him go,  added Wilson.Baker is in court on September 3 facing a class one misdemeanor charge.Wilson asserted that his decision to fly the flag is founded on a desire to express pride in his southern heritage and has nothing to do with racism. I m not gonna be scared away from people that are acting ignorant and trying to act violent when it s not a violent thing. This shouldn t be a race thing, it should be a heritage thing,  Wilson told NBC 12.The nature of the confrontation clearly illustrates how the gunman had a political gripe with the family displaying the Confederate flag, which has become a target for irate leftists in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.On Monday we reported on the new viral Twitter craze called #NoFlaggingChallenge which Black Lives Matter supporters are using to encourage Americans to violate people s private property rights and steal Confederate flags being displayed on privately owned homes and vehicles.Given that the flags are predominantly displayed in southern states where private ownership of firearms is common, many on social media are warning that the stunt could end up with people being shot dead.Via: Infowars",0
15459,OBAMA’S ARROGANCE: WATCH As He Admonishes Reporter For Asking If He Was “Content” With 4 Americans Held In Iran Jail [VIDEO],"Being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something Obama is used to CBS News s Major Garrett asked President Obama at a press conference Wednesday if he was  content  with four Americans held in Iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  Can you tell the country, sir, why you are content with all the fanfare around this deal to leave the conscious of this nation, the strength of this nation unaccounted for in relation to these four Americans?  Garrett asked. That s nonsense and you should know better,  Obama bit back.  Nobody s  content  and our diplomats and our teams are working diligently to try to get them out. Garrett later brushed off the scolding on CBS s news streaming network, saying,  Clearly, it struck a nerve. That was my intention Was it provocative? Yes. Was it intended to be as such? Absolutely. The Daily Beast s Shane Harris reported yesterday that the Americans came up during negotiations over Iran s nuclear program.  We believe very strongly that this is an opportunity for Iran to let the Americans come home,  an administration official said.Via: The Daily Beast",0
15460,BREAKING: SCREEN SHOTS OF WEBSITE SHOW BULK DISCOUNTS ON ABORTED BABY PARTS FROM PLANNED PARENTHOOD PARTNER,"Yesterday we told you about the company who buys aborted baby organs from Planned Parenthood. Many of our readers were in disbelief and demanded proof that StemExpress was an actual company that sold baby parts online. Here is the undercover video that exposed Planned Butcherhood: Here is your proof: StemExpress, the California-based company that serves as a middleman between Planned Parenthood and the organizations that seek body parts harvested from aborted babies, once advertised bulk discounts for baby organs and body parts. A screencap taken from a StemExpress page listing fetal liver products shows that the company openly boasted of bulk buying discounts available to new customers. Become a StemExpress customer today to receive 25% off your first order up to $1,000!  blasted an archived web page from 2012.The baby organ trade is a lucrative one for StemExpress. As recently as December 2014, packages of what StemExpress described as  fresh  fetal liver stem cells were listed at more than $24,000, according to an archived page listing its products and prices.Yesterday morning news broke that Planned Parenthood, the nation s largest and most profitable abortion provider, was in the business of trafficking organs taken from aborted unborn babies. Planned Parenthood s top medical director, Deborah Nucatola, was captured on tape trying to sell body parts from aborted babies and bragging about how she conducts abortions in order to maximize the number of organs and body parts that can be extracted from the children.StemExpress also advertised the financial rewards and benefits that can come from buying and selling baby body parts.Although Planned Parenthood vehemently attacked the Center for Medical Progress for releasing its damning video, the billion-dollar abortion provider did not deny charges that it was harvesting organs, tissue, and body parts from aborted babies.Via: The Federalist",0
15461,FOREIGN BORN ALIEN WITH 4 FELONIES ARRESTED FOR BRUTAL BEATING AND RAPE OF WOMEN WHO WAS HELPING HIM,"The consequences of a failure to control immigration in America A foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. Zenen Alvarez-Alguezabal, is behind bars in Seneca, South Carolina and has four previous felony convictions in the United States. It is currently unclear how the man had immigration papers, considering he had four felonies that spanned South Carolina, Texas, California, and Washington state. The victim told police she pretended to pass out, then when Alvarez passed out, she ran to her apartment without pants or shoes and called her son who reported the incident,  reported local FoxCarolina.com.  The victim had bruises on her face, along with scratches on her hands and the back of her neck. The victim was transported by ambulance to a hospital.  Their report stated:Police said they arrived at Alvarez s home and found a handgun on the sofa. Police also located a gold earring and a pair of women s pants.The victim said she had tried to help Alvarez get his immigration papers in order, according to an incident report.The victim told police she went to the restroom and when she returned found Alvarez naked. She tried to leave, but Alvarez struck her in the face and assaulted her, according to police.The victim pushed the alarm on her car key and Alvarez threatened to kill her if she called the police, according to the police report.Via: Breitbart News",0
15462,SHAKEDOWN AL SHARPTON MEETS WITH GM TO PRESSURE THEM INTO DROPPING KID ROCK OVER CONFEDERATEF FLAG [Video],"I m a mom who grew up in Romeo, MI., the same town where Robert Ritchie, aka Kid Rock was born and raised.  I am also a huge Kid Rock fan. I remember sitting across from his entire family in church every Sunday. His mother was my youngest sister s religious education teacher. He was raised in the country until he left to make his music way in Mt. Clemens, MI, located just outside of Detroit. It was there he met his girlfriend (who is black) and had a child with her. He gained full custody of his son and sent him to a Catholic school near my current home. He is one of the kindest, most generous and selfless musicians in the business. He is now the latest target of Al Sharpton and his shakedown organization, NAN.Kid Rock s philosophy is: Help your neighbor first.  Here are a few examples of his generosity:When is the last time Al Sharpton did anything to bring jobs to Americans or to help give back to NYC? Kid Rock doesn t just talk about providing jobs for Americans, he puts his money where his mouth is:Here is Kid Rock donating a home to an injured veteran in a Detroit suburb:While Al Sharpton has made it his goal to assist Barack Obama in the division our nation with his  #BlackLivesMatter campaign of racism, hate and violence, Kid Rock has been busy working to ensure we take care of our veterans when they return through a campaign called #VeteransMatter:And lastly how many times has Al Sharpton jumped on an airplane and headed overseas during Christmas to help lift the spirits of our troops while they spend their holidays away from their families in the desert?  (Brief language warning.)Compare Kid Rock s service to our military, kids with disabilities and to the city of Detroit to Al Sharpton s service to his community:Americans need to stand up to this shakedown artist and let this two-bit, tax cheating extortionist know we are not going to let him define the direction of our great nation. Call GM and let them know how much you appreciate them sponsoring Kid Rock, a man who does so much for our military and for those less fortunate at:Tony Cervone Senior Vice President, Global Communications Phone 313-667-3437 Mobile 313-920-8175 tony.cervone@gm.comor: Juli Huston-Rough News Operations Director Phone 313-665-3183 Mobile 313-549-6977 julie.huston-rough@gm.comBreitbart News  Detroit members of Al Sharpton s National Action Network now plan to pressure General Motors to cut ties with musician Kid Rock over his use of the Confederate flag at concerts, and the company is hearing them out.Legally named Robert James Ritchie, Kid Rock may hail from the Detroit, MI area, but his love for southern music and culture is strong, and he has used imagery of the rebel symbol at shows throughout his career.Members of the Detroit chapter of the NAN began protesting a Kid Rock exhibit at a local museum over the matter earlier this month. The rocker finally responded to the activists through a statement to Fox News host Megyn Kelly last week, simply saying:  Kiss my a**. The group s members demanded Ritchie renounce the flag, but now that it has become apparent he has no plans to do so, the NAN plans to hit him where it hurts: though a sponsor.According to the Detroit Free Press, members of the group, which is helmed by Rev. Charles Williams II, plan to meet with Detroit-based General Motors, whose Chevrolet brand is sponsoring Kid Rock s summer tour. We will be furthering our call to ask GM to remove their support of funds for Kid Rock s tour,  said Williams.A statement released to the paper by GM confirmed the meeting would take place later this week on Tuesday: We have been in touch with Reverend Williams, and representatives from Chevrolet will be meeting with him later this week to better understand his concerns. We need to let some open and constructive dialogue occur as a first step, and we ll go from there. Rev. Williams also told the Associated Press Tuesday that  the best resolution is for GM to pull their sponsorship. He added:  The entire civil rights community is ready to open up a campaign on this issue if General Motors doesn t want to take responsibility on this bad business issue. Williams was previously quoted as saying,  the hometown hero who is a zero with the Confederate flag,  while the group s political director Sam Riddle asked,  How in the hell can Kid Rock represent Detroit and wave that flag just generating millions and millions in ticket sales   a flag that represents genocide to most of Detroit? Kid Rock received the Great Expectations Award from the Detroit NAACP in 2011, and called the accolade  by far the coolest award I ve received. After receiving the honor, the artist responded to similar protests from the NAACP, and told the Free Press waving the flag was  not about hatred or being a racist. I like Southern rock music, and a lot of people died under that flag for beliefs they had, right or wrong,  he said.  But it stands for rebel, and my love of Southern rock. ",0
15463,"NEW DISCOVERY REVEALS BALTIMORE STATE’S ATTORNEY’S PARENTS WEREN’T MODEL COPS : Mom Received 20+ Disciplinary Actions, Dad Fired For Criminal Activity","Baltimore City State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby tells FOX News reporter during hostile exchange (at the 1 minute mark) that she comes from five generations of police officers in response to his statement that Baltimore Police officers are concerned she doesn t have their backs:  https://youtu.be/nbDeRqCxJbsThe mother of Baltimore city state s attorney Marilyn Mosby faced numerous disciplinary actions during her 20-year career as a Boston police officer, though the public wouldn t know it based on the Freddie Gray case prosecutor s public statements touting her family s strong policing history.The 35-year-old Mosby has used her family s police ties to rebut critics who say she rushed to judgement and overcharged the six cops involved in Gray s April 12 arrest. The 25-year-old Gray died a week later, touching off rioting in Baltimore and nationwide protests. Law enforcement is pretty much instilled within my being,  Mosby told MSNBC s Chris Hayes on May 1, the day she publicly announced charges against the officers.  I come from five generations of police officers,  she added, pointing out that her mother, father, grandfather and uncles have all served as cops.But there s more to the story than Mosby has let on.Personnel records obtained by The Daily Caller show that Mosby s mother, Linda Thompson, first violated the Boston police department s substance abuse policy in 2006. After serving a 45-day rehab stint, Thompson violated the drug code again and voluntarily resigned on Feb. 1, 2008, rather than be fired.The early retirement allowed Thompson, now 52, to draw a $1,810.69 monthly pension.Thompson is not the only member of Mosby s family to have had a rocky policing career. Mosby s father was fired from the Boston police department in 1991 following accusations that he and his partner robbed drug dealers at gun point. Mosby s uncle was fired from Boston PD in 2001 after testing positive for cocaine. Her grandfather was a well-respected Boston cop, but he ultimately and unsuccessfully sued the department for racial discrimination in the 1980s.Personnel records obtained by The Daily Caller show that Mosby s mother, Linda Thompson, first violated the Boston police department s substance abuse policy in 2006. After serving a 45-day rehab stint, Thompson violated the drug code again and voluntarily resigned on Feb. 1, 2008, rather than be fired.The early retirement allowed Thompson, now 52, to draw a $1,810.69 monthly pension.Thompson is not the only member of Mosby s family to have had a rocky policing career. Mosby s father was fired from the Boston police department in 1991 following accusations that he and his partner robbed drug dealers at gun point. Mosby s uncle was fired from Boston PD in 2001 after testing positive for cocaine. Her grandfather was a well-respected Boston cop, but he ultimately and unsuccessfully sued the department for racial discrimination in the 1980s.Mosby has not publicly mentioned any of that during her speeches when running for Baltimore state s attorney or since taking on the Gray case. A majority of police officers are risking their lives day-in and day-out,  Mosby told Hayes during her interview.  Recognizing that, because that s what my family did, I also recognize that there are those individuals that usurp their authority who will go past the public trust. When they do that, you have to hold those individuals accountable,  Mosby added.Mosby s claims are disingenuous, say three retired Boston police officers interviewed by TheDC. Linda Thompson s daughter is lecturing police officers about the right thing to do? You ve got to be kidding me,  said one former cop who reached the highest levels of the Boston police department and has known Thompson since the beginning of her career.The retired officer, who asked not to be named, said that Mosby s message has been,  You can trust me, I come from a family of cops. Mosby has proved a polarizing figure so far in the Gray case. Elected to office last year, she became a national star to many after her public announcement of charges against the cops. But her many critics say her case is flimsy and that she charged the officers for political reasons.The prosecution s theory seems to be that the officers did not do enough to restrain Gray in the back of a police van after his April 12 arrest. Some of the six officers also failed to provide proper medical attention, Mosby has claimed.Gray s April 19 death was ruled a homicide due to  an act of omission.  Mosby charged the driver of Gray s police van with second-degree depraved heart murder and manslaughter. Three other cops face manslaughter charges.Mosby has also been heavily criticized for using activist rhetoric when publicly discussing the case. During her May 1 speech she said that she heard protesters  battle-cry of  no justice, no peace.  Days before that speech   and before the medical examiner s office had even determined Gray s cause of death   she told a group of local clergy members that she was going to seek justice for Gray  by any and all means necessary. Via: Daily Caller ",0
15464,"WOW! COMPANY THAT BUYS ABORTED BABY PARTS FROM PLANNED PARENTHOOD HAS WEBSITE WITH DROP DOWN MENU CHOICES LIKE: Heart, Liver, Veins, Arteries, Lungs, etc.","Last we checked harvesting and selling body parts in America was illegal. Perhaps the abortion industry has some sort of special exception since killing babies is such an important service to Americans In the gruesome and now viral video that shows a Planned Parenthood medical officer talking to undercover actors posing as biotech entrepreneurs about the prospects of buying fetal body parts, the name of one company pops up several times:In the context of selling aborted fetal tissue, Dr. Deborah Nucatola is seen and heard discussing her ongoing relationship with a company called StemExpress that works as the middleman between Planned Parenthood affiliates and research institutes that use the body parts in scientific experimentation.The video, provided by the pro-life group Center for Medical Progress, purports to show an actual online order form from StemExpress where buyers can order the parts they want and the age of gestation.The pull down menu shows  brain, heart, heart (veins and arteries attached), lungs, liver, liver and thymus, spleen, large intestine  and so on. The order form allows the buyer to choose the gestational age of the baby to be aborted from four weeks upward.StemExpress is a five-year old privately held for-profit business located in Placerville, California that describes itself as  a multi-million dollar company that supplies human blood, tissue products, primary cells and other clinical specimens to biomedical researchers.  The company says it  offers the largest variety of raw material in the industry, as well as fresh, fixed and cryopreserved human primary cells. StemExpress calls itself as  the only company of its kind to both procure tissues and isolate cells for researchers  individual needs in its own labs. Our human tissue products range from fetal to adult and healthy to diseased, and we also collect bone marrow and leukapheresis for isolation.  StemExpress promises that by partnering with them  you ll get the high quality samples you need so that you can focus on the research. Some will wonder how something that is apparently illegal goes on so openly. David Daleiden of the Center for Medical Progress told Breitbart News,  It is the Kermit Gosnell effect. There is simply a lack of interest in enforcing this kind of law because of abortion. On the video Nucatola is heard talking about pricing, that  specimens  would range from $30 to $100. It is expected that Planned Parenthood will claim these charges are merely for their services and do not include a profit. Daleiden told Breitbart News that there are no extra services because companies like StemExpress are there at the facility to harvest the organs on order and walk out with them, not even shipping charges.Daleiden said that while the practice goes on around the country, it is especially hard to prosecute in California because of the political power of the abortion industry.The buying and selling of human body parts is illegal under the U.S. Criminal Code though companies can charge for expenses. The question becomes how a  multi-million dollar  for-profit company buys fetal body parts and sells them but makes no profit.Repeated calls to StemExpress for a comment have gone unreturned. The company website crashed sometime today.Via: Breitbart News",0
15465,KING OBAMA THREATENS CONGRESS TO NOT MESS WITH IRAN DEAL: Will Congress Have Will To Pull White Flag From Obama’s Hands? [Video], Tough talk from Washington does not solve problems  says our Thug in Chief as he threatens Congress not to cross him on this dangerous Iran deal Here is why FOX News  Britt Hume says Obama doesn t need to sell this Iran deal to Congress:,0
15466,THE LIST OF WHO’S WHO TAKING ADVANTAGE OF FAILED EU AUSTERITY EXPERIMENT IN GREECE,"Like a spoiled child on a spending spree with no parental guidance, Greece is forced to sell some of the most beautiful real estate in the world on the cheap Wealthy foreign investors are expected to buy up Greek islands in coming months as Monday s bailout will likely force hard-hit rich Greek moguls to dump their piece of paradise. This  fire sale  of private Greek islands to  bargain hunters  is expected to take place over the next few years, according to property agent Knight Frank.Greece imposed the first-ever real estate tax last year to raise cash for creditors, making property ownership prohibitively expensive, according to Knight Frank s Island Report.Foreign investors are taking advantage of the falling property prices, which have plunged by 30 percent over the last five years thanks to Greece s debt crisis. Here are some island hunters who hoped to profit from Greece s woes:Russian billionaire s daughter buys Skorpios for ~$150 million Ekaterina Rybolovleva, the daughter of Russian billionaire and former owner of Russia s largest potassium fertilizer producer Dmitry Rybolovlev, reportedly bought the island for $150 million in 2013. Skorpios was owned since 1962 by shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis and served as the location of his wedding to Jackie Kennedy. His daughter eventually sold it to Rybolovleva, although it was reported that Madonna and Bill Gates had expressed interest in scooping it up.Qatari Emir buys six Greek islands for $9.4 million If you can t afford Skorpios, buy a half a dozen other islands. That s what Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani did in 2013 when Rybolovleva reportedly wouldn t lower her asking price for Skorpios. Al Thani planned to use the islands exclusively for his 24 children and three wives, The Guardian reported.Brangelina looking at $4.7 million island Gaia Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie wanted their six children to run around in peace without the paparazzi, news outlets reported in June. The 43-acre island secured planning permission for six villas back in June, The Washington Post reported.Chinese construction magnate buys island for $770,000 In a bidding war of 48 Chinese investors in March, a Greek island up for auction on Taobao (China s eBay) was nabbed by a construction tycoon from China s Yunnan province, International Business Times reported. The same man also reportedly bought a Canadian island for 1.7 million yuan, or $273,985.Dozens of other Greek islands are listed on Private Islands Online, with more expected to crop up as once-wealthy owners are forced to liquidate their assets. A 54-acre Stroggilo Island, with  a perfect 110 meters beach that can easily transform to a heaven on earth place for vacations,  is available for the paltry sum of $4.5 million.Via: VocativGreece could exist outside the euroAdmittedly, it would mean yet more hardship and austerity, but maybe one day they would be able to use the freedom having their own currency would give them to rebuild a more competitive economy. It worked for Britain. That said, their euro currency debt would immediately rise in real-terms value against any New Drachma, and would make the debt burden even worse. Default would be inevitable; as it may be anyway.Even if they got their debts entirely written off, it would all start over again before longThis is the fundamental point. Greece was living beyond her means after the euro was introduced; taking advantage of the cheap interest rates on the euro bestowed by its status as a strong currency backed by Germany. They had a great big party, buying all those nice German cars and the consumer digital wonders of the noughties; and now the hangover is still taking time to work through. There is no reason to believe that such reforms as there have been in Greece will be enough to enable Greeks to live comfortably within their means. The debts will pile up and the crisis will return. Syriza has no policies to make Greece competitive with say the Slovaks or Poles, let alone Korea and China. Via: The Independent UK ",0
15467,MACY’S GETS THE BOOT FROM LOYAL CUSTOMERS AFTER FIRING TRUMP,"I know Patty and I are boycotting Macy s for dumping Donald Trump. It looks like thousands of Americans are also really sick and tired of all the pc actions taken by companies like Macy s. Boycott Macy s!Macy s is paying the price for sacking Donald Trump, because we ve learned thousands of customers are cutting up their Macy s credit card in protest.Sources connected to the department store tell TMZ, Macy s has received complaints from approximately 30,000 customers since ending its relationship with Trump nearly 2 weeks ago. We re told the store has been  inundated with complaints  from customers who believe the department store is unfairly punishing Trump for his views on immigration. Our sources say thousands of customers have vowed never to shop at Macy s again and many of them say they re cutting up their Macy s credit card to make a statement. We re told the complaints have come in various ways, including phone, Facebook and email. A Macy s spokesperson would only say,  Our Facebook page is often times used by our customers to express their feelings or points of view. Many times it does not correlate to any action. Read more: TMZ",0
15468,“Not a word”…That’s What The Parents Of Beautiful Young Woman Murdered By Illegal Alien In Sanctuary City Have Heard From White House [VIDEO],"Kate Steinle is the  wrong race, and she was killed by someone Obama is advocating for. If they can only get FOX News to stop reporting about it, this whole nightmare for Obama s executive amnesty/votes for Democrats program will go away The parents of Kathryn Steinle said Monday in a cable television news interview that they support a proposal to give mandatory prison time to deported people who return to the U.S. illegally. Steinle, 32, was walking along a waterfront in San Francisco when she was shot by a gun allegedly fired by Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, a Mexican national who was in the country illegally. Steinle s brother also appeared on Fox and revealed to Megyn Kelly that the White House hasn t even bothered to reach out to the family. Not heard a word,  Brad Steinle said. Instead, he said,  we find solace in the fact that Kate was doing what she loved and she was with the man she loved the most, my dad. WATCH VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BILL O REILLY HERE:Sanchez, 45, who has pleaded not guilty, had been released from jail months before the shooting, despite a federal immigration order asking local authorities to hold him.Jim Steinle and Liz Sullivan, of Pleasanton, California, were interviewed by Fox News talk-show host Bill O Reilly for a Monday segment on The O Reilly Factor.The death of their daughter has fueled a national debate on immigration, with advocates of stricter border control and even some Bay Area Democrats denouncing San Francisco as a city whose immigrant  sanctuary  protections harbor people who are in the country illegally.Supporters of sanctuary protections have jumped on O Reilly and others for politicizing the death. They say public safety is improved when immigrants can work with local police without fear of deportation.Steinle, who was at his daughter s side when she was shot, and his wife said the proposed  Kate s Law  would be a good way to keep her memory alive. O Reilly is collecting signatures for the petition, which would impose a mandatory five years in federal prison for people who are deported and return. We feel the federal, state and cities their laws are here to protect us,  Jim Steinle said.  But we feel that this particular set of circumstances and the people involved, the different agencies let us down. It ll be a legacy in her name and her death would not go unnoticed. The grieving parents said failings at multiple levels of government led to Sanchez being freed, but they re tired of finger-pointing.  Ff  Kate s Law  saves one person, then it s all for good,  said Steinle.Federal records show Sanchez had been deported three times before being sentenced to more than five years in federal prison. He had completed another four years in federal prison when he was shipped to San Francisco March 26 on an outstanding 1995 drug charge.The San Francisco District Attorney s office declined to prosecute, given the age of the case and the small amount of marijuana involved.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15469,TRUMP EXPOSES TRUTH ABOUT WHY U.S. STATE DEPT CHOOSES MUSLIM SYRIAN REFUGEES OVER CHRISTIANS [Video],"It s not just Trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. Expert Ann Corcoran tells us the truth about why our State Dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. Over the past several years Syrian Christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of Syria as ISIS tells them to convert or die.The Obama White House sa far has ignored their desperate plight.It is also widely known that Barack Obama has been absent as thousands of Iraqi and Syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by ISIS.Today in Las Vegas Donald Trump attacked the Obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of Syrian Muslims in the country while Christians from Syria suffer.https://youtu.be/KdmTpHE7ZoUIf you re worried Donald may not have his facts straight on this issue, listen to our friend and expert on the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement Program, Ann Corcoran explain how it works. You will be SHOCKED:",0
15470,EXPLODING AFRICAN REFUGEE POPULATION STRESSING WELFARE SYSTEM IN MINNESOTA Are Sending Millions Of Dollars Back To Africa,"It s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. It s our State Department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in Africa and the Middle East.This is one of those feel-good stories about how Minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding African migrant population. If you are a Minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.However, I caution readers on the numbers. The TwinCities Pioneer Press reports that there are about 85,000 Somalis in the whole US and that just isn t so the number is much larger. We painstakingly researched the numbers for just those entering the US through the refugee program and came up with over 100,000 in the last 25 years and that doesn t include a couple generations now of producing children. See this early post.You will see mention in the story that when census takers come around, the Africans are less than truthful about how many are living at the location.From TwinCities Pioneer Press:Of the 50 states, Minnesota has the ninth-largest population of African immigrants. About 60 percent come from East African nations such as Somalia and Ethiopia, and 25 percent from West African nations such as Nigeria and Liberia. The rest come from elsewhere in Africa.Of more than 85,700 Somalis officially known to reside in the U.S., nearly a third are thought to reside in Minnesota.Corrie, a professor at Concordia University in St. Paul, believes the state s African population produces $14 million in philanthropy within Minnesota each year, on top of $150 million in annual remittances to countries in Africa.I don t know why this is considered a good thing sending money out of America that will never benefit our economy!Some of the  smart  people on our side should get to work doing studies that will show the real picture including how much welfare is consumed by the immigrants, how costly is their medical care and education, the cost to the criminal justice system, and include an analysis of where the money goes!I m starting to think that glowing reports about how immigrants benefit the local economy include the money flowing into a state like Minnesota from the federal tax payer via welfare programs. Someone needs to find out!By the way, I don t see any mention in the Pioneer Press story about the fact that half of the state s Somalis live in poverty, here. Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchThe State Department has helped to relocate tens of thousands of refugees from the war-torn African nation of Somalia to Minnesota, where they can take advantage of some of America s most generous welfare and charity programs.But the effort is having the unintended consequence of creating an enclave of immigrants with high unemployment that is both stressing the state s safety net and creating a rich pool of potential recruiting targets for Islamist terror groups. Via: Washington Times ",0
15471,THIS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT IS YET ANOTHER REASON NOT TO VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON,"Another turn left for the Hillster so no school choice and no teacher accountability. Would you vote for someone who favors the Union over your kids? So much for liberating poor kids from failing schools While the media chase the Bernie Sanders rallies, keep your eye on the political crowds that matter. On Saturday the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) endorsed Hillary Clinton 16 months before Election Day.This counts in the fight for the Democratic Party nomination because the 1.6 million member union boasts it can make a million phone calls and knock on 500,000 doors. Bernie s Birkenstock irregulars can t match that political power and money.The endorsement is even more notable as another sign of Hillary s left political turn. Democrats in New York and elsewhere have been debating education reform, but by embracing the AFT Mrs. Clinton is choosing the union status quo that opposes school choice and teacher accountability.Via: WSJ",0
15472,THE FRENCH FLEUR DE LIS OF NEW ORLEANS JOINS THE LIST OF “RACIST” SYMBOLS,"Wow! The list just keeps getting longer and longer! We can all find something to be offended by but should we ban all those things? I doubt anyone really gives any consideration to the history of the flour de lis as it is used in many different ways. Our history is just that so let it be and move forward already!The fleur de lis, a French symbol used by royal families dating back to the 13th century, and emblazoned on the New Orleans Saints helmet, is now being called a symbol of slavery, drawing comparisons to the recent uproar against the Confederate battle flag. As an African I find it painful, and I think people whose ancestors were enslaved here may feel it even harder than I do as an African,  said slave historian Dr. Ibrahima Seck to WWLTV.He connects the usage of the fleur de lis, to  code noir,  or black code, which was adopted in Louisiana in 1724, and used to govern the state s slave population.Seck said a slave caught running away,  would be taken before a court and the sentence would be being branded on one shoulder and with the fleur de lis, and then they would crop their ears. Seck isn t alone. Tulane history professor Terence Fitzmorris said,  It was a brutal way of scarring someone and also identifying someone as a particular troublemaker. The symbol is also used currently in the coat of arms for the King of Spain. Via: The Daily Caller",0
15473,(VIDEO) COUNTER TERRORISM EXPERT SLAMS OBAMA ON THE HACKING OF 22 MILLION AMERICANS,It is under the Obama administration that the hacking of 22 million has happened so it is his administration s responsibility to protect American citizens. I agree 100%! ,0
15474,AWESOME! WATCH DONALD TRUMP GIVE THE PERFECT ANSWER TO A HECKLER,There s something about a politician who s not a professional politician that s so refreshing. ,0
15475,BUSTED: YOUNG NJ DEMOCRAT CHAIRMAN CAUGHT PUNCHING 75 YR OLD BLIND VETERAN VOLUNTEERING AT POLLS [Video],"As a poll challenger who has witnessed unbelievable blatant voter fraud by Democrats, I can only imagine what this poll worker might have done to cross this Democrat chairman.The chairman of the Essex County Democratic Committee in New Jersey is accused of punching a blind Army veteran following an argument at a polling location during East Orange s council primary last month.Video was released purportedly showing Leroy Jones punching 75-year-old Bill Graves, who was volunteering as a poll worker during the incident on primary day, June 2.  I hear this rumbling,  Where the blank is Bill Graves? I m gonna kick his butt!  Mr. Graves told a local ABC affiliate.  You can see on the tape it was intentional. The suspect, identified by Essex County Prosecutors as Mr. Jones, is seen throwing several punches at Mr. Graves following what appears to be a heated confrontation.Mr. Graves and his friends said Mr. Jones attacked him because he was backing a political candidate that Mr. Jones did not support, ABC reported.Mr. Jones, however, said he was defending his wife, who was also working at the polls. Mr. Jones said the veteran got aggressive with his wife during an argument, and she called her husband for help, a local CBS affiliate reported. This man threatened my wife. This man assaulted my wife. This man charged at my wife,  Mr. Jones said.Mr. Jones has been charged with simple assault, reports said. Mr. Graves was not charged.Mr. Graves, who is completely blind in one eye and legally blind in the other, said his vision has gotten worse since the attack. Angry, disgusted, because why should I have to run back and forth to the doctor because someone decided to hit me,  he told ABC.  It s not good, that s all I can say. I m smiling, but I m not laughing. Via: Washington Times",0
15476,FATHER OF HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STAR SHOT AND KILLED BY ILLEGAL ALIEN INTRODUCES TRUMP TO THOUSANDS IN AZ [Video]," They shot him in the head with a  45. They found out from the coroner that he was on his back (like this)with his hands  up and they shot him through his hands and through his head. Now that s the original  Hands up don t shoot,  cuz that really happened.  And Mr. Trump is willing to go out and sacrifice, he doesn t need money, he doesn t need power, he s powerful already. He has a name, he has what he needs, but he loves America. He loves America. He wants to make it good again. Jamiel Shaw Sr., the father of a high school student killed by an undocumented immigrant, will introduce Donald Trump on Saturday at a rally in Phoenix, Trump campaign officials tell CNN.Shaw s son, a high school football star, was shot and killed in Los Angeles in 2008 by a gang member born in Mexico. On Friday, Trump met in Los Angeles with Shaw and other family members of victims of crimes perpetrated by undocumented immigrants. He then gave a lengthy press conference in which he consistently railed against illegal immigration.Shaw said Friday that Trump s recent comments about illegal immigration resonated deeply with him. He s speaking for the dead. He s speaking for my son,  he said.  He s speaking for the people who can t speak for themselves that demand that somebody do something. At Friday s press conference, Trump claimed Mexico was sending its criminals to the United States. The fact that they are sending criminals and prisoners into our country and there are people stupid enough to put them in jails or let them roam the street, which is even worse, I have to respect (Mexico) for it,  Trump said. I don t know it you know, (former Cuban leader Fidel) Castro, many years ago, opened up his prisons and sent his prisoners to the United States,  he continued.  In a much more sophisticated manner, Mexico is doing the same thing. Here is Jamiel Shaw Sr. s introduction today:Trump, who announced his White House campaign bid last month, sparked national outrage by saying that some people crossing the border into the United States from Mexico were  rapists  and  criminals.  A slew of corporations, including Macy s, NBC and ESPN, responded to his inflammatory remarks by severing business ties with the real estate magnate.Despite the backlash, Trump has doubled down on his rhetoric.And the support that he is receiving from Shaw and others demonstrates that the businessman s message is appealing to some* (many) voters who view illegal immigration as a serious problem. *edit by 100% FED UP!Via: CNN ",0
15477,CHINESE IMMIGRANT OWES MILLIONS FOR SELLING COUNTERFEIT GOODS IN U.S. GETS Protection From Chinese Banks And U.S. Citizenship,"Counterfeiting is illegal by the way and shouldn t be rewarded with American citizenship This could be the story of an American dream. An immigrant family builds a successful business and buys a four-bedroom house in a quiet neighborhood with good schools for their young son. But not all is as it seems on the steep, curving streets of San Diego s Rancho Penasquitos.A 45-year-old Chinese woman, Xu Ting, lives in a brown shingle house with a weedy driveway. She has been sued for counterfeiting by eight luxury brands, including Gucci and Louis Vuitton, and owes Chanel Inc. $6.9 million in damages. None of this has stopped her from becoming a legal permanent resident of the United States and achieving a comfortable suburban life.China is not the only country with a counterfeiting problem. Most fakes are made in China, but they are sold in America. Counterfeiting is not a priority on par with drug smuggling or money laundering, and is rarely prosecuted as a crime. The lack of legal cooperation with China makes it easy for counterfeiters to move their money beyond the reach of Western law enforcement   and hard to root out counterfeiting kingpins. As long as counterfeiters can stay out of jail and hold on to their profits   and consumers continue to buy   the trade in fakes will likely thrive.Despite spending millions on brand protection, companies often end up playing whack-a-mole, shutting down producers and distributors of fakes, only to see them pop up again. Xu Ting simply refused to show up in court over the years. Instead, doing graduate studies in statistics at San Diego State University, helped her family amass at least $890,000 in bank accounts back in China, and bought the $585,000 Rancho Penasquitos house with her husband, who has also been involved in selling counterfeit luxury goods, public records and court cases in China and the U.S. show. There s a million ways to game the system,  said Dan Plane, an intellectual property lawyer at Simone IP Services in Hong Kong, who is not involved in litigation against Xu Ting.  Probably the only thing that s going to stop her is when she passes away   probably on an island resort somewhere   or if she gets arrested. FINDING XU TINGIn the web of lies that counterfeiters weave   fake names, fake addresses, fake Internet domain registrations   one thing is always true: their bank account information.The need to get paid is the counterfeiter s fatal flaw, and Xu Ting s bank accounts were the first crack in her armor of misdirection.Her legal troubles began in 2008, when a federal judge in California ordered Xu Ting   who declined multiple requests for comment for this story   to pay Chanel Inc. $6.9 million in damages for selling counterfeits online. She still hasn t paid the damages, according to Chanel spokeswoman Kathrin Schurrer. The essential point for Chanel is really shutting down the counterfeiting operations, which we did successfully,  Schurrer wrote in an email.But after the lawsuit, Xu Ting s business continued to grow.In 2009, a Florida judge ruled against Xu Ting and shut down seven websites she was accused of helping run that sold fake Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs and Celine. She did not show up in court.That case didn t stop her either.The next year, Gucci, Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta and Yves Saint Laurent   all brands belonging to France s Kering group   filed a lawsuit in New York federal court against Xu Ting, her future husband, her younger brother, her mother and six others who the companies said sold more than $2 million worth of fake handbags and wallets online to U.S. customers. Gucci alleges that the group shipped merchandise from China to a house in San Diego, where it was repackaged and passed off as genuine.Four days after the suit was filed, Xu Ting married a Chinese man, Xu Lijun, a civil engineer licensed in California who is six years her junior, according to her marriage license issued in the San Diego suburb of El Cajon.Gucci subpoenaed banking records. JP Morgan Chase handed over account records with a wealth of information about the couple: addresses, dates of birth, driver s license, Social Security and passport numbers and a student identification card.In November 2010, Xu Lijun reached a settlement with Gucci   the only defendant to do so. He denied wrongdoing but agreed to let Gucci keep $400,000 in counterfeiting proceeds seized from accounts outside China. He also agreed to pay a $7,500 fine, according to a copy of the judge s order.Eric Siegle, a New York City lawyer who represented Xu Lijun, said he was  a small-time nobody,  and that Gucci s lawsuit, like many others, failed to tackle the real powers behind the operation. The people they are arresting or suing here in the United States are low-level people,  Siegle said.  If you can find where the money is going, you can get to the heart of the problem. It s like the drug wars. Why are we arresting all these kids on street corners? But Gucci, which is seeking $12 million in damages, couldn t find where the money was going because Chinese banks, including the state-run Bank of China, refused to disclose transaction details about the counterfeiters  accounts in China. BOC cannot comply with such orders without violating Chinese law,  the Bank of China said in an email. GREEN CARD? NO PROBLEMXu Ting s legal troubles did not prevent her from getting a green card. In February 2014, she became a legal permanent resident by virtue of being married to someone with an advanced degree or  extraordinary ability,  according to the person familiar with the matter.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services spokesman Christopher Bentley declined to comment, citing privacy concerns.Dan Kowalski, an immigration attorney and editor of Bender s Immigration Bulletin, said immigration officials may not have known about Xu Ting s legal problems but, more likely, didn t consider them disqualifying. Grounds for denying a green card range from committing a serious crime to having communicable disease but there s nothing about civil liabilities.  A vaguer requirement for  good moral character  is more commonly applied for citizenship, not legal residence.In the U.S., most counterfeiting prosecutions are civil cases brought by companies seeking to shut down websites selling fakes and get financial compensation. Criminal cases, which lawyers say are a far more effective deterrent, are rare. A person is more likely to be struck by lightning than imprisoned for counterfeiting,  said Geoffrey Potter, an intellectual property lawyer at New York s Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler.In an email, Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said,  Large-scale commercial counterfeiting is one of the top enforcement priorities of the department s Intellectual Property Task Force, which continues to have a number of significant prosecutions. The Department of Homeland Security seized $1.2 billion worth of fakes at U.S. borders last year, but the Justice Department filed just 91 criminal cases for selling counterfeit goods and services in fiscal year 2014. By comparison, the Justice Department filed 22,530 cases for immigration violations, 12,184 cases for drug-related offenses and 12,509 violent crime cases during the same period.The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center, a multiagency group led by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, reports slightly more counterfeit-related crime   683 arrests, 454 indictments, 461 convictions in the 2014 fiscal year   because its tally includes local prosecutions and counterfeit-related activity, like wire fraud.Decisions about whether to prosecute criminally typically start with a U.S. attorney s office, whose priorities vary by district, said Bruce Foucart, director of the multiagency group. Some may give weight to the volume of faked goods, others to the suspect s history. If the U.S. attorney s office declines a case, investigators try to persuade local prosecutors.China is the largest source country for seized counterfeit goods, and apparel and accessories are the largest category of merchandise. Foucart, who didn t know about Xu Ting, said luxury goods are typically made in Guangzhou and sent by container or courier like FedEx to the U.S. They may be sold in stores or flea markets but are usually hawked online. Unfortunately, once you shut one (website) down, they have 10 more ready to open up in a different name,  said Foucart.Brand owners also bear responsibility. Government agencies often rely on them for tips and investigative legwork.U.S. law gives companies broad powers to enforce court judgments. Unpaid judgments accrue interest and last for 20 years, said Potter, the intellectual property lawyer. Even a bankruptcy won t erase the debt.  The counterfeiter can t own a business, buy a house, have a bank account or borrow money from a bank,  Potter said.  If the counterfeiter takes a regular job, the judgment holder can garnish her wages. But doing the kind of work required to root out debtors like Xu Ting   public records searches to see whether they own real estate, subpoenaing credit card bills to track spending habits, hiring investigators to determine whether they have jobs   takes relentless commitment, and money.Via: AP ",0
15478,WALMART WILL MELT CLASS RINGS WITH CONFEDERATE FLAG: [Video] Refuses To Fulfill Order For Arkansas Woman…Will Refund Payment,"An Arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from Walmart left disappointed, after store officials told her the retailer s new policy barred them from turning the item over   because it bore an image of the Confederate flag.Elaine Glidewell told KFSM someone from the store in Fort Smith called her to pick up the ring she d ordered for her nephew, but when she arrived on Tuesday, a clerk told her she couldn t have it. The ring had been ordered before Walmart stopped selling items bearing images of the flag, in the wake of controversy that stemmed from a racially-charged shooting in South Carolina. I wanted to cry,  Glidewell told KFSM, adding that the store clerk said the ring would be  melted. Glidewell said she paid $320 for the ring and was going to present it to her nephew, who recently graduated. He had expressed interest in a design that bore a Rebel mascot that incorporates the Confederate battle flag. She got her money back, but no ring. They wouldn t let me have the ring. It had a note on it, was in a plastic bag, it said do not sell. It was signed by the store manager,  Glidewell said.Brian Nick, spokesman for Walmart, told FoxNews.com Glidewell was denied the ring because her transaction came after the retailer made a  business decision  to stop selling items with the Confederate flag on it.Via: FOX News",0
15479,HOW FAILED DEMOCRAT LEADERSHIP IS TAKING NYC BACK TO PRE-[Rudy] GILLIANI ERA,"Miss him yet?Here s an up-close look at a quality-of-life offense the City Council wants to decriminalize.This urinating vagrant turned a busy stretch of Broadway into his own private bathroom yesterday   an offense that would result in a mere summons if Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and her pals get their way.Wrapped in rags and a Mets blanket the hobo wandered into traffic at around 10:30 a.m. and relieved himself as cabs, cars and buses whizzed by between West 83rd and 84th streets on the Upper West Side.He finished his business at a nearby garbage bin, then strolled back to the front of a Victoria s Secret store at Broadway and 85th Street, where he camped out for the rest of the day.Mark-Viverito in April announced plans to decriminalize public urination along with five other low-level offenses: biking on the sidewalk, public consumption of alcohol, being in a park after dark, failure to obey a park sign and jumping subway turnstiles. Police Commissioner Bill Bratton   who in the early  90s implemented a  broken windows  approach to policing to dramatically cut crime   is against the new plan, saying such offenses lead to more serious crimes.Bill Caprese, 38, who lives on 82nd Street with his 6-year-old daughter, was appalled by the street urinator. It s absolutely a failure of government. It s a total abject failure,  he said.  The mayor could fix it. The governor could fix it. We need asylums. Unfortunately for NYC, radical socialist Mayor DeBlasio turned his back on the NYPD, whose job it is to control the crime. An employee at the Victoria s Secret, where the homeless man often lounges, said he drives away business. He curses people out, threatens lives,  said the employee, who works in the lingerie chain s loss-prevention department. Customers complain about him all the time. And the growing problem isn t solely on city streets. Transit hubs, including Penn Station, are plagued by surging numbers of homeless people who publicly masturbate, harass bystanders and demand free food as the city looks the other way, commuters complain. It reminds me of the pre-[Rudy] Giuliani era,  said Jim Hoover, 60, who has been commuting through Penn Station since 1986.  The police aren t chasing them away anymore. Just outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal, a homeless man drunkenly knocked a woman to the floor while stumbling around the sidewalk.The bum, who goes by  Monk,  was arrested by a cop at the scene and taken away by an FDNY ambulance. He s going to get a hospital bed and a slap on the wrist,  said Timothy Arroyo, who was watching from a crowd that gathered.  He ll be back out here tomorrow. A PA source said there has been a  noticeable uptick  in vagrants at the terminal in recent months.Via: NYP",0
15480,FULL RAW VIDEO: Donald Trump Press Conference with families of people killed by illegal aliens.,Great press conference with Trump! He makes so much sense and is hitting on the right points. It s about time! ,0
15481,WHY OBAMA IGNORED MURDER BY ILLEGAL ALIEN IN SANCTUARY CITY: You Have Never Seen Megyn Kelly This Mad Before!,"Fox News host Megyn Kelly shut down a liberal guest in a blistering Thursday night exchange about President Barack Obama s silence on the senseless killing of Kate Steinle at a San Francisco tourist area.Kelly observed that the president was only too willing to speak out on the Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Freddie Gray killings, but was noticeably silent on Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant who d been deported five times and had seven felony convictions. When asked repeatedly this week to speak to this case, White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to weigh in, other than to refer folks to the Department of Homeland Security,  Kelly said.  A stark contrast to what we saw after Michael Brown was killed in Ferguson [Missouri], a man we now know was attacking a police officer at the time of his death. Liberal talk show host Richard Fowler made the ridiculous claim that the woman would be alive today if Congress had passed immigration reform legislation. Stop that! Stop that! Stop that! Answer my question please,  Kelly said.  Give an answer! You can t!   There s no excuse for it! He picks and chooses the victims he wants to highlight. And apparently, this victim wasn t deemed worthy. When political consultant Marc Thiessen asked Fowler to explain his statement that Obama doesn t support sanctuary cities for illegal immigrants, Fowler veered off into left field and again brought up lack of immigration reform, placing the blame on Republican lawmakers for not acting on immigration reform. That s a dodge! Support what you just said, Richard!  Kelly shot back.  Stop it   You keep making these assertions and then you dance off to the sidelines. You said the president doesn t support sanctuary city policies. What do you base that on? I base it on the fact that if we had comprehensive immigration reform there would be no need for sanctuary cities,  Fowler repeated.  And I m pretty sure the White House would tell you the same thing tonight. Via: Breitbart News",0
15482,FLAMING RINO ALERT! LINDSEY GRAHAM: ‘TRUMP IS GOING TO KILL MY PARTY’,"Graham was on CNN today and had this to say about Trump: He said something that has brought people who are frustrated about the immigration stem to life, but he also said it in a way that s going to kill my party. Here is the problem with the Republican party nationally. We are getting 27 percent of the Hispanic vote. We are getting less than 10 percent of the African-American vote and about 25 percent, 26 percent of the Asian vote. You ll never convince me that we ve gone from 44 percent of the Hispanic vote now do you to 27 percent if it were not for the rhetoric around the immigration debate. This is a moment for the party. When Donald Trump says, who has done many good things, he sponsors charities for Wounded Warriors, he s given a lot of money away to good causes, but as a presidential candidate he said the following, that most illegal immigrants are rapists and drug dealers and there may be some among them that are good. That s reinforcing a narrative within the Republican Party and the Hispanic community that is going to destroy our ability to win a presidential election. And the party needs to be clear about how we handle this. ",0
15483,PETTY FAA REBUKES TRUMP,"THE FAA IS GETTING PETTY AND VINDICTIVE The agency said Thursday it intends to rename three navigation points near Palm Beach International Airport in Florida that currently are named for the billionaire and Republican presidential candidate.It s fairly common for the FAA to name such points, which are used by pilots and air traffic controllers, for local figures. Trump has a home in Palm Beach. In 2010, a local air traffic controller named the points DONLD, TRMMP and UFIRED. The last is a reference to the catchphrase  You re fired  from Trump s reality TV show  The Apprentice. The FAA said in a statement that the agency generally chooses names that are non-controversial.Trump has been under fire for recent statements accusing many immigrants of being drug dealers and rapists.Via: Breitbart News ",0
15484,OUTRAGEOUS! MEMPHIS VOTES TO DIG UP CONFEDERATE GENERAL AND WIFE,"THE CLEANSING OF OUR HISTORY CONTINUES What the heck is wrong with the city of Memphis???Late Tuesday, the Memphis, Tennessee, City Council voted unanimously to dig up the remains of Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest and his wife, Talking Points Memo reported Wednesday. The council also voted to remove a statue placed in Forrest s honor. The move came after Mayor A.C. Wharton called for the bodies to be dug up and relocated.Tuesday s vote is not the end of the story, however. According to WREG, the Chancery Court would also have to approve the removal of the remains and Forrest s family would also be involved in the decision.Forrest and his wife are currently buried beneath a statute honoring the general in a park which had been named after him until two years ago. The park is now known as Memphis  Health Sciences Park.Officials with Elmwood Cemetery   the location of Forrest s original resting place   said they would be willing to help move the remains but said they did not want to become the new home of the statue. It is not known where the statue would go if the Tennessee Historic Commission approves its removal. The commission is not set to meet before October. It is no longer politically correct to glorify someone who was a slave trader, someone who was a racist, on public property,  said City Council member Myron Lowery. WREG said Lowery spearheaded the effort to remove Forrest, his wife and the statue. The move to relocate Forrest is part of what many now see as a Stalinist effort to purge U.S. history after the tragic shooting in a Charleston, South Carolina church that left nine dead.Not everyone is celebrating the vote, however. Lee Millar, a spokesperson for the Sons of the Confederate Veterans, said the shooting proves the need for the statue to remain. I think it s disgusting that people use the shooting in Charleston and use those victims to forward their own agenda and join this anti-Confederate hysteria that s going on,  he said.  To attack something like that now I feel is just really misguided,  he added, calling the response in Memphis and other places a knee-jerk reaction.Katherine Blalock, an area resident whose great grandfather served with Forrest in the Confederate Army, agreed.  We need to have a coming together of people, not a divide and conquer,  she said.But it seems that dividing the country is exactly what some want. Not content with removing the Confederate battle flag from the national memory, some now want to see the Jefferson Memorial taken down. Retail stores have yanked the battle flag and the House has voted to forbid sales of the battle flag at National Parks. As we reported Wednesday, one former academic called the U.S. Constitution a Confederate symbol and said it should be edited.Via: examiner ",0
15485,DID TRUMP OFFEND HISPANIC AMERICANS WITH HIS REMARKS? The Latest Poll Numbers With Hispanics May Surprise You,"The GOP leadership may want to rethink their position on amnesty for illegals. American citizens (yes, including Hispanic Americans) are more interested in a President who abides by the rule of law than one who is beholden to corporations for donations Build a wall and enforce our border laws it s really pretty simple.Rick Perry blasted Donald Trump for his comments on immigration. It s been widely suggested that those comments would turn off Latino voters and Trump was ridiculed for saying that he could win Latino voters.But the latest, very favorable YouGov poll for Trump, shows Trump doing better with Hispanic respondents than Rick Perry. Trump scores a 19%  very favorable  and a 9% very favorable. He also has a 51% very unfavorable. Rick Perry has a 7% very favorable and a 16% favorable. Of course around a third of Hispanics just don t know who Rick Perry is so it s possible that he could improve his numbers.There are similar numbers for most Republican candidates.Jeb Bush has a 12% very favorable and a 20% favorable. Those are good numbers, but Jeb Bush lags Trump among the very favorables and isn t that far head in the total favorables. Considering that Jeb Bush s people are positioning him as a guy who can talk to Latino voters and has been front and center attacking Trump, those are not impressive numbers.Ben Carson has some of the best numbers among Latinos with a 17% very favorable and a 13% somewhat favorable. His numbers among black voters are actually poor, but he s popular with Latinos.Ted Cruz is at 17% very favorable and 24% favorable. His unfavorables are at a combined 29% with 30% who don t know who he is. These are pretty good numbers.Some of the best numbers come from Mike Huckabee with 19% very favorable and 17% very favorable, but these numbers are skewed because 45% don t know who he is. But his negatives are low. The same goes for Bobby Jindal with 13% and 16% favorables among Hispanics and likewise many don t know who he is.Marco Rubio has a 20% very favorable and 16% somewhat favorable with an unfavorable combined of over 40% with only 21% not knowing who he is.That s the important point about Trump s unfavorability numbers. While they look terrible, it s quite likely that most or all of the Republican candidates will end up with high unfavorables after they become better known and have had enough media attacks leveled against them.When only 11% don t know who Marco Rubio is, his unfavorable numbers will probably still be better than those of Trump, but assuming he won and was nominated, I m not sure how much better they would be by the end of the election.These numbers don t mean that Trump will win the Latino vote. Obviously not. But they do mean that1. The Latino vote is not monolithic. There is concern there about illegal immigration and the resulting gang violence. And economic issues trump immigration. Perry arguably has a better record on that than Trump, but few non-Texans might know that. After all the attacks on Trump, he has some of the highest positive numbers among Republicans. He s beating or neck and neck with immigration panderers.2. Being critical on illegal immigration is not necessarily a political death sentence despite the corporate and media hysteria stirred up to make it look that way.One more piece of bad news, despite Marco Rubio s hard sell as the youth candidate, he s doing no better or worse among younger respondents than Trump. Ted Cruz is doing somewhat better than Rubio.Via: Front Page Magazine",0
15486,“COMEDIAN” CHRIS ROCK WAS A RACIST BEFORE IT WAS COOL: “You can’t beat white people at anything…nothing. But you can knock ’em out.” [VIDEO],"To watch a black comedian with a net worth of $70 million in a country with a majority white population whine about his victimhood is just pathetic. And for anyone who thinks it s okay for Rock to spew this kind of hatred for whites in a video because he s a  comedian,  you may want to watch this video (especially starting at the 3:10 mark) because there s nothing funny about anything he has to say: My dad used to say: You can t beat white people at anything nothing. But you can knock  em out.' In my neighborhood, there s like 3- 4 black people in my neighborhood in Alpine. It s me, Gary Sheffield, Mary Jane Blige, Patrick Ewing. Hall of Famer, Hall of Famer, greatest R & B singer of our time. Who lives next to me? What s the white man next to me? He s a dentist. He didn t invent anything, he s just a dentist. That s what America is.(So, going to college and becoming a successful dentist is something that was  given  to him?) Tell the third generation white coal miner about his  white privilege  Chris. Tell the white single mom flipping burgers by day and cleaning hotel rooms by night about her  white privilege  Chris. Maybe, just maybe, if you took off your racist goggles for 5 minutes, you might see that blacks don t have the market on victimhood.  And if you think anything has changed since victim Chris Rock made this racist video, here is a video he made about the Confederate flag 3 years ago. Watch as he attempts to mock every white person (or  cracker  as he calls them). The best line is when he calls Al Sharpton  Martin Luther King with a perm : ",0
15487,"DETROIT’S AL SHARPTON WANNABE Attempts To Bully NAACP Award Winning Artist, Kid Rock Into Ditching Confederate Flag [VIDEO]","Never mind the fact that Kid Rock fought for and won full custody of his black son, whom he raised by himself.Never mind that Kid Rock was chosen to recieve the Detroit chapter of the NAACP s highest award for service to the black community. He s still a  racist  because a flag makes him one  Right little Al?None of that matters to the race hustling crowd who make a living by shaking down citizens for violating their special set of rules. These shake down artists should be in prison, but you re more likely to find them discussing strategy at the White House or attending a Democrat party fundraiser. In the land of the left, these race baiters play an important role in the victim business, and as we all know, the victim business brings in votes. Watch the  Reverend  Charles Williams II in action:Megyn Kelly of FOX News delivered a message to her viewers during her show from Kid Rock to Al Sharpton wannabe,  Reverend  William Charles II:https://youtu.be/Sic7tNLtxkQ ",0
15488,SO TALENTED! HILLARY CLINTON TALKS TO THE DEAD (VIDEO),"I forgot about the claim from Hillary Clinton that she had actually talked to Eleanor Roosevelt. Crazy! Nobody tells stories like this better than Rush Limbaugh Transcript from Rush Limbaugh: It appears in Page Six of the New York Post, and the headline is:  If Hillary Makes it to the White House, So Will Huma Abedin.  Richard Johnson has the story. You know what it s about? It s about the fact that they ve already planned the bedroom in the White House Huma is going to use.She s going to live there with Hillary! She s going to live in the White House in the same bedroom on the second floor residence  Let me just read it to you. This is OrbMagazine, by the way, Richard Johnson gets the details from. Richard Turley is the writer in OrbMagazine.  After 20 years as Hillary s gatekeeper, no one else could screen the calls and decide who gets access as ably as she does.  Orb predicts Clinton, in emulation of her hero Eleanor Roosevelt, will install Huma in the second-floor bedroom occupied during the FDR administration by Lorena Hickok Do you know who Lorena Hickok was? (interruption) You ever heard of Lorena Hickok? (interruption) You have? (interruption) You tell me. You ve heard of Lorena ? (interruption) All right, here you go. Snerdley s on the case. Huma will sleep  in the second-floor bedroom occupied during the FDR administration by Lorena Hickok,  the journalist who was Mrs. Roosevelt s soul mate and intimate companion.'  Yes, indeed. So Hillary s got a hero, heroine. It s Eleanor Roosevelt.Remember, you people that were  Maybe you Millennials, you may not know this. I doubt that you have been told this in your education, and I doubt you ve run across this at Yahoo! News or Yahoo Parenting. But do you know that back in 1992/1993, Hillary Clinton actually (late at night, early in the morning) walked the halls of the White House and said she spoke with Eleanor Roosevelt s ghost, and that Eleanor Roosevelt guided her, gave her advice, mentored her?Eleanor Roosevelt s ghost! While Hillary prowled the empty halls of the White House. (interruption) Some people think I m kidding? You know, they might. You re right, Snerdley. I m not kidding. For those of you Millennials everything I said dead on. Hillary admitted to this. We only know this because Hillary told us, and she told us this proudly. And, by the way, the Drive-By Media back then thought it was wonderful.Nobody said,  What! You re running around talking to Eleanor Roosevelt s ghost?  Nobody said that. Everybody said,  Wow, that s cool! Holy smokes! What did she tell you?  And Hillary had an answer.  What Eleanor say?   She told me to hang in there. She told me  It s incredible. You re right; there s probably some Millennials listening who think I m just totally making this up. I m not. It happened.Anyway, they ve already got Huma in the same bedroom that Eleanor Roosevelt s  intimate companion  slept in. (interruption) Well, apparently, just like FDR got left out in the cold! What is this  soul mate and intimate companion Lorena Hickok ? What about FDR? (interruption) Well, I know he had his own soul mate and intimate companion   and Weiner has a phone. He has his own soul mate and intimate companion. It will work!Via: live leak",0
15489,HOUSE DEMOCRATS DISPLAY THE WRONG FLAG DURING SPEECHES ON HOUSE FLOOR AGAINST THE CONFEDERATE FLAG,"This is just too much! Protesting the flag that they don t even know has 13 stars unreal!House Democrats referenced the wrong Confederate flag Thursday during a debate over the controversial symbol.A photo from floor debates shows a Confederate flag with 17 stars, according to a post on CSPAN s Instagram account.The actual Confederate battle flag had 13 stars, one for each of the states that seceded from the Union before joining the Confederacy as of late 1861.CSPAN s photo shows a number of House Democrats speaking by a cutout of the incorrect version on Thursday morning.Reps. James Clyburn (S.C.), Al Green (Texas), Keith Ellison (Minn.), David Cicilline (R.I.), Eric Swalwell (Calif.), Hakeem Jeffries (N.Y.), Sheila Jackson Lee (Texas) and Terri Sewell (Ala.) all missed the apparent mistake.VIA: THE HILL",0
15490,TRUMP THREATENS TO SUE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT ACTIVIST AND FAV OBAMA CELEBRITY CHEF For Pulling Out Of Restaurant Deal In New DC Hotel,"America better wake up and realize we are quickly becoming victims of leftist bullies and their desire to destroy our right to free speech Celebrity chef Jose Andres is backing out of a deal to put his new flagship restaurant inside the new Trump International Hotel in Washington DC after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump caused a media firestorm with his recent comments about illegal immigration.In a statement, Andres whose ThinkFoodGroup oversees more than a dozen restaurants in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, and Puerto Rico said comments Trump made about illegal immigration during his presidential campaign announcement last month  make it impossible  for him to open his restaurant in Trump s new hotel. Donald Trump s recent statements disparaging immigrants make it impossible for my company and I to move forward with opening a successful Spanish restaurant in Trump International s upcoming hotel in Washington D.C.,  Andres said in a statement.  More than half of my team is Hispanic, as are many of our guests. And, as a proud Spanish immigrant and recently naturalized American citizen myself, I believe that every human being deserves respect, regardless of immigration status. Andres s statement comes after Washington DC resident Erick Sanchez started a Change.org petition asking the chef to pull his planned restaurant from Trump s hotel. The petition had gathered 2,750 signatures by Wednesday afternoon, but it was unclear whether it had played a role in Andres s decision.In an email to the Washington Post, Trump s son Donald Trump Jr. said that Andres had  no right  to back out of what he said is a 10-year lease the chef signed with the hotel and threatened legal action:Our relationship with Jos  Andr s has always been a good one, but simply put, Jos  has no right to terminate or otherwise abandon his obligations under the lease. In the event Mr. Andres defaults in the performance of his obligations, we will not hesitate to take legal action to recover all unpaid rent for the entire 10 year term together with all attorneys  fees and additional damages we may sustain. We will also enforce the exclusivity provisions preventing Mr. Andr s from opening a competing restaurant anywhere in the D.C area. Mr. Andr s  obligations under the lease are clear and unambiguous. More importantly, construction is ahead of schedule at Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. and when completed in 2016, will be a crown jewel within the Trump Hotel Collection.Andres has been a vocal advocate for immigration reform. In a 2013 op-ed for the Post, the chef, who became a naturalized American citizen after living in the United States for decades, lobbied Congress to pass an immigration bill that had stalled in the legislature. The fellow immigrants I ve known and worked with over the years, those with legal status and those without, are here for the right reasons,  Andres wrote.  They don t want to cause any trouble, take any handouts or steal anyone s job. Many already pay taxes and have jobs   tough, dirty, exhausting work that America depends on, such as picking our tomatoes, cleaning our fish or canning our products on cold factory floors for low wages and no benefits. Andres s decision to cut ties with Trump follows other individuals and companies who have backed away from the real estate mogul and presidential candidate in recent weeks. NBC, Univision, Macy s, PGA Golf, the Miss Universe pageant, and ESPN have all distanced themselves from Trump following his comments.Via: Breitbart News",0
15491,"NOT SO FAST: CA LIBS TRY TO ‘Drought Shame’ Conservative Actor Tom Selleck For ‘Stealing’ Water, But Ventura County Sheriff Disagrees","When will the libs start Delta Smelt shaming and demand answers from the left for putting a fish before the lives and livelihood of so many TV cop Tom Selleck may or may not have improperly swiped precious water by the magnum, but he didn t commit a crime, real California cops told NBC News on Wednesday.Selleck, the 70-year-old star of  Blue Bloods  and formerly of  Magnum, P.I.,  and his wife, Jillie, were sued this week by the Calleguas Municipal Water District in Ventura County for allegedly sending a water tender   like the giant tanker trucks used to supply fire engines   to siphon off tankloads of water from a public hydrant at a construction site at least 12 times over the last two years.The water district said in its suit that it hired a real private investigator who several times observed the same water tender leave the 61-acre ranch the fictional P.I. owns in the ritzy Hidden Valley area of Ventura County, which is in a different water district and was assessed last year at more than $10 million (and was once owned by Dean Martin).The suit says the water district sent cease-and-desist letters to Selleck after its investigator spotted the truck at the hydrant eight times the week of Sept. 29, 2013.But the truck showed up again in December of that year, and was tracked as it proceeded to Selleck s property, according to the suit.Then, on four straight days just last March, the same truck again drained tankloads of water from the construction site and delivered it to the Selleck ranch, the suit says. The suit seeks an order forcing Selleck to stop using the district s water, plus reimbursement for the $21,685.55 it paid the investigator, with damages and other costs.But the suit is a civil action, not a criminal case. Ventura County sheriff s Capt. John Riley meanwhile told NBC News that the sheriff s office did investigate allegations of criminal water theft, but  we are unable to establish a crime was committed. The Ventura County district attorney s office also confirmed that no case has been referred to it for prosecution.Selleck hasn t responded to requests for comment, and it s unknown whether he has anything to do with the water truck, which is registered under a commercial license.Eric Bergh, the water district s manager of resources, said the suit wasn t meant to be an example of  drought shaming,  a peculiarly California activity in which people suspected of hogging water are publicly called out. Our policies have been on the books for decades,  Bergh said.  We just want any such activity to stop   that is the bottom line for us. It s really about doing the right thing and preserving our water supply for our users. Via: CNBC",0
15492,TOP DEMOCRAT ACTIVIST WHO LAUNCHED ONLINE CAMPAIGN TO THREATEN AND BULLY 12 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE Is Facing Charges [Video],"CJ Pearson, the 12 year old conservative social media sensation who was bullied and threatened by grown-ups on the left, has more class in his little finger than the entire Democrat party combined. Here is a video message to President Barack Obama by CJ Pearson regarding his hatred for America that has over 1 million hits:The woman who launched an online campaign of bullying and veiled threats against Internet sensation CJ Pearson, frightening the young conservative s family enough to drive the boy briefly out of politics late last week, has been identified as a  top Democratic activist  from Baltimore.And the Pearson family is planning to press charges.According to a Facebook posting Sunday by Ali A. Akbar of Vice and Victory, a consulting firm that works with CJ, the woman behind the Twitter account  Mona Hussein Obama  is actually named Mona Brown. What she did was against the law,  Akbar said on the video, vowing to  expose a troll, a bully, a grown adult and top Democrat activist in Maryland for bullying a 12-year-old. Late last week, Brown began her Twitter campaign of harassment against Pearson in retaliation for Internet videos harshly critical of Obama that have made the boy an Internet sensation. Her tweets ranged from insults    your fam has been bowing down to white ppl    to hints of violence  Wish we could switch Trayvon s life for yours. On Facebook Friday, the 12-year-old announced he had had enough. After much thought and consideration, I ve decided to take a break from politics and political commentary,  he wrote.  I had a horribly rough night on Twitter after a woman not only threatened to sue me for expressing my opinions but threatened my family. The boy handed over his social media accounts to Vice and Victory, which quickly set up a support fund and hashtag #StandWithCJ.CJ s Facebook page now includes an apology Brown sent after her true identity became known. I apologize and am deeply ashamed of the horrible statements I made to @cjpearson,  she wrote.She then goes on to complain about how  the right wing  is attacking her family   apparently missing the irony that she earlier attacked the Pearson family and wished for their death.Pearson plans to get back into politics and says that the incident has only made his resolve stronger. After much thought and consideration, I have decided to press forward and continue to fight for what I believe in,  he wrote on Facebook.  Mona s hate has only strengthened my resolve and has encouraged me to continue to do what I love and what I do best. Via: Biz Pac Review",0
15493,UNREAL! HOUSE MOVES TO BAN SALE OR DISPLAY OF CONFEDERATE FLAG IN FEDERAL CEMETERIES,"WHAT THE HECK! What s happened to the Southern leaders? Confederate flags should be placed on the graves of Civil War soldiers. This is way over the top and a knee-jerk reaction to the shooting in Charleston, SC.The House has voted to ban the display of Confederate flags at historic federal cemeteries in the deep South.The low-profile move came late Tuesday after a brief debate on a measure funding the National Park Service, which maintains 14 national cemeteries, most of which contain graves of Civil War soldiers.The proposal by California Democrat Jared Huffman would block the Park Service from allowing private groups from decorating the graves of southern soldiers with Confederate flags in states that commemorate Confederate Memorial Day. The cemeteries affected are the Andersonville and Vicksburg cemeteries in Georgia and Mississippi.Pressure has mounted to ban display of the flag on state and federal property in the wake of last month s tragic murders at a historic black church in Charleston, South Carolina.SELLING CONFEDERATE FLAGS BANNED TOO:The House voted to affirm that stores on federal lands operated by the National Park Service cannot sell Confederate flags, in light of a new policy announced in the aftermath of the shooting in Charleston, S.C.Adoption of the amendment to the 2016 Interior Department appropriations bill came easily on a voice vote after just six minutes of debate, where no one spoke in opposition. The amendment reflects a policy announced by the National Park Service in June to ban the sale of Confederate flag merchandise from its gift shops and bookstores.Rep. Jared Huffman (D-Calif.), the author of the amendment, said it was important that Congress prevent the sale of the Confederate image on federal property. This House now has an opportunity to add its voice, by ending the promotion of the cruel, racist legacy of the Confederacy,  Huffman said.  While many concessionaires have agreed to do this, I am dismayed by reports that some will continue to sell items with Confederate flag imagery. Read more: The Hill",0
15494,POP STAR ARIANA GRANDE SAYS: “I hate Americans. I hate America” WORDS WERE TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT [VIDEO],"It s interesting how many of these celebrities who hate America and American citizens have no problem taking their money Pop star Ariana Grande said her words were taken out of context when she was caught on camera saying she  hates America. A video of Grande slamming the U.S. was posted by TMZ on Tuesday. The video shows the singer licking a doughnut at a California doughnut shop when she thought no one was looking. When an employee brought out a tray of oversized doughnuts, the Florida-born singer blurted out,  What the f k is that? I hate Americans. I hate America.  The employee told CBS Los Angeles that Grande was  rude  and even  spit  on the doughnuts.Now she says that was a mistake. I am EXTREMELY proud to be an American and I ve always made it clear that I love my county (sic),  Grande told FOX411 in a statement.  What I said in a private moment with my friend, who was buying the donuts, was taken out of context and I am sorry for not using more discretion with my choice of words. The 22-year-old explained she was frustrated by  how freely we as Americans eat and consume things without giving any thought to the consequences that it has on our health.  She admitted that she should have  known better in how [she] expressed [herself],  but seeing the doughnuts reminded her that the  United States has the highest child obesity rate in the world. We need to do more to educate ourselves and our children about the dangers of overeating and the poison that we put into our bodies,  she added.Grande also addressed rumors that she pulled out of the MLB All-Star Concert because of the video after her representative said Wednesday the singer would not perform Saturday at the Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati. As for why I cannot be at the MLB show, I have had emergency oral surgery and due to recovery I cannot attend the show. I hope to make it up to all those fans soon. Via: FOX News",0
15495,[VIDEO] BUMBLING US DEFENSE SEC. CAN’T ANSWER QUESTION ABOUT Whether Or Not We’ll Defend The 60 Syrians We’re Training To Fight ISIS,"Yeah you know the Obama regime is serious about taking down ISIS when they send in 60 Syrian rebels and leave them unprotected against the Assad regime.  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) went straight for the jugular in questioning Defense Secretary Ash Carter at a Tuesday Senate hearing on the Obama administration s strategy against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.McCain criticized President Obama s comments at the Pentagon on Monday citing recent progress against ISIS as delusional, and he ripped Carter over the Pentagon s slowness in training Syrian rebels.He said ISIS overall is gaining territory in Iraq and Syria and that there is  no compelling reason  to believe the administration s strategy is going to succeed in limiting the group. McCain disparaged the Pentagon for failing to provide military support to the few Syrian rebels it is training after Carter said the military would decide how to provide support once they are in the field. Via: The HillSenator John McCain: And is it true that with these people that you are training and equipping to fight in Syria that they re only there to fight ISIS and not Bashar Assad? Is that true?US Defense Secretary Carter: Ah..we re uh..yes, we are telling them to uh uh that we  arming and uh .training them uh in the first instance, to go after ISIL and not uh..the Assad regime and that is our priority.  McCain:So, in other words if they are barrel bombed by Bashar Assad, they are not Carter: No I think we have SOME obligation to them once they re inserted in the field. Again, we don t expect them to be McCain: Is that to defend them against barrel bombing?Carter: Well that decision will be made when we introduce fighters into the field.McCain: That s a small comfort to those people you re recruiting right now that that decision will be made later on.Is that fair to these young men to say: We are sending you in to fight ISIS only, and by the way, we will decide on the policy whether to defend you if you are barrel bombed?Carter: They know that we will provide support to them. Exactly what kind of support McCain: Does that mean you will defend them against Bashar Assad s barrel bombing?McCain s final question: So you re recruiting them, but not telling them that you ll defend them because you haven t made a decision yet? And yet you want to train them quickly and send them in?",0
15496,ILLEGAL ALIEN ARRESTED FOR SHOOTING Teen Girlfriend and 3 Yr Old Son And Lighting Them On Fire While Boy Was Still Alive Was Previously Deported [VIDEO],"Since when did future Democrat voters take precedent over enforcing the law? Family members suspect jealousy may have led to the gruesome slayings of an Othello teen and her 3-year-old son found shot and severely burned in a remote part of Franklin County.Maria G. Cruiz-Calvillo, 18, and Luis F. Lopez-Cruz were identified Monday as the bodies found last week inside a vehicle that was set on fire in a ravine near the intersection of Scootney and Ridge roads.Luis likely was still alive when the car went up in flames, according to Dan Blasdel, Franklin County coroner.Luis would have turned four years old on Thursday. She was a really good person. She was always smiling,  said Karen Rodriguez, a sister-in-law of Cruiz-Calvillo who spoke for the family.  He was a happy kid. He was really playful and loved to be outside. Prudencio Juan Fragos-Ramirez, 25, of Connell, reportedly had recently started dating Cruiz-Calvillo and is suspected of killing the pair.Fragos-Ramirez was arrested hours into the investigation at his home less than a mile from where the bodies were found. He appeared Monday in Franklin County Superior Court, where Judge Carrie Runge set bail at $1 million.Runge ordered Fragos-Ramirez, who has previous convictions for DUI and driving while suspended, held for up to 72 hours while prosecutors determine what charges to file. Prosecutors say Fragos-Ramirez was deported in 2014 and got back into the country illegally.https://youtu.be/lsBOZqGQ1fcThe sheriff s office initially spelled his name Flagos-Ramirez, but court records show it s spelled Fragos-Ramirez.Family members had never met Fragos-Ramirez, though Cruiz-Calvillo talked to her mother about a guy she was seeing, whom she apparently referred to by the nickname  Loco,  Rodriguez said. (The family) thinks she never wanted a serious relationship with him,  Rodriguez said.  It s jealousy. Cruiz-Calvillo and Luis had gunshot wounds, Blasdel said. Tests to confirm whether they were still alive when the fire started have been requested.Firefighters found the bodies July 2 as they battled the car fire near a large orchard, court documents said. Franklin County deputies discovered the license plates were registered to an Othello man, who told investigators his niece, Cruiz-Calvillo, drove the vehicle.Family members last saw Cruiz-Calvillo the afternoon of her death as she was leaving Othello with Luis for Pasco to make a car payment, court documents said. She routinely went to Pasco to make car payments. We checked with the bank,  Rodriguez said.  She made the payment at 3:43 (p.m.). Two neighbors saw Cruiz-Calvillo and Luis arrive at Fragos-Ramirez s home about 4:40 p.m., court documents said. The neighbors recognized the mother and son because they frequent the house on Hogback Road.Between 10 and 20 minutes later, the neighbors saw the pair and Fragos-Ramirez walking towards Cruiz-Calvillo s car, court documents said. They didn t see Fragos-Ramirez return to the house and didn t see him again until about 7 p.m.Smoke was spotted coming from the ravine where the bodies were found about 20 to 30 minutes after the trio was seen leaving the home. It took detectives eight minutes to drive from the home to the spot where the bodies were found.Detectives were able to track down Fragos-Ramirez for an interview after Cruiz-Calvillo s brother, Arturo Calvillo, remembered meeting a man who matched the description of Fragos-Ramirez while at a house on church business, court documents said. Calvillo took Detective Jason Nunez to the house, and Nunez contacted a woman there.The woman told Nunez she had a brother who was at the house when Calvillo came over, court documents said. She called Fragos-Ramirez and handed the phone to Nunez, who then set up an interview.Via: Tri City Herald",0
15497,BREAKING: GUN USED BY 5 TIME DEPORTED ILLEGAL ALIEN BELONGED TO FEDERAL AGENT,"Just another interesting discovery in a story that has already exposed a very corrupt government that favors illegal aliens over American citizens The gun used in the seemingly random slaying of a woman on a San Francisco pier belonged to a federal agent, a law enforcement official briefed on the matter said Tuesday.The official, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the case and spoke on condition of anonymity, said a police check of the weapon s serial number shows it belonged to a federal agent. The official declined to elaborate further.The San Francisco Police Department, which is investigating the case, declined to comment.The revelation was the latest dramatic twist in a tragic case that has become a new flashpoint in the country s debate over immigration policies.The suspected gunman, Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, has been deported to his native Mexico five times and is suspected of living in the United States illegally when Kathryn Steinle, 32, was gunned down last week while on an evening stroll with her father along San Francisco s popular waterfront area.Federal officials transferred Sanchez to San Francisco s jail in March to face a 20-year-old marijuana charge after Sanchez completed his latest prison term for illegally entering the country.The San Francisco sheriff, citing the city s  sanctuary city  policy, released Sanchez in April after prosecutors dropped the drug charge, despite an Immigration and Customs Enforcement request to hold him for federal authorities so deportation proceedings could begin.Sanchez pleaded not guilty Tuesday to first-degree murder.He told two television stations who interviewed him in jail that he found the gun used in Steinle s killing wrapped in a shirt on the pedestrian pier she was walking on. Sanchez said the gun went off in his hands, and his public defender, Matt Gonzalez, said Tuesday that the San Francisco woman s death appeared accidental. San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi has defended Sanchez s release and the city law requiring it to ignore ICE detainer requests. The sheriff said ICE could have obtained a warrant or court order to keep Sanchez in custody. ICE knew where he was,  Mirkarimi said Monday. He said he will continue to ignore ICE detainer requests.State and federal Republicans, meanwhile, said they would look into the matter.Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson, who chairs the Senate s homeland security committee, criticized federal officials and demanded to know why Sanchez was not deported. Does that make any sense to you?  Johnson demanded to know at a hearing Tuesday.  Because I ll tell you it doesn t make any sense to the American public. Republican state Sen. Jeff Stone said he would introduce legislation in Sacramento to require cities to comply with ICE detainer requests.At Sanchez s arraignment Tuesday, prosecutor Dianna Garcia argued against releasing Sanchez on bail, saying,  This was an act of random violence, shooting an innocent victim in the back. The judge set bail at $5 million, which Gonzalez said will keep Sanchez jailed pending trial.A downcast Sanchez spent most of the hearing with his head bowed, appearing to fight back tears while the judge explained the charged to him. Sanchez was aided by a Spanish-language interpreter and entered his plea in Spanish.Outside court, his attorney said Sanchez has a second-grade education and a non-violent criminal record.He could face life in prison if convicted.Via: FOX Carolina",0
15498,(VIDEO) REPEAT OFFENDERS: CLINTONS CORRALLED THE PRESS IN 1992,"I laughed out loud when I saw this. It could be today. Have the Clintons not learned that the optics on this are just bad, bad, bad. The crazy thing is the press goes along with this stunt. ",0
15499,OUCH! HILLARY INTERVIEWER THROWS HILLARY UNDER THE SCOOBY BUS (VIDEO),I m shocked! I thought these two were buddies and this would be a fluff interview. Not so much! Ouch! ,0
15500,OBAMA COZIES UP TO ANOTHER COMMUNIST LEADER TO DISCUSS HUMAN RIGHTS… AND TPP?,"So much for the US refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world From Human Rights Watch: Vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. A one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent, using a broad array of repressive measures. Freedom of expression, association and assembly are tightly controlled. The police routinely use torture and beatings to extract confessions and punish detainees. Religious minorities and activists are harassed, intimidated and imprisoned. The criminal justice system lacks independence and operates under the direction of the government and party. State-run drug rehabilitation centers exploit detainees as forced laborers making goods for local markets and export. Despite the pressure, increasing numbers of courageous bloggers and activists are vocal in calling for democracy and greater freedoms.A coalition of 14 human rights groups strongly condemns the Feb. 2014 decision by an appeals court upholding a 30-month prison sentence for Vietnamese human rights lawyer and blogger Le Quoc Quan. Mr. Quan has been detained since December 2012.The groups believe Mr. Quan s detention is politically motivated and a reaction to his blog, where he frequently exposes human rights violations by the Vietnamese government. Mr. Quan is a victim of a coordinated government crackdown on bloggers, citizen journalists and pro-democracy activists.Meanwhile President Barack Obama met Tuesday with Vietnamese communist party leader Nguy n Ph  Tr ng in the hopes of strengthening ties between the two nations. The President also welcomes the opportunity to discuss other issues, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, human rights, and bilateral defense cooperation,  the White House said in a statement.The meeting came nearly four decades after the Vietnam War. Since that time, the two countries have made efforts to improve diplomatic relations. In just the past two years, Obama has met with Vietnam s President Tr ng T n Sang and Prime Minister Nguy n T n D ng. Like in any relations between two countries in the world, Vietnam and the U.S. have differences on a number of issues, such as perception on democracy, human rights and trade,  Tr ng wrote, according to NPR.  To resolve differences, I believe the most effective way would be open and constructive dialogues. Via: Daily Caller",0
15501,NEW APP GIVES WOMEN OPPORTUNITY TO TALK ABOUT ‘GUILT FREE’ ABORTIONS: ‘I’ve had 5 abortions because I love getting pregnant but just not ready for kids.’,"Wow maybe they could include a place where the  mothers  could pose with their dead babies a photo gallery of sorts Women all over the world have opened up on the still relatively taboo subject of abortion on secret-sharing app Whisper.Finding relief in the anonymity aspect of the app, individuals took the opportunity to reveal their true unabashed feelings on the termination of their pregnancies.Without censorship, frank confessions varied from lack of remorse, to one woman even admitting that she visited a nightclub the very same day.Whisper is an online community that allows anonymous users to share and comment on each other s secrets, allowing individuals to air their emotions without any fear of retribution. Women of all ages, who admitted to not regretting their decision to have an abortion, were asked to shed a light on their thought processes and emotions.One woman talked about her unshakable stance, citing:  Having an abortion was the easiest decision of my life. Another individual revealed her own extensive and unbridled history with terminating pregnancies, stating:  I ve had 5 abortions because I love getting pregnant but just not ready for kids. Many of the Whisper users talked about other people s projection of guilt or regret, that they had failed to experience themselves. One confused woman wrote:  Sometimes I feel guilty over the fact that I feel no guilt about my abortion. A rather shocking confession came from a woman that continued on with her party lifestyle after the often exhausting procedure:  I had an abortion a week ago. I don t feel the slightest bit of guilt, I even went out to a club on the same day. Here are some women who shared their thoughts on abortion:Here s a  woman  who in 2010 made a Youtube video to share her  positive  experience about her abortion. She finishes her video by saying:  I hope everyone on Youtube has a great and godless day. Another Whisper user talked about how time passing had no effect on the feeling of regret with her decision:  5 years and I ve not once felt regret for my abortion. No regret, no guilt, no second thoughts, nothing. Another added:  I ve had two abortions in two years. I keep waiting for the guilt to come, but so far I feel nothing. Others used the opportunity as an emotional outlet to directly  speak  to people who had judged them.One woman argued:  I don t regret my abortion regardless of how much you think I should. Some women even went so far to express the happiness at their decision, with one woman adding:  I ve had 5 abortions and I don t feel bad or sad about any of them I was kinda happy. Similarly, another woman compared her own sensations of relief and happiness to other people s darker experience, writing:  I actually find it strange how depressed people get after having an abortion. I don t regret mine one bit, let alone feel depressed about it. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15502,AN INSIDE LOOK AT OBAMA’S 5-STAR SUMMER VACATION RETREAT: Meanwhile…62% Of Americans Won’t Be Taking A Vacation This Summer,"About 62 percent of Americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. Out of that, more than half said they couldn t afford it.Just like the Obama s keep telling us  it s all about fair share or something like that As the weather heats up in Washington, DC, the Obamas as planning their summer vacation.The Boston Herald reports that President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle and daughters Sasha and Malia will be staying on Martha s Vineyard from August 8-23.The Obamas have spent almost every single summer on the tony island off the coast of Massachusetts  Cape Cod except for 2012   when the president was running for re-election.Continuing yet another tradition of their annual retreat, the Obamas are also expected to stay at the same $12million  cottage  in Chilmark they rented last year.The 8,100-square-foot home features seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a basketball/tennis court, hot tub, infinity pool and views of the Elizabeth Islands.The home is owned by wealthy widow Joanna Hubschman, whose husband Henry died of cancer in 2011.Four years before his death, Mr Hubschman, a General Electric executive, contributed $6,900   the maximum donation then allowed   to Hillary Clinton s 2008 bid for president, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.However, it was Barack Obama who took the party s ticket and went on to win the White House.Two weeks before the general election, Mr Hubschman contributed $2,300 to Obama s campaign.This year s vacation is likely to be a bit more relaxing for Mr Obama, who faced a wave of criticism for his golf playing last year in the midst of a crisis with ISIS.Via:  UK Daily Mail",0
15503,WATCH HOW YOUNG HILLARY SUPPORTERS REACT WHEN THEY SEE ACTUAL PHOTOS OF HER ‘Everyday American’ Homes [VIDEO],"So much for that whole  dead broke  nonsense Hillary Clinton has vowed to be a champion for  everyday Americans. The former Secretary of State who once described herself and husband Bill Clinton as  dead broke kicked off her campaign on June 13 and in her 45-minute speech on New York City s Roosevelt Island, Clinton delivered a message similar to her initial presidential announcement. Americans have fought their way back from tough economic times,  Clinton said in the video announcement on April 12.  But the deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top. So what do Millennials think of a candidate who criticizes the  1 percent,  but simultaneously owns multi-million dollar properties in Washington, D.C. and New York and spends her summers in the Hamptons? Campus Correspondent Cabot Phillips took to the streets of our nation s capitol to find out in Campus Reform s debut of  Candidate s Cribs. Via: Campus Reform",0
15504,DISNEY’S ESPN PUNISHES TRUMP FOR FREE SPEECH…Isn’t It Time America Punished DISNEY For Putting Their Leftist Agenda Before Free Speech?,"Disney s just doing their part to advance a radical leftist agenda by punishing conservatives and anyone who dares to challenge their views ESPN has become the latest corporate entity jump on the pig-pile on Donald Trump.Following moves by Macy s, NBCUniversal, and NASCAR to distance themselves from the presidential candidate, ESPN has decided to move an annual golf tournament honoring late North Carolina State basketball coach Jim Valvano from the Trump National Golf Club. We decided it was appropriate to change the venue, and are grateful for the opportunity to stage the event at Pelican Hill on short notice,  the network announced in a statement.  This charity outing benefits The V Foundation s Stuart Scott Memorial Cancer Research Fund, providing resources for important cancer research for minority populations, including Hispanics and African Americans. Our decision reflects our deep feelings for our former colleague and support for inclusion of all sports fans. Diversity and inclusion are core values at ESPN and our decision also supports that commitment. Corporations seeking to limit speech have tangled with the businessman-turned-politician since his remarks critical of illegal immigration that came during his presidential announcement last month. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best,  Trump maintained on June 16.  They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. Via: Breitbart NewsDisney s ESPN is the top cable network in viewers, advertising and affiliate revenue, according to data from Nielsen and SNL Kagan. The all-sports network ended 2014 by ousting Comcast s USA Network from the No. 1 spot for the first time in recent memory, thanks to a stream of negative news out of the NFL that stimulated viewing along with an unquenchable interest in World Cup soccer. The flagship network is poised to see its affiliate fees per subscriber, per month, rocket from $6.04 last year to $6.55 in 2015 and as much as $7.21 in 2016, according to SNL Kagan estimates. ESPN s five networks will net $8.80 by the end of 2016, according to estimates. Meanwhile, advertising revenue at the sports networks is poised to balloon to $2.3 billion next year. Via: NY Post",0
15505,"BREAKING: SOUTH CAROLINA SENATE CAVES: VOTES TO REMOVE CONFEDERATE FLAG FROM STATEHOUSE GROUNDS…BECAUSE IT’S ALL ABOUT THE FLAG, YA KNOW","Another successful cleansing of our history   like it or not what s next?Just a reminder of something Michelle Obama said in 2008 on the campaign trail in Puerto Rico: MICHELLE OBAMA:  Barack knows that we are going to have to make sacrifices; we are going to have to change our conversation; we re going to have to change our traditions, our history; we re going to have to move into a different place as a nation.   Change our traditions and change our history. What did she mean by that?Changing history means not just telling the same old tall tales of the free market system and the Founders. No, it s the history according to progressives. And it s not merely spinning the old facts; it s taking current events and molding them to fit the progressive agenda and, in this case, completely ignoring history. HERE S A BACKWARDS TIMELINE OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY VIA THE POST AND COURIER:Members of the South Carolina Senate have voted 37-3 to remove the Confederate battle flag from the Statehouse grounds.Sen. Lee Bright, R-Roebuck, objected to giving the bill automatic third reading, which is usually a procedural vote, on Tuesday. For the bill to be sent to the House, it will need a two-thirds vote.Monday s three  nay  votes were from Bright, and Sens. Harvey Peeler and Danny Verdin. Plus, for the bill to be amended on third reading, it would need a three-fifths vote.Senate is scheduled to return Tuesday at 10 a.m.3:20 p.m. update: The senate has voted to table amendments that would have pushed the vote on the Confederate flag issue to a statewide referendum (36-3), allow the flag to flown on Statehouse grounds on Confederate Memorial Day (22-17) or replace the current flag with the First National Flag of the Confederate States of America (34-6). Now, various senators are taking turns speaking about the issue. No one has yet made a motion to vote on the bill that would remove the Confederate battle from the Statehouse grounds.1:50 p.m. update: After a short break, the Senate returned to debate the fate of the Statehouse s Confederate battle flag just after 1:15 p.m.Roebuck Republican Sen. Lee Bright s amendment has already died on a 36-3 vote. It would have placed the fate of the flag in the hands of voters.The Senate has now moved to discuss an amendment by Sen. Danny Verdin, R-Laurens. It would allow for the flag to be flown at the Confederate Soldier Monument on Confederate Memorial Day, which is May 10. Verdin has the floor.COLUMBIA   It s been a morning of impassioned speeches in the South Carolina Senate, as lawmakers brace for discussion on a bill that will determine the fate of the Confederate battle flag on the Statehouse s grounds.The Senate is on recess until 1 p.m. Senate President Pro Tempore Hugh Leatherman said the heads of both the GOP and Democratic Caucus asked for body to break for a recess so that the caucuses could meet. But lawmakers are still planning on discussing the bill today. My intent is to give it second reading today and my intent would be to give it third reading tomorrow,  Leatherman said.  Will the Senate do that? Don t know. But we ll try to head in that direction. If the bill follows Leatherman s planned track, it ll be before the House for a vote on Wednesday. Only one amendment has been proposed in the Senate so far.Roebuck Republican Sen. Lee Bright s amendment would place the fate of the banner in the hands of voters. When the bill crosses the hall, it ll likely be met with an amendment by Rep. Mike Pitts, R-Laurens, who said he d like to see the battle flag replaced with Bonnie Blue.Meanwhile, members from both sides of the aisle have made speeches calling for the flag s removal this morning, including Pickens Republican Sen. Larry Martin, who said his view on the flag changed after the shooting that took the lives of nine churchgoers in Charleston on June 17.Martin said he looked at the flag as if it was given some sort of  official status,  because it flies on the capitol s grounds. That doesn t represent all of the people of South Carolina,  Martin said.  It isn t part of our future. It s part of our past. A two-thirds vote in each chamber is needed to do anything with any monument on the capitol s grounds, including the battle flag which is part of the Confederate Soldier Monument. That vote threshold has been met, according to a survey by The Post and Courier.Outside the Statehouse, dozens of protesters began to arrive Monday morning. Some called for the flag to come down. Others, such as Nelson Waller in his rebel flag tie, said the state was giving in to Northern liberals and civil rights activists. Waller carried a sign that read  Keep the flag. Dump Nikki!  Two decades ago, he carried a  Dump Beasley  sign after then-Gov. David Beasley made an unsuccessful attempt to get the Confederate flag off the Statehouse dome.",0
15506,(VIDEO) HILLARY CLINTON’S TWISTED APPROVAL OF SANCTUARY CITIES FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS, If local law enforcement begins to act like immigration officers what that means is that you will have people not reporting crimes. You will have people hiding from the police. And I think that is a real direct threat to the personal safety and security of all the citizens.  -Hillary Clinton s reasoning for a sanctuary city ,0
15507,https://100percentfedup.com/video-hillary-asked-about-trump-i-just-want-to-eat-some-pie/,https://100percentfedup.com/video-hillary-asked-about-trump-i-just-want-to-eat-some-pie/,0
15508,https://100percentfedup.com/12-yr-old-black-conservative-whose-video-to-obama-went-viral-do-you-really-love-america-receives-death-threats-from-left/,https://100percentfedup.com/12-yr-old-black-conservative-whose-video-to-obama-went-viral-do-you-really-love-america-receives-death-threats-from-left/,0
15509,ILLEGAL ALIEN WHO MURDERED INNOCENT WOMAN WAS DEPORTED 3 TIMES: Obama’s Solution To Increasing Crime By Illegals…Cut Back On Deportations,"Because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from Mexico and South America.To hell with America it s all about the votes The man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular San Francisco tourist spot on Wednesday has been  deported to Mexico several times,  according to a report by the local ABC News affiliate. The woman, 32-year-old Kathryn Steinle ( Kate ), was struck in the chest with a bullet while visiting Pier 14 on the Embarcadero with her family. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but doctors were unable to save her, as she died in her parents  arms a few hours later.The suspect, Francisco Sanchez, was identified as being in his mid-40s and on probation from Texas due to previous, undisclosed crimes. He was arrested after tips from passers-by. Officials said that the killing appeared to be random. Police believe they have recovered the murder weapon from the waters of the San Francisco Bay near the pier, where the suspect allegedly tossed it.On Thursday, two news crews filming live at Pier 14 were mugged at the scene, and one cameraman was pistol-whipped.The San Francisco Chronicle described Steinle s last moments in heartbreaking detail: She fought for her life,  [Liz] Sullivan said, adding that her daughter s heart had stopped two times, and was restarted, in the ambulance. It was a battle, but she just didn t make it,  she said.  It was horrific, but we knew the minute they came to talk to us, it wasn t good. But it was so nice to go in and be with her. Sullivan said that in their final moments together, she softly touched her daughter s face   a face she used to paint when the young woman was a little girl. We have deep faith,  Jim Steinle said, adding,  Our faith isn t to the point where we re ready to forgive.   Via: Breitbart NewsOBAMA S SOLUTION TO ILLEGAL CRIME IN AMERICA:Washington Post  The Obama administration has begun a profound shift in its enforcement of the nation s immigration laws, aiming to hasten the integration of long-term illegal immigrants into society rather than targeting them for deportation, according to documents and federal officials.In recent months, the Department of Homeland Security has taken steps to ensure that the majority of the United States  11.3 million undocumented immigrants can stay in this country, with agents narrowing enforcement efforts to three groups of illegal migrants: convicted criminals, terrorism threats or those who recently crossed the border.While public attention has been focused on the court fight over President Obama s highly publicized executive action on immigration, DHS has with little fanfare been training thousands of immigration agents nationwide to carry out new policies on everyday enforcement.",0
15510,UPDATE: JUDGE ORDERS CANCELLATION OF REDSKINS TRADEMARK REGISTRATION – WASHINGTON REDSKIN’S NEW STADIUM CONSTRUCTION HELD HOSTAGE BY PETTY OBAMA ADMINISTRATION,"UPDATE ON THE REDSKINS BATTLE WITH THE FEDS:ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP)   A federal judge has ordered the Patent and Trademark Office to cancel registration of the Washington Redskins  trademark, ruling that the team name may be disparaging to Native Americans.The ruling Wednesday by Judge Gerald Bruce Lee affirms an earlier finding by an administrative appeal board.In his 70-page ruling, Lee emphasized that the organization is still free to use the name if it wishes   the team would just lose some legal protections that go along with federal registration of a trademark.The team had sued to overturn a ruling against it by the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board. The team argued that cancellation of its trademark infringed on its free-speech rights because it required the government to judge whether the name is offensive.The organization can appeal.Via: scrippsmediaThe left is holding hostage new construction of the Washington Redskins stadium for a petty desire to get their way. Demanding a name change from the Redskins to something they consider more pc is total bs. The American Indians who have already responded in favor of keeping the team name understand the name isn t offensive and understand the history behind the name. This is just more of Obama s effort to cleanse our nation of anything HE deems offensive.Efforts to lure the Washington Redskins back to the District have come up against a potentially insurmountable challenge: the Obama administration s objections to the team s name.Interior Secretary Sally Jewell told D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser this spring that the National Park Service, which owns the land beneath Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium, was unlikely to accommodate construction of a new stadium for the Redskins unless the team changes its name.Jewell oversees both national park land and America s trust and treaty relationships with Native American tribes.Her decision not to extend the District s lease of the RFK land badly hinders Bowser s bid to return the Redskins to D.C.   and boosts efforts to lure the team across the Potomac to Northern Virginia.Since joining the Obama administration two years ago, Jewell has repeatedly echoed the president s concern that the name is offensive to Native Americans. Last fall she called the name a  relic of the past  that should be changed. Personally, I think we would never consider naming a team the  Blackskins  or the  Brownskins  or the  Whiteskins.  So, personally, I find it surprising that in this day and age, the name is not different,  Jewell told ABC News.Jewell reiterated that position with Bowser (D) at an April 27 meeting, telling the mayor that she was unlikely to rework the lease terms for a stadium in part because of the team s name, according to a Department of the Interior spokeswoman, Jessica Kershaw.Team owner Daniel Snyder, who insists that the moniker honors Native Americans, has vowed never to change it.Bowser, jockeying with Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) to land the team s new stadium, had inquired with Park Service officials about extending the District s lease for the RFK property to allow for a new stadium. Extending the lease would also require congressional action.[Tug of war for new Redskins stadium is complicated by name debate]Jewell  did mention in that meeting that she was uncomfortable with the name,  Kershaw said.  The president has said something similar, that he is uncomfortable with the name, and she clearly clarified that position. Read more: WaPo",0
15511,"NOT HILLARY’S TURN: LIB PUBLICATIONS ARE SAYING HILLARY WILL LOSE TO OLD WHITE SOCIALIST, BERNIE SANDERS IN PRIMARY","But wait  the  first female president oh never mind, the Democrat party s gonna go with  diversity  and pick the old white guy. Because in the end, the Democrats don t really give a hoot about  diversity it all comes down to voting for freebies.According to PBS, Bernie Sanders is  gaining against Clinton in early polls.  Salon s Bill Curry believes  Hillary Clinton is going lose,  primarily because millions of voters longing for a truly progressive candidate will nominate Sanders. POLITICO explained recently that Early-state polls hint at a Bernie Sanders surge, a headline that was unthinkable only several months earlier. Yahoo s Meredith Shiner calls Sanders a  progressive social media star and pragmatic legislator  and states that  Sanders also has a much more substantial legislative history  than any GOP challenger. In Iowa, 1,100 people packed a gym to hear Bernie Sanders speak in May.In contrast, Team Hillary had an intimate business roundtable discussion with five  ordinary  Iowans. The only problem was that according to The Washington Post,  All five were selected to attend her events.  In fact, Clinton s  staged roundtables  were attended by a total of 13 Iowans, picked by either the campaign or the host.Therefore, a paradigm shift has taken place. Many Iowans drove 50 miles to hear Sanders speak in Des Moines, primarily because Bernie Sanders has surpassed Clinton as the ideal choice for Democratic nominee. Regarding electability, Sanders has also surpassed Clinton as the realistic choice for Democratic nominee in the minds of many voters, because as one Salon piece illustrates, Hillary  just doesn t get it. When it comes to everything from immigration to climate change and economic issues (most Americans side with Democrats, according to Pew research and other data) some writers believe that Democrats  can nominate a ham sandwich and win the presidency.  Although once thought of as an impossibility, a closer look at the electoral map shows why Bernie Sanders could realistically defeat any GOP challenger. If voters around the country still care about middle class economics, the federal budget, trade and other hot button issues in 2016, Sanders has a legitimate chance to win. Also, since Sanders isn t tied to Obama fatigue like Hillary Clinton, it s quite possible the Vermont Senator re-energizes an America that just recently decided the Confederate flag doesn t represent its value system.According to a POLITICO piece titled The 2016 Results We Can Already Predict,  Assuming the lean, likely, and safe Democratic states remain loyal to the party, the nominee need only win 23 of the 85 toss-up electoral votes.  Therefore, there s no need to jettison cherished values for the sake of pragmatism; those days are over. Senator Bernie Sanders, known in Washington and throughout the nation as an advocate for middle class Americans, veterans, the environment, and other cherished causes can win crucial electoral votes just as easily as Hillary Clinton.Finally, perhaps the biggest reason Sanders is surging is because he s a genuine person with real beliefs, while others become chameleons when votes and public image are at stake. It s important to note that Hillary Clinton just recently  evolved  on gay marriage and in 2004, Clinton s speech (forward to 0:22 on the Slate video or read the transcript of her passionate defense of marriage between only a man and woman) highlighted her views on the  sacred bond  of marriage:Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY):  I believe marriage is a sacred bond between a man and a woman .a fundamental bedrock principle that it exists between a man and woman, going back into the midst of history, as one of the founding, foundational institutions of history and humanity and civilization. And that it s primary principle role during those milennia has been the raising and socializing of children for the society into which they are to become adults.  According to The Atlantic, Clinton s stance remained unchanged for years, and  she also opposed gay marriage as recently as 2013, long after a majority of Americans already held a more gay-friendly position. In terms of identity, Hillary Clinton might be a liberal according to fivethirtyeight.com, yet their analysis gives her a free pass on war, gay marriage, and other issues liberals had championed before they were popular. Adhering to polls is fine, but the words  poll driven,  not  progressive,  come to mind for someone with this type of persona. If one s views on war and foreign policy are enough for The New York Times to publish an article titled Are neocons getting ready to ally with Hillary Clinton?, then Bernie Sanders becomes an even better candidate for people opposed to never-ending American counterinsurgency wars. Clinton might say she was duped by faulty intelligence, but Bernie Sanders had enough intelligence and wisdom to vote against the Iraq war back in 2003.Via: Huffington Post",0
15512,AND SO IT BEGINS…INSPIRED BY GAY MARRIAGE RULING…Polygamists Apply For Marriage License,"Well, that didn t take long. Look for the first beastiality marriage license request in 5 4 3 2 1 Nathan Collier said he was inspired by the recent Supreme Court decision that made marriage equal. He said he was particularly struck by the words of dissenting Chief Justice John Roberts who claimed giving gay couples the right to marry, might inspire polygamy.And so this week, Mr Collier and his two wives, Victoria and Christine, entered a courthouse in Billings, Montana, and sought an application to legalise the trio s polygamous union, Right now we re waiting for an answer,  Mr Collier told The Independent.  I have two wives because I love two women and I want my second wife to have the same legal rights and protection as my first. He added:  Most people are not us. I am not trying to define what marriage means for anybody else   I am trying to define what marriage means for us. The practice of bigamy   holding multiple marriage licences   is outlawed in all 50 of the US states, Montana among them. But Mr Collier said he planned to sue if his application was denied.Mr Collier said he was former Mormon who had been excommunicated for polygamy and now owned a refrigeration business in Billings.He married his first wife, Victoria, 40, in 2000. The 46-year-old, who appeared in the reality TV show Sister Wives, held a religious ceremony to marry second wife, Christine, in 2007 but did not sign a marriage license to avoid bigamy charges.His first wife, Victoria, said that she and her husband s second wife got along  like sisters .Via: Independent UK",0
15513,OOPS…CDC EMPLOYEES SICK OF DEALING WITH INFLUX OF ILLEGAL MINORS SENDS EMAIL ABOUT OBAMA: “the worst prez we have ever had…a marxist”,"I guess we re not the only ones who are 100% FED UP with our marxist president Following the influx of illegal immigrant minors from Central America, an official at the federal agency charged with protecting public health describes Barack Obama as  the worst pres we have ever had,  an  amateur  and  Marxist,  according to internal emails obtained by Judicial Watch.JW got the records as part of an investigation into the Center for Disease Control s (CDC) activation of an Emergency Operations Center (EOC) to deal with the barrage of illegal alien minors last summer. Tens of thousands of Central Americans came into the United States through the Mexican border and contagious diseases many considered to be eradicated in the U.S. became a tremendous concern. The CDC, which operates under the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), responded by opening an emergency facility designed to monitor and coordinate response activities to eminent public health threats. This special emergency division was created after the 2001 terrorist attacks and has responded to more than 50 public health threats, including hurricanes, food borne disease outbreaks, the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic and the Haiti cholera outbreak. Scientists from across the CDC are brought together to analyze, validate, and efficiently exchange information during a public health emergency and connect with response partners. The EOC also coordinates the deployment of CDC staff and the procurement and management of all equipment and supplies that agency responders may need during their deployment.[ ]It s a major and costly operation that can stick American taxpayers with a huge tab. That s why JW launched a probe when the Obama administration took in the illegal immigrants, initially coined Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC), with open arms last summer. JW has sued the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for planning records involving the border crisis as well as information relating to the solicitation of  on-demand escort services  for the 65,000 UACs that remain in the U.S. Last year JW also reported that the illegal immigrant minors have brought in serious diseases, including swine flu, dengue fever, possibly Ebola virus and tuberculosis.The CDC records obtained by JW this week include email exchanges between agency officials directly involved in the activation of the EOC to handle the health threats created by the influx of illegal alien minors last summer. In an email dated June 9, 2014, CDC Logistics Management Specialist George Roark wrote to CDC Public Health Advisor William Adams that  no country in the world would allow  the influx. Adams replies that  in ten years or less, they ll all be voting Commander s intent  Roark fires back by describing Obama as  the worst pres we have ever had he truly is  the amateur  but a Marxist too. Via: Judicial Watch",0
15514,A MUST READ! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: HILLARY’S SECRET WAR," Mrs. Clinton provided material assistance to terrorists and lied to Congress in a venue where the law required her to be truthful.    JUDGE NAPOLITANOIn the course of my work, I am often asked by colleagues to review and explain documents and statutes. Recently, in conjunction with my colleagues Catherine Herridge and Pamela Browne, I read the transcripts of an interview Ms. Browne did with a man named Marc Turi, and Ms. Herridge asked me to review emails to and from State Department and congressional officials during the years when Hillary Clinton was the secretary of state.What I saw has persuaded me beyond a reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty that Mrs. Clinton provided material assistance to terrorists and lied to Congress in a venue where the law required her to be truthful. Here is the backstory.Mr. Turi is a lawfully licensed American arms dealer. In 2011, he applied to the Departments of State and Treasury for approvals to sell arms to the government of Qatar. Qatar is a small Middle Eastern country whose government is so entwined with the U.S. government that it almost always will do what American government officials ask of it.In its efforts to keep arms from countries and groups that might harm Americans and American interests, Congress has authorized the Departments of State and Treasury to be arms gatekeepers. They can declare a country or group to be a terrorist organization, in which case selling or facilitating the sale of arms to it is a felony. They also can license dealers to sell.Mr. Turi sold hundreds of millions of dollars  worth of arms to the government of Qatar, which then, at the request of American government officials, were sold, bartered or given to rebel groups in Libya and Syria. Some of the groups that received the arms were on the U.S. terror list. Thus, the same State and Treasury Departments that licensed the sales also prohibited them.How could that be?That s where Mrs. Clinton s secret State Department and her secret war come in. Because Mrs. Clinton used her husband s computer server for all of her email traffic while she was the secretary of state, a violation of three federal laws, few in the State Department outside her inner circle knew what she was up to.Now we know.She obtained permission from President Obama and consent from congressional leaders in both houses of Congress and in both parties to arm rebels in Syria and Libya in an effort to overthrow the governments of those countries.Many of the rebels Mrs. Clinton armed, using the weapons lawfully sold to Qatar by Mr. Turi and others, were terrorist groups who are our sworn enemies. There was no congressional declaration of war, no congressional vote, no congressional knowledge beyond fewer than a dozen members, and no federal statute that authorized this.When Sen. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, asked Mrs. Clinton at a public hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Jan. 23, 2013, whether she knew about American arms shipped to the Middle East, to Turkey or to any other country, she denied any knowledge. It is unclear whether she was under oath at the time, but that is legally irrelevant. The obligation to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth to Congress pertains to all witnesses who testify before congressional committees, whether an oath has been administered or not. (Just ask Roger Clemens, who was twice prosecuted for misleading Congress about the contents of his urine while not under oath. He was acquitted.)Here is her relevant testimony:Mr. Paul: My question is is the U.S. involved with any procuring of weapons, transfer of weapons buying, selling anyhow transferring weapons to Turkey out of Libya?Mrs. Clinton: To Turkey?   I will have to take that question for the record. Nobody s ever raised that with me. I, I .Mr. Paul: It s been in news reports that ships have been leaving from Libya and that they may have weapons and what I d like to know is the [Benghazi] annex that was close by . Were they involved with procuring, buying, selling, obtaining weapons and were any of these weapons transferred to other countries any countries, Turkey included?Mrs. Clinton: Senator, you will have to direct that question to the agency that ran the annex. And I will see what information is available and ahhhh .Mr. Paul: You are saying you don t know .Mrs. Clinton: I do not know. I don t have any information on that. VIDEO OF THIS TESTIMONY IS BELOW: This secret war and the criminal behavior that animated it was the product of conspirators in the White House, the State Department, the Treasury Department, the Justice Department, the CIA and a tight-knit group of members of Congress. Their conspiracy has now unraveled. Where is the outrage among the balance of Congress?Read more: WT",0
15515,"GAY VOTERS AND #BlackLivesMatter TO OBAMA, But Kids With Cancer…Not So Much","There s no need for Barack Obama and Valerie Jarrett to make a statement about finding a cure for pediatric cancer, which receives 4 percent of The National Cancer Institute s $4.6 billion budget. There s no need because working together to help fund a cure for cancer doesn t divide a nation, and we all know kids can t vote Picture is from Rockstar Ronan, a website dedicated to lighting the White House gold!Quite some time ago, a petition was circulated to  Light the White House Gold.  The ask was simple: Come September 1, or the beginning of Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, put some gold lightbulbs in the spotlights out front of the White House and tell the childhood cancer community and all the kids fighting and dying of cancer that they matter.The president, through Paulette Aniskoff, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Public Engagement, dropped the news that there would be no gold lights. There was a recycled proclamation, though, so maybe we should be happy for this small token. Of course, most of you will recall that last year on October 1, a giant pink ribbon and pink lightbulbs were festooned quickly on the White House. Should the White House go  pink  again in a month, it will be a significant slap in the face to the childhood cancer community. Yet another gesture of inequality for our kids.Cancer remains the number one disease killer of children. Cancer kills more kids in this country than AIDS, cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy combined. So, when the long awaited response came from the president, you can understand why it was quite disappointing.Cancer kills more than 2,500 children in our country every year. Over 13,500 kids will be diagnosed with cancer in the next 365 days. Though these numbers are significant, the potential market is too small to attract the attention of private industry. This makes the role of the taxpayer-funded National Cancer Institute (NCI) especially critical yet approximately 4% percent of its annual budget is dedicated to childhood cancer. The result is that children are dying every day waiting for promising new treatments that lack funding. This puts an extra burden on families with a child battling cancer.Of course, lighting the White House gold would not cure any children or provide additional research funding. But that is not the point. I would gladly choose additional funding in the federal budget over a handful of gold lightbulbs. Again, that is not the point. Childhood cancer advocates fight so hard for every ounce of awareness in an effort to translate it into additional funding. What better symbol to raise the ultimate amount of awareness than the most powerful residence on the face of the earth? At the present time, a paltry 4 percent of the total National Cancer Institute Budget (NCI) is dedicated to all forms of childhood cancer. Thank you, Harold Varmus, M.D. That brings me back to the small little ask that apparently is only reserved for the ubiquitous pink ribbon.What is the message here to the childhood cancer community? Kids with cancer do not matter as much as breast cancer? If kids with cancer do not merit more than 4 percent of the federal research budget, and childhood cancer is not important enough to garner the simple gesture of a handful of gold lightbulbs, then what is our position? I wish I had the answer to that question. I hope that it does not mean that children with cancer do not merit the same simple gestures and considerations as breast cancer. It certainly appears that way though.According to the news of Take Part, White House led the celebration by lighting up rainbow-colored lights. President Obama cited a statement which was quoted by takepart.com. He said,  When all Americans are treated as equal, we were all more free, this ruling is a victory for America.  President Obama had long been supporting marriage equality since 2012.Niagara Falls was one of the several US landmarks that lip up rainbow-colored lights for supporting same-sex marriage.Cinderella Castle in Disney World also took part of the celebration. According to Take Part, in Florida, same-sex marriage was illegal but on Friday, people and the Disney World partied as they have heard the decision, the Cinderella Castle became more enchanting with its rainbow-colored lights as they celebrated marriage equality.The St. Louis Civil Courts Building also lit up with flying rainbow colors. Alderman Shane Cohn spent $15,000 in capital for the improvement funds of the rainbow lights in the Civil Courts Building in St. Louis. Several downtown buildings as well lit up rainbow-colored lights as a sign of support for the gay rights and St. Louis  PrideFest. accrding to the report of stltoday.com, St. Louis recently was called the  gayest cities in America. Other famous landmarks which supported the same-sex marriage and brighten up with rainbow colors were Terminal Tower in Cleveland, The Empire State Building (In September 2014, the Empire State Building received national backlash for their decision not to go gold for Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.)Penn Station in New York City, The Seattle Great Wheel, The Alamo in San Antonio, in San Francisco, three of their monuments have participated, including: San Francisco City Hall, San Francisco International Airport and Grace Cathedral, the Playhouse Square in Cleveland, The Davis Building in Dallas, The U.S. Grant Hotel in San Diego also participated in the celebration.Ultimately, a handful of lightbulbs and a giant gold ribbon will not find better treatments or cures for the difficult cancers that kill so many children. It will not force Harold Varmus, M.D., to change his funding allocations. And, it may not cause more people to donate money toward childhood cancer research. All may be true. What that handful of lightbulbs and fabric may do is provide an additional measure of hope. And never should we forget that hope is a dangerous commodity, especially to a community that sometimes finds itself without any. Thanks for nothing, Mr. President.  Via: Huffington Post A Day Of Yellow And Gold To Fight Childhood Cancer  Facebook page.",0
15516,WHITE HOUSE GAY RAINBOW LIGHTS ORCHESTRATED BY VALERIE JARRETT," After we win this election, it s our turn. Payback time. Everyone not with us is against us, and they better be ready because we don t forget. The ones who helped us will be rewarded, the ones who opposed us will get what they deserve. There is going to be hell to pay.    VALERIE JARRETT, Obama Senior Advisor OBAMA SPIKES THE FOOTBALLWhite House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett was one of the mobilizing forces behind the decision to light up the White House with the colors of the gay pride movement to celebrate the Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage.According to the Washington Post, Jarrett worked with gay rights organizations to pay for the display to avoid using taxpayer money. The idea came from one of Jarrett s aides who was also the LGBT liaison in the White House.When Jarrett approached President Obama with the idea, he responded,  It s a great idea if you can get it to work,  she told the Post.The rainbow lit White House went viral online as onlookers flocked to snap selfies at the location to commemorate the historic Supreme Court decision. Tonight, the White House was lit to demonstrate our unwavering commitment to progress and equality, here in America and around the world,  a White House official explained in a statement.  The pride colors reflect the diversity of the LGBT community, and tonight, these colors celebrate a new chapter in the history of American civil rights. VIA: BREITBART",0
15517,OUTRAGE OVER BARE CHESTED GAYS COMPARING GAY MARRIAGE VICTORY TO MARINES IWO JIMA FLAG RAISING,"Because according to the left, the brave men who gave their lives for our nation are apparently the equivalent of a battle to make the perversion of marriage legal A gay rights inspired adaptation of the famous image of Marines raising the flag over Iwo Jima in 1945 is sparking outrage following the recent Supreme Court decision legalizing gay marriage nation-wide.The image   of four muscular, skin-baring men raising the rainbow flag posed like the Marines at Iwo Jima   was taken some ten years ago and appeared on a gay magazine, but was recirculated last week following the Supreme Court decision.And dont compare gay marriage to the Marines who fought and died in Iwo Jima. The two events are not comparable pic.twitter.com/rqwtR2eoHh  Paulie Walnuts (@PAULme_maybe69) July 1, 2015Replacing the soldiers on Iwo Jima standing up the American flag with the gay pride flag is disrespectful  Mitchell Moyers (@m_moyers8) July 1, 2015They really recreated the Iwo Jima flag with the gay flag. Just stop  Evan Moriyama (@AsMoriyama) July 1, 20156821 people died in Iwo Jima,over 19,000 wounded.Apparently that ain t nothi compared to gay people s struggle huh  AmericanMuscle (@MrFakeDope) July 1, 2015#gay #TCOT this is offensive how dare you besmirch Marines at Iwo Jima who gave their lives so there is a supreme ct pic.twitter.com/ARRqXwJC0u  Rosebud (@Murba1515) June 30, 2015The Washington Post highlighted the outcry Wednesday, recalling the bloody operation that spurred to the first iconic photo taken on February 23, 1945 by Associated Press photographer Joe Rosenthal. Three of the Marines pictured were killed in combat, among the nearly 7,000 other Americans who died on Iwo Jima. Another 20,000 American troops were wounded.The photographer of the gay rights image, Ed Freeman, The Post reports, has received hate mail, backlash on social media, and at least one death threat since the image went viral. He said if he ever saw me, he d kill me,  Freeman told The Post.  I got swamped with vitriolic hate mail. Freeman received disapproving responses to his when he posted on Facebook that Friday,  When I took this picture almost ten years ago, it never, never occurred to me that it would someday come to symbolize the victory we are celebrating today. Congratulations to all of us! Love to you all. Freeman told The Post that he did not intend for the image to be disrespectful and chalked the outrage up to people s frustration with the Supreme Court decision. The principle complaint that people have is that I am equating the gay struggle with the contribution and sacrifice of American servicemen,  Freeman said.  But there is no equal sign here. This is not meant as a sign of disrespect. For God sake, no. I totally support people in uniform. There is no comparison going on here. The comparison is going on in people s heads, and they re spoiling for a fight. They re already on edge because of the gay marriage decision. Via: Breitbart News",0
15518,MACY’S CELEBRATES AMERICA’S INDEPENDENCE BY PUTTING ILLEGAL ALIENS FIRST,"Americans need to put American citizens first and dump Macy s. Macy s has a Customer Service Department phone number that should be ringing off the hook with Americans who love their country and are sick and tired of the left bullying us into submission. Tell them it s time to put American citizens first and you appreciate Donald Trump standing up for LEGAL immigration: 1 (800) 289-6229  I ll be canceling my Macy s credit card today. Macy s just lost its  Magic #MakeAmericaGreatAgain .Dump Macy s!Real-estate mogul and GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump called for a boycott of Macy s on Wednesday after the retail company said it would drop Trump s products. Earlier in the day, Macy s said it was snubbing Trump because of the  disparaging characterizations  he made about Mexican immigrants during his campaign launch. Among other things, Trump accused Mexico of sending its  rapists  and drug dealers to the US.In addition to blasting Macy s in an official statement, Trump attacked Macy s in a series of tweets for being  weak on border security : Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration & SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2015For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security & stopping illegal immigration.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2015Macy s is only the latest in a string of businesses that have cut ties with Trump in the past week. NBC, Univision, and the Mexican media company Televisa all recently announced they would not show Trump s Miss Universe Organization beauty pageants because of his comments about immigrants. When Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best; they re not sending you,  Trump said in his June announcement speech, according to a transcript.  They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. Trump, who said he was criticizing the Mexican government and not its people, has aggressively responded to the companies that are ending their relationships with him. He said he was suing Univision for $500 million. He denounced NBC as  weak.  And he insisted that he was the one cutting ties with Macy s   not the other way around.He also argued that the Macy s snub proved how difficult it was for billionaires like him to seek political office. I have always said that if you are successful, it is very hard to run for office, especially the office of president,  he said in his Wednesday statement.  I have also continually stated that I am not beholden to anyone, and this includes NBC and Macy s. Clearly, NBC and Macy s support illegal immigration. Trump products at Macy s include $70 dress shirts, $65 ties, and a fragrance called  Success. Via: Business Insider ",0
15519,CASTRO DEMANDS THE RETURN OF “ILLEGALLY OCCUPIED” GITMO BEFORE RESTORING DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS,"Obama must have added this to the deal so he can move to close GITMO. He s just itching to release more terrorists and close GITMO because it s clear his legacy is more important than the safety and security of Americans. As President Obama announced that Cuba was restoring full diplomatic relations, reopening embassies in Washington and Havana after more than five decades, Cuba was once again demanding the U.S. return Guantanamo to the country. To achieve normalization [of diplomatic relations] it will be essential also that the territory illegally occupied by the Guantanamo Naval Base is returned,  read a declaration posted on Granma, the official organ of the Communist Party in the island.The Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, home to Guantanamo Bay detention camp since 2012, is located on 45 square miles of a bay the U.S. leased for use as a coaling and naval station in 1903.In the 700-word declaration, the Cuban government also demands the U.S. end the transmission of anti-Castro radio and television broadcasts on the island.The demands echo, almost word by word, those made by President Raul Castro back in January, during the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States summit on Costa Rica. Radio and television transmissions to Cuba ( ) are in violation of international law and are harmful to our sovereignty policies,  the declaration reads, while demanding also that  programs aimed at promoting internal subversion and destabilization be stopped. Obama announced Wednesday that the U.S. and Cuba will reopen their embassies in Havana and Washington, heralding a  new chapter  in relations after a half-century of hostility.  We don t have to be imprisoned by the past,  Obama said from White House Rose Garden.  Americans and Cubans alike are ready to move forward. Read more: FOX NEWS LATINO",0
15520,(VIDEO) OBAMA GOES OFF THE RAILS AND CLAIMS THAT BRAZIL AND THE U.S. HAVE SIMILAR HISTORIES,Does this president know American history or does he just make it up? Who writes this bs for him? Whoever it is needs to be canned! Brazil was a dictatorship and under military rule until 1985!Could someone pass along the Wikipedia info on Brazil to Obama? ,0
15521,DOJ CONTINUES OBSESSION WITH DISCREDITING FERGUSON POLICE With This Ridiculous New Report,"No word on when Soros will be put on trial for paying protestors to riot or when Al Sharpton will be charged with inciting the riots with his inflammatory racist rhetoric (All comments in italics are opinions of 100% FED Up!)According to a report  from the U.S. Department of Justice, police responding to race-related protests and riots in Ferguson, Missouri, last summer made a series of missteps, including antagonizing crowds with attack dogs and military-style tactics.Yeah..because the people inciting riots, burning down businesses and threatening anyone who dared to drive through Ferguson are probably pretty credible witnesses when it comes to  missteps  by the Ferguson Police Department. The report, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters, is a draft summary of a document the DOJ plans to release in the coming weeks evaluating law enforcement actions. A Justice Department spokesperson said the  after-action assessment   will convey the findings and lessons learned. The report focuses on the tactics of police from Ferguson, St. Louis, St. Louis County, and the Missouri Highway Patrol. All four agencies tried to quell the protests and riots that broke out after a white Ferguson police officer shot and killed Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, on Aug. 9, 2014. We are always willing to engage in constructive dialogue about best practices,  the St. Louis department said in a statement.  We are interested in the final report to identify what we did well and what we may need to improve upon. How improving number of arrests made for arsonists/rioters who burn down businesses to make a statement? The Justice Department draft report, which covers actions over the 17 days following the shooting, found that police lacked effective protocols, were not adequately trained, struggled with communication and coordination, and made mistakes that sometimes heightened tensions.The use of dogs for crowd control during the Ferguson protests incited fear and anger in the crowd, according to the report, while the use of teargas on people without warning was also a problem.In addition, police were inconsistent in using force and making arrests, and some officers removed their nameplates to evade accountability for their actions, the Justice Department said.The report also criticized police for positioning snipers atop armored vehicles to monitor the crowd through rifle sights, saying the tactic  served only to exacerbate tensions. Yeah because why would the cops in Ferguson be concerned about their own safety when clowns like this are openly walking around advocating for violence against Officer Wilson?It found that law enforcement agencies set a negative tone with the media by initially offering limited public information about Brown s shooting. The report also said police inhibited protesters constitutional right to free speech.In all, the report lists 45 findings along with recommendations for improvements.Via: Reuters",0
15522,COINCIDENCE? CHOBANI SCORES MAJOR CONTRACT WITH MOOCH’S GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM After Airing Naked Lesbian TV Ad To 3% Of Population [VIDEO],"Are there any coincidences in the quid pro quo world of Obama s Chicago style politics?  Here s the link story we posted about Chobani and their naked lesbian ad. The video of their ad can be seen below:New York yogurt manufacturer Chobani just landed a massive U.S. Department of Agriculture contract for school lunches after years of lobbying lawmakers and President Obama on its products.The upstate-New York Greek yogurt maker will be distributing its products to schools nationwide next year as a USDA-approved meat substitute for school lunches, capping off a pilot program in a dozen states made possible by extensive lobbying efforts.Chobani Greek Yogurt first gained approval by the USDA for school lunches in 2013 as part of a pilot program after U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer and other New York lawmakers pressured USDA officials to include it in a pilot program for four states. The USDA s typically years-long approval process for new products was miraculously slashed to only about 8 months for Chobani.That pilot program was expanded last year to a dozen states after reportedly positive feedback from students, Syracuse.com reports. After at least three calls from the persistent senator, (U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom) Vilsack helped arranged a Sept. 20, 2012 meeting in Schumer s Capitol Hill office with Kevin Concannon, the key official for food, nutrition and consumer services,  the New York Daily News reports.Chobani owner Hamdi Ulukaya was also named by President Obama as a  Presidential Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship,  which included a  closed-press  meeting with the president at the White House, according to the Daily Sabah.The special treatment was undoubtedly the result of Ulukaya s savvy political sense.According to a Green Monsters! blog about the original pilot program:  Chobani has made a significant financial investment to be at the forefront of this new program and potentially come out as the victor. The New York-based company has already paid $80,000 to Cornerstone Government Affairs to lobby Congress on its behalf. Among its lobbyists are former agricultural department employees.The lobbying firm was also hired following New York Senator Charles Schumer s petition to the USDA asking that Greek yogurt be added school lunch program.The decision on Greek yogurt came rather quickly in just eight months although the agriculture department typically takes years to assess a new product.  The tofu industry waited a decade before an ok,  reports NY Daily News.Senator Schumer also worked with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to push the Greek yogurt pilot program through. Both senators see it as a win-win for the children and the diary industry.The financial benefit has the potential to be quite considerable for New York in particular. Five years ago, the New York dairy industry was producing barely any revenue. Now it generates almost 40 percent of the $6.5 billion in U.S. yogurt sales annually. Businessweek magazine has even called upstate New York  the Silicon Valley of yogurt. So, after a couple of years of lobbying and a pilot test program, Chobani   the top selling Greek yogurt brand in the U.S.   landed a contract for schools in all 50 states in April. The initial contract is worth $148,019 for the first two months of the 2015-16 school year, Syracuse.com reports.The government will then seek quarterly bids for the remainder of the school year.Chobani s fast-track to school cafeterias across the U.S.   with a contract awarded faster than other companies have even gained approval for their products   raises the same question Green Mosters! blogger Kristina Pepelko first raised in 2013: is the National School Lunch Program and the tightened restrictions on school food truly designed to produce healthier students, or are special interest lobbyists driving menu recommendations from Washington, D.C.?Chobani s senior director of nutrition and regulatory affairs, Robert Post, obviously wants the public to believe it s the former. This is an important step that Chobani is taking in its continued mission to bring nutritious, delicious and natural food to all people of all ages,  he said in a statement. Allowing children to have healthy and delicious options for their lunch tray ingredients is one of the most important things Chobani can do as a company, and we decided to offer out products at significantly reduced prices as we want to extend our mission beyond our cups and into the communities we live in,  Post said.Chobani officials have not disclosed the  significantly reduced prices  for their products, or the potential value of the new government contract, Syracuse.com reports.Via: EAG News",0
15523,"MONEY GRUBBING CLINTON GRIFTER DEMANDS $65,000 FOR APPEARANCE AFTER UNIVERSITY TURNED DOWN HILLARY’S FEE OF $275,000","What a group of grifters these Clinton scammers are! Chelsea demands a huge speaking fee from a public university but what has she done to deserve anything near the $65,000 she asked for? Just like her mom, this grifter has no real accomplishments yet squeezes a speaking fee out of anyone and everyone who ll pay. Disgusting!Chelsea Clinton demanded $65,000 to make a 10-minute speech at a public university after they balked at her mother s appearance fee, it has been revealed.The University of Missouri at Kansas City was looking for a celebrity to open their women s hall of fame in February 2014. Their initial choice was former Secretary of State and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.But when they were told how much it would cost   $275,000   they turned it down and went to what they thought was the next best thing.They paid $65,000 for the 35-year-old mother s brief appearance on February 24 last year. According to The Washington Post the former first daughter agreed to a deal where she would talk for just 10 minutes then take part in a 20-minute question and answer session. She then reportedly spent 30 minutes posing for photographs with special guests and VIPs. The Post said that she didn t personally receive any of the fee, as it was directed to the Clinton Foundation. Kamyl Bazbaz, Chelsea s spokesman, told The Post:  Chelsea is grateful to have the opportunity to speak at events like this while also supporting the work of the Clinton Foundation. Read more: Daily Mail",0
15524,[VIDEO] TWO STREET PREACHERS SEVERELY BEATEN BY TOLERANT GAYS AT SEATTLE GAY PRIDE PARADE,"Gay pride? Tolerance is a one-way street for those on the left Two street preachers were brutally beaten   punched and kicked   by a crowd at a gay pride festival in Seattle and the entire melee was captured on video.The preachers were holding signs reading  Repent or Else  and  Jesus Saves From Sin.  The video shows a group of people initially screaming and threatening the men during Pridefest at the Seattle Space Needle.Television station KOMO reported that some of the attackers belonged to a group called NOH8A group of women tried to steal their signs but were unsuccessful. The video then shows a group of men grabbing onto one of the preacher s signs and dragging him to the ground. At some point he was punched in the back of the head a number of times while others can be seen kicking the man.Another preacher was sucker punched in the back of the head.Police arrested two suspects   one of whom has a long rap sheet.It s not the first time Christians have been attacked by pro-gay activists.Last August a gunman opened fire inside the headquarters of the Family Research Council in Washington, D.C. Floyd Lee Corkins, Jr. pled guilty to committing an act of terrorism on the pro-family organization.Corkins shot FRC security guard Leo Johnson   and intended to shoot others   but Johnson was able to disarm the man.Last year a group called  Angry Queers  caused thousands of dollars in damage to the Portland, Ore. campus of Mars Hill Church. The vandals hurled stones through stain glass windows, LifeSiteNews reported.The  Angry Queers  sent an e-mail to television station KOIN defending their criminal acts because  Mars Hill is notoriously anti-gay and anti-woman. The vandals sent an e-mail to local television station KOIN-TV stating they took the action, because  Mars Hill is notoriously anti-gay and anti-woman. And when the new campus of the church opened gay rights protestors shouted profanities at children calling them  homophobes  and telling the boys and girls they were  going to burn in Hell. Via: Todd Starnes   FOX News ",0
15525,BREAKING: OBAMA’S RACE WAR PART II…BRAWL BREAKS OUT IN FRONT OF SC STATEHOUSE OVER CONFEDERATE FLAG,"A defender of the Confederate flag who says the flag is NOT about race says: I m gonna tell you one thing, I ain t sitting down; this ll just make me walk taller. One man has been arrested after a fight over the Confederate flag in front of the South Carolina Statehouse.The brawl started about 7:15 p.m. Monday when about a dozen vehicles with Confederate flag supporters pulled up in front of the Statehouse and stopped in the middle of the street, Public Safety Department spokeswoman Sherri Iacobelli said in a statement. About 10 of the flag supporters clashed with about 30 people who were on the Statehouse grounds protesting the flag, the statement said. The blood on my face, the blood in my teeth, the blood on my hands is no comparison to the Southern blood that runs through my veins,  Joe Linder told CBS News.Linder, who was hit during the fight, supports the Confederate flag and says  racism has no part  in it. I m gonna tell you one thing, I ain t sitting down; this ll just make me walk taller,  he told CBS News.About 50 officers responded and contained the clash, including officers from the Bureau of Protective Services assigned to the Statehouse, as well as Columbia police, University of South Carolina officers and the South Carolina Highway Patrol. Two blocks of the street in front of the Statehouse was closed for a brief time during the disturbance. Sydney Baldwin told CBS News the fight began when someone took his flag.  I jumped out of my truck,  Baldwin said.  That was all I did, was grab my flag and I got hit in the side.  Nicholas Thompson, 25, of Irmo, South Carolina, has been charged with disorderly conduct. It wasn t clear if he has an attorney. The Confederate flag has been a focus of protests since the fatal shooting of nine people at a historic black church in Charleston on June 17. Public Safety Director Leroy Smith told reporters it was unfortunate that Columbia had a fight when there have been no problems reported in Charleston, where the shooting occurred. The suspect in the Charleston shooting, Dylann Storm Roof, appears in a number of photographs online with the Confederate flag, prompting calls for removal of the flag from in front of the Statehouse. South Carolina lawmakers are expected next week to consider proposals to take the flag down and move it to a museum. The flag has flown at the Statehouse since the 1960s. It was removed from the Statehouse dome and placed at a Confederate Soldier Monument in front of the Statehouse in 2000.Via: Atlanta CBS Local",0
15526,PARENT FURIOUS AFTER 4TH GRADE CLASS JOINS HATEFUL PROTESTORS AND TEACHER IN CHANT ON CAPITOL STEPS: “[Governor] Walker Sucks!”,"The children were greeted at the Capitol steps in the communist state of Wisconsin by protestors singing hate songs with signs that read: Republicans and Walker rape or molest women and girls.APPLETON, Wis.   I don t frequent the Capitol building in Madison so I just assumed the  Capitol Singers,  a group protesting Governor Scott Walker in song had faded away.I learned recently however that they are, as a line censored out of the sitcom  Last Man Standing  said of the Clintons,  They re like shingles; just when you think they are gone, they pop back up. I received an email recently from a listener to my radio show who chaperoned a field trip his daughter s 4th grade class at Horizons Elementary School in Appleton took to the State Capitol in late May. The story he shared was simply stunning:Everyone on the field trip to the capitol was eating lunch on the capitol steps. At the same time there was a group of people protesting Walker and Act 10 singing hate songs and holding up signs saying that Republicans and Walker rape or molest women and girls.Another parent pointed out to me that my daughter s teacher was down there singing with them. I thought that I needed to find out what was actually being sung down there because a bunch of students were down there listening and recording on their cell phones what was happening. That is when I realized that they were singing terrible hate songs against Walker and what the signs said.By the way, her teacher was holding a piece of paper with the words they were singing on it. When the kids were on their way back up they started chanting  Walker sucks  and some other mean things. That s when I stopped them and asked why they were doing that and they didn t know what to say. I asked three times and one of the boys spoke up and said that Mr. Niquette was just doing it also. That is my daughter s teacher.Feeling it inappropriate to confront the teacher in front of children, the parent contacted the school to see if such behavior violated school policy. He ended up in an email exchange with the teacher, Scott Niquette:Scott, my issue is you going down there and singing with those people on the field trip.Did you see the signs they were holding? I m guessing that you saw the words you were reading off the sheet you were holding. Do you understand what the children were doing after they saw you down there singing? Scott there is video of you singing that hate Walker song.When the kids were walking back up the hill they were chanting hate speech toward Walker until I stopped them and asked them why. The answer was obvious. Someone with influence in their lives was doing the same thing. You have influence on these children and they trust that you will lead them. For crying out loud Scott those signs were way inappropriate. Talking about molesting children and raping women.In a show of Olympian chutzpah, Niquette pleaded ignorance in his response:With respect to the Capitol Singers, I joined them during my lunch break simply because I enjoy singing. I am currently an active member in our church s choir  I honestly did not see or notice any signs regarding molesting children or raping women when I entered the circle of singers. If I had, I can assure you that a most certainly would have immediately left. Again, I joined them simply because I enjoy singing. With respect to my teaching, I also take that very seriously and take great offense to accusations that I do not  You have visited my classroom on numerous occasions and sat in on a few lessons. What did you see and hear I stick to the objectives and leave the politics out.He couldn t resist joining a group of Scott Walker haters in public but we re supposed to trust he keeps politics out of the classroom? He didn t see what the signs said? He was unclear of the lyrics he was singing off a sheet?I reached out to Horizons principal Karen Brice. Initially she told me she hadn t heard of the incident and frankly found it hard to believe. But she told me she would look into it. A few days later she called me back, saying only that school officials were investigating to determine whether district policy had been violated.Then there is this classic line from Niquette in his email response to the parent:In retrospect, however, I do think I will save singing with the Capitol Singers for a time when I am at the capitol of my own accord to better reduce any opportunities of misunderstanding.Via: EAG News",0
15527,AL GORE DECLINES ENDORSEMENT OF HILLARY FOR NOW…WHAT’S HE WAITING FOR?,"It s too early to endorse Hillary? What s Al Gore waiting for? It s clear that Hillary is the anointed one for the Democrats so why would he wait and who would he be waiting for if not HRC?Al Gore declined to back Hillary Clinton for president when asked who he thinks would be next in the White House.When questioned by WPP founder Sir Martin Sorrell at the Cannes Lions festival of creativity about whom he would back for 2016, Gore   Bill Clinton s vice president from 1993 to 2001  notably didn t take the chance to praise Hillary. In a packed Cannes Lions session Friday, Sorrell asked Gore,  Would you refuse to answer the question [who will be the next president of the United States]?  Gore responded,  I wouldn t refuse to answer that question, I would try to cleverly dodge the question   I would say it s actually too early.  Gore merely smiled, but didn t comment further, after Sorrell added,  I think Hillary will win and it would be great to have a female president of the most powerful nation on the planet.  Gore has reportedly had a complicated relationship with the Clintons since 2000. Political insiders speculate Gore may be remaining neutral for now but would eventually back the Democratic nominee. Gore last October described Hillary in an interview with Bloomberg as an  extremely capable person,  adding she did an excellent job as secretary of state and a New York senator. But he also said it was too early and  I am not going to engage in horse race analysis before the horses even go to the gate.  The former vice president used his speech at Cannes to call on the ad and creative world to help him in his fight against climate change. When asked about climate deniers, Gore said it was a campaign run by polluters and compared their actions to the tobacco industry, which employed actors posing as doctors to reassure consumers that smoking was safe:  It was deeply unethical, immoral, destructive, really evil, and that is exactly what the climate denial industry is doing.  Gore believes global warming would be a big issue at the next election:  The age of fossil fuels is beginning to end   years ago a Saudi minister once said,  The stone age didn t end because of a shortage of stones. Read more: NYP",0
15528,"VAN JONES AND CNN’S DON LEMON ON OBAMA’S “I’m fearless” RACIST SPEECH AT CHARLESTON PASTOR’S FUNERAL: “Once You’re Fearless, Once You Don’t Give A Damn…No One Can Stop You” [VIDEO]","Not a bad imitation of a black pastor from a guy who quit going to church when he entered the White House because according to Reverend Wright, of the Black Liberation Church where Barack and Michelle Obama attended for several years:  Church is not their thing. It never was their thing.  CNN s Don Lemon: You know, Brooke, um this is quite possibly one of the most powerful and extraordinary moments that I ve witnessed ah  on television, especially a speech coming from the President. I ve never really at a loss for words, and I m almost  at a loss for words right now. I mean, Van and I couldn t even look at each other.Van Jones (racist and self proclaimed communist): Yeah Because this is what happens in the black church every single morning.DL: Not only that, this is what many people around the country wanted to hear from this president, for a long, long time. It s time to step into your legacy.Van Jones: It really is. This is a different President, this year, I think has transformed him. I think a year ago Ferguson, then Baltimore, now Charleston.  I think you re seeing the 3.0 version. When he first came on the scene, he was trying to talk about race, even his book was about race. He was trying DL: But he was getting hit.VJ: He kept getting hit. He became a politician. Yeah..he became the racial pi ata of the blacks saying he wasn t doing enough, the whites saying he was doing too much. Suddenly in this speech he just decides to give over to the cadences.DL: He said it in the podcast man. He said:  I am fearless.  And you know, once you re fearless, and once you don t give a damn no one can stop you. And I think the President is in that mode now. He knows this is his legacy.Obama was supposed to be delivering a eulogy for Pastor Clementa Pinckney, but instead he chose to turn it into another one of his divisive racist rants. Oh and by the way once the left has removed every trace of the Confederate flag, he s coming after your guns. Then, and only then will his legacy be complete. Molon Labe https://youtu.be/FWVq1WnICqYAnd for anyone who is interested in hearing the most off-key version of Amazing Grace sung by a muslim, you can see it here:https://youtu.be/WmRAxJIa0u8Not bad for a guy who quit going to church when he entered the White House because according to Reverend Wright, of the Black Liberation Church where Barack and Michelle Obama attended for several years: Church is not their thing. It never was their thing. ",0
15529,OBAMA’S REVEALING LETTER TO BROTHER TELLS WHY BARACK GOT INTO POLITICS,"Well, it s not like we didn t know this but it s very revealing to know why Obama says he got into politics. Hope and Change was for just some folks and not for others Please note what Malik is quoted as saying about Barack recently Ouch!President Obama s half-brother, Malik Abongo  Roy  Obama, has sold a handwritten letter from the president, penned 20 years ago, that reveals Obama s reasoning for getting into politics   including  to deal with some serious issues blacks face here.   Some colleagues of mine here have talked me into running for the Illinois State Senate (like being an MP for a province),  the future world leader wrote his kin in July 1995, before his political career began.  I have agreed, since I have an interest in politics to deal with some serious  issues blacks face here,  Obama wrote. The letter also reveals Obama s disdain for meetings, saying,  Of course, it involves a lot of campaigning, going to meetings and so on, which I don t find so attractive.  He adds,  Anyway, if I win it will only be a part-time post, and I will  continue my work as a lawyer.  The letter   which we hear Malik sold as a package with a copy of a manuscript of Obama s first book,  Dreams From My Father,  with handwritten notes   also gives an update on First Lady Michelle and his late mother, who died later that year. Modal Trigger Photo: momentsintime.com  Michelle is fine, also busy with her work,  Obama wrote.  My mom s health has been stabilized for now, but she is by no means cured and continues to undergo extensive treatment.  In the letter, signed  Much love   Barack,  the future president adds news that his brother s  found a new wife,   Man, I must say you don t fool around! The letter was offered up to parties such as  LA-based memorabilia dealer Moments in Time before it was snapped up by a collector. Malik, who lives in Kenya, also sold two other handwritten letters from Obama for nearly $15,000 each in 2013. Malik, who shares the same father with the president, has said they were best men at each other s weddings. But earlier this year, he called Obama a  schemer  and said,  He s not been an honest man . . . in who he is and what he says and how he treats people.  The amount paid for the letter was not disclosed. The White House did not comment.Via: NYP",0
15530,NO PASSPORT NECESSARY: Tunnels Made By Drug Cartels Along Obama’s Open Borders Make It Easy For ISIS To Enter US [VIDEO],"Mexicans have been given a green light by Obama and his regime to enter our country. Why shouldn t the drug cartels capitalize on their expansive underground highways?  Thanks to Obama s open borders and lenient policy on illegal aliens, it wouldn t make much sense for   members of ISIS to bother with a passport or Visa Our southern border is long and U.S. border patrol agents work to fight illegal activity like illegal immigration, drugs and now according to an FBI consultant, the border could be an attractive region for ISIS thanks in part to powerful drug lords. Drug dealers have found a way to move money without it being followed,  said Tyrone Powers, Former FBI Agent.  They found a way to move people in and out and they found a way to move product. That product powers refers to is tons and tons of meth, heroin and pot transferred through a labyrinth of tunnels from Mexico.Drugs that are headed for the streets of the U.S.But these tunnels could easily be an underground highway for ISIS to spawn its brutality here.Sioux City   KMEG 14, FOX 44, News, Weather, Sports The stronger they get over there, the more power they have so I can definitely see, in the future, collaboration between terrorist groups and drug dealers to our south,  said Senator Lindsey Graham, South Carolina, 2016 Presidential Candidate It s individuals they bring into this country, maybe at some point, suicide bombers which is really scary and then weapons of mass destruction,  said Powers.Terrorist experts say the epidemic of unstable leadership in Mexico, combined with ruthless drug cartels creates a vacuum. What s been going on in Mexico creates an opportunity for any organization to try to take advantage of it, whether it s ISIS or Al Shabbab,  said Brandon Behlendorf, Terrorist Targeting Strategist.Two major drug cartels that could attract ISIS cover a lot of land in Mexico. Both skirt the U.S. border.The Sinalos Federation takes up western Mexico and borders Texas to California.Los Zetas occupies eastern Mexico and hugs the southern Texas border.Experts say Al Qaeda already tried linking up with drug lords in Mexico roughly 15 years ago. But to no avail.But Isis is far more determined than Al Qaeda. It makes logical sense for ISIS to do this,  said powers.  But I do not think they ll be catching the intelligence agencies off guard, because this has been a persistent problem whether it was Al Qaeda or any other group. Via: Siouxland News",0
